CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — The Ohio man accused of killing a woman when he allegedly rammed his car into a group protesting against white nationalists rallying in Virginia was denied bail Monday in his first court appearance since the chaos in Charlottesville.
Dressed in a black and white prison jumpsuit, James Alex Fields Jr. appeared in a Charlottesville courtroom via video conference from the local jail and did not enter a plea in connection with the death of 32-year-old Heather Heyer at a "Unite The Right" march Saturday.
James Alex Fields Jr., is seen attending the "Unite the Right" rally in Emancipation Park before being arrested by police and charged with with one count of second degree murder. Eze Amos / Reuters file
"No sir," Fields answered when Chief Judge Robert H. Downer Jr. asked him if he could afford a lawyer.
The 20-year-old was assigned court-appointed attorney Charles Webber and given a August 25 return court date.
Fields told the court he earns $600 a week working for a private security company in Maumee, Ohio. During the 10-minute appearance, he mostly kept his head down and avoided looking directly into the camera.
"Yes sir," Fields answered when Downer asked him if he understood everything that was said during the proceeding.
Then Fields was marched back to his cell at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail.
Fields was arrested shortly after he allegedly plowed his Dodge Challenger through a group of demonstrators, barreling through them like bowling pins. Heyer was killed and 19 other protesters were injured.
It was a deadly coda to day of anger and rage on the normally genteel streets of the southern city that pitted hundreds of white supremacists, Ku Klux Klansmen and neo-Nazis versus an army of anti-racism protesters.
Fields was held on suspicion of second-degree murder, malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death.
Outside the courthouse, white nationalist Matthew Heimbach barged in on a gathering of reporters and accused them of being "liars" and insisted Fields was "scared for his life" and tried to portray him and the other white supremacists as the victims.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Car That Plowed Into Charlottesville Crowd Spotted Leaving the Scene 0:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"The nationalist community defended ourselves against thugs," Heimbach insisted. "These radical leftists...they are the one who came to kill us."
Heimbach was soon drowned out by chants of "Nazis go home" and "murderer" and police officers quickly surrounded him for his own protection and escorted him away from the court complex.
Earlier, Fields' mother Samantha Bloom told NBC News and other outlets that she learned of the deadly havoc from reporters who showed up at her home in a Toledo suburb and said she was under the impression that her son was merely attending a political rally — not a nationalist march.
"I didn't know it was white supremacists. I thought it had something to do with Trump," she said. "Trump's not a supremacist."
President Donald Trump has been hit with bipartisan criticism for failing to explicitly condemn the white nationalists for the violence and suggesting the counter-protesters bore some of the blame.
Marianna Sotomayor reported from Charlottesville, Corky Siemaszko reported from New York.
Image caption The victim was found with multiple injuries at the business in Essex
Two men have admitted burglary and firearm offences after an attack at an Essex launderette in which a man died.
Harrison Fryer, 24, and Jerome Johnson, 36, both from Watford, pleaded guilty at Basildon Crown Court to aggravated burglary and possessing an imitation firearm.
It follows the death of Paul Robertson, 39, at Baylee's launderette in Grays on 4 December, Essex Police said.
Three other men will face trial in August in connection with the incident.
Image caption Two men have admitted offences after the attack in Grays in December
Image caption The attack happened inside Baylee's launderette in Grays
Joseph Pearl, 28, of Charter Place, Watford, Michael Williams, 35, of Old Farm Park, Milton Keynes and Christopher Salvador, 31, of Hemming Way, Watford, all pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit aggravated burglary.
Mr Robertson died of multiple injuries inside the launderette in Southend Road.
A 39-year-old man from Grays, arrested on suspicion of murder at the scene, has been released without charge.
Video
A crow has been filmed greeting visitors to Knaresborough by asking “Y'alright love?” in a Yorkshire accent.
The unique conversation took Lisa and Mark Brooks by surprise on a recent trip to the North Yorkshire town's castle.
Image caption It has cost £500,000 to rebuild the old school that hosts the nursery
A nursery school devastated by a blaze last autumn is preparing to re-open after a £500,000 renovation.
Fire ripped through the Y Dyfodol (The Future) site at Cellan near Lampeter, Ceredigion, in October last year.
There were 200 children on the nursery's books at the time and their parents had to make alternative care arrangements.
Owner Dwynwen Davies said she would be "ecstatic" when the doors re-opened to children next week.
She said she was prevented from opening the nursery at a temporary location in the village hall at Cellan because of inspection regulations.
She feared the business might have to close because of the impact of the fire, adding: "I honestly thought I would have to put my hands up and say enough is enough.
"There was massive damage. Not only from the fire but from the water used by the firefighters.
"We had 200 children on the books, so overnight the children had no childcare, so it had a massive impact on the whole area."
Image caption Owner Dwynwen Davies feared she would have to close the nursery for good
The nursery held an open day on Bank Holiday Monday, and will be reopening next Monday.
"I will be ecstatic. This is my niche in life and to be able to welcome everybody here and giving the best childcare I can will make me whole again," Ms Davies added.
"If I hadn't have had the support and love from the local community I wouldn't have reopened. I was on the floor."
Emma Owens, a new parent at the nursery, said her son Monty will be attending on Monday.
She said: "It's amazing. I can't believe how much work they've done in such a short space of time.
"It's super important for parents who want to go back to work. It's vital."
Mexican authorities have seized 10,000 gallons of bad booze from 31 resorts and tourist hot spots in the country. File photo
A military helicopter crashed on a southern Maryland golf course on Monday, injuring at least one crew member, an official told Fox News.
A U.S. Army UH-60 Blackhawk from Ft. Belvoir, Virginia with three crew members aboard crashed around 1:50 p.m. near Leonardtown, Ft. Belvoir spokesman Jimmie Cummings said.
One of the crew members was taken by helicopter to a local hospital, but Cummings wouldn't describe his injuries. The other two members of the crew were okay, Cummings said. Two medevac helicopters were initially sent to the scene to assist.
Kevin Bowen, who works in the pro shop of the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown, said he saw the helicopter “flying kind of low” and then “saw it spinning” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course.
Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Right decision or not? Here's what you shared with us on The 97.5 WPCV Breakfast Club!
Meet the remarkable people who are making a positive impact on our communities and making the world a little bit better.
Play All
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) – Virginia tax revenues surged last month, but Gov. Terry McAuliffe cautioned against assuming that the state's recent revenue swoon is over.The Richmond Times-Dispatch reports McAuliffe announced Monday that revenues rose 7.4 percent in January over the previous January. He also says collections for the first seven months of the fiscal year are up 4.6 percent and ahead of the annual forecast revised in the face of last year's shortfall.Despite the good news, officials say the improved outlook will not result in increased budget spending. Last year, budget officials were caught off guard when payroll withholding grew more slowly than expected, primarily because lower-paying jobs replaced high-wage jobs that were lost in northern Virginia and other parts of the state especially vulnerable to cuts in federal spending.
Check out some of the best moments from the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup series through the first seven races of 2017.
More Race Hub Videos Clint Bowyer's Chances to Win a Race | NASCAR RACE HUB The Athleticism of Pit Crew Members | NASCAR RACE HUB Biggest Storylines So Far in 2017 | NASCAR RACE HUB What Do You Think of Stage Racing So Far? | NASCAR RACE HUB Bubba Wallace Starts Foundation at His High School | NASCAR RACE HUB Radioactive: Texas – “IQ of a [expletive] mud flap.” | NASCAR RACE HUB More Race Hub Videos
If you could create anything at all, how would you make your mark on your town?
This is the question asked by Wigan-based artist Jess Rotherham, who is calling for the community to explore their artistic flair as part of a new visual project.
Jess, 25, is one of eight artists-in-residence as part of Wigan Council's Imago programme and is leading on the project ‘Ideas for a town', which encourages the residents to take ownership of the places that they live through art.
Members of the public can sculpt, draw or write about their ideas before handing them into their local library or taking a photograph and uploading to the project blog.
All submissions will then be included in Jess' open exhibition from March 10 in Wigan Library.
Jess said: “I am really keen to work with people who don't necessarily engage with art on a daily basis.
“Ideas don't have to make sense and they don't have to be realistic – I just want to give everybody the opportunity to be an artist.
“I'm excited for what is an eclectic exhibition that has been contributed to by the whole community regardless of age, gender or background.”
Sculpture packs can be picked up from the Grand Arcade or Wigan Library's mezzanine, which have all the materials needed including a backdrop, clay and figurines.
There have been more than 60 submissions so far with ideas such as a tower of pies, a brick maze and even a spaceship.
For those who would like to work with Jess directly on their submission, there will be a free drop-in workshop on Monday, February 19, suitable for all ages at the Museum of Wigan Life, from 11am to 12.30pm.
Alternatively, visit the blog at www.ideasforatown.tumblr.com for more information or to submit your ideas.
Irish drama Handsome Devil will receive its European premiere on Wednesday night as it opens the 13th Glasgow Film Festival.
The film, which was directed by John Butler, stars Sherlock's Andrew Scott, Moe Dunford, Nicolas Galitzine and Fionn O'Shea.
Handsome Devil is Butler's follow-up to hit comedy The Stage and tells the story of Ned (O'Shea) and Conor (Galitzine), a loner and a star athlete who form an unlikely friendship when they are forced to share a room at their rugby-mad boarding school.
Andrew Scott in Handsome Devil
"It's a comedy-drama, whereas The Stag was a comedy," Butler told RTÉ Entertainment. "There was no motive for telling it beyond wanting to get it out of me! It's - emotionally, at least - autobiographical, in that I grew up gay and loving sports and found it hard to reconcile the two. Writing is cheaper than therapy."
Having received its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival last September, Handsome Devil will have its Irish premiere as the closing film at the Audi Dublin International Film Festival on February 26 ahead of its release in cinemas.
"Everyone who has seen it so far seems to recognise elements of their own school life," the writer-director continued. "And it's not about a particular type of school. As Ned says in the film 'everyone who's ever been young - so that's everyone ever - knows exactly what humiliation feels like'. He said it better than me."
Carlos Gomez was craving real contact.
The struggling Rays right fielder took out his frustration on two separate water coolers in the dugout Wednesday after striking out in the second inning against the Marlins. Gomez first took his bat to a cooler on a ground, smashing the plastic with five consecutive swings, before sending a Gatorade cooler flying with a right-handed punch.
Gomez is having his worst year at the plate since making his major league debut with the Mets in 2007. The speedster is slashing .198/.274/.327 with 73 strikeouts in 69 games after signing a one-year, $4 million contract with Tampa Bay in the offseason.
Gomez, 32, is a career .253 hitter who enjoyed his most productive years with the Brewers (2010-15), appearing in the All-Star Game in '13 and '14.
Image copyright Lesley Willetts
A retired senior judge has warned the power of attorney lacks safeguards, saying he would never sign one himself.
But Frank Willett, a Dunkirk and Normandy veteran, did - and was exploited by his neighbour Colin Blake.
Frank's daughter, Lesley, lived 300 miles away from her father. She was in South Wales and he was in Yorkshire.
Suffering from dementia and in his early 80s, in 2003 Frank made Blake his attorney, giving him responsibility for his financial affairs.
Blake had befriended widower Mr Willett and took him to a local solicitor's office, where the document was drawn up for enduring power of attorney and Frank signed.
Lesley and her husband Brian Felton believed Frank's assets were safe.
But what they didn't realise was that just weeks after the papers were signed, Colin Blake had begun taking out large sums of money.
Image copyright North Yorkshire Police Image caption Colin Blake eventually sold Frank Willett's house and moved to France
"I didn't think the bank would allow wholesale looting of someone's account," Lesley says.
Her father had been a regular customer for years with the bank. He'd go in every week and cash a cheque for £70, and all of his bills were paid by direct debit.
He had pensions from the army and the civil service as well as his state pension. He was careful with money and had built up substantial savings of £60,000.
In February 2003, Blake withdrew nearly £9,000 from Mr Willett's account in a single transaction. As he had power of attorney, the bank didn't contact Brian and Lesley.
Blake drew out more money, using the sums to pay his own bills.
Image copyright Google Image caption Mr Willett lived next door to Blake in Kirby Hill in Yorkshire, 300 miles away from his daughter
Frank's health deteriorated and in September 2004 he was moved to a care home.
Colin Blake registered the enduring power of attorney (EPA) with the Court of Protection, which allowed him to sell Frank's house, a two-bedroom bungalow in North Yorkshire.
Lesley and Brian challenged the power of attorney in court - but they had no idea that Frank's savings account was empty, and they couldn't prove that Colin Blake was unfit to be Frank's attorney.
The judge upheld the document, although he did order Blake to provide annual accounts to the court - a more stringent measure than the usual procedure.
The couple and their solicitor repeatedly contacted the Public Guardianship Office, and the Court of Protection, which oversees attorneyship, saying they believed there were discrepancies in the accounts.
But they were told everything was satisfactory.
Image copyright Lesley Willetts
In early 2007, visiting her father in the care home in Yorkshire, Lesley learned that Blake was selling his own house, liquidating his company and moving to France. Frank's care bills were in arrears.
Lesley knew her father's house had been sold for over £130,000 and could not understand where the money had gone.
It was only in early 2008 that a new body - the Office of the Public Guardian - investigated, and revoked the power of attorney.
Lesley was appointed deputy by the court instead - responsible for her father's finances under the court's supervision.
'Everything was gone'
She discovered all of her father's money had gone. Her father's medals - from 35 years service in the army - had gone.
Her mother's wedding ring and her jewellery and all the family photographs and documents had also disappeared.
"It was devastating," she says. "It took his memories."
She called the police, who began to investigate Blake.
Lesley visited Frank for his birthday and took him to visit her mother's grave. She told him Blake wouldn't be bothering him any more, and that the care home staff and his family would be protecting him.
"He had tears streaming down his face and he said: 'That's the best birthday present I've ever had.'"
Frank died in 2009. Lesley and Brian had to go to court to overturn a will Frank had made under Blake's influence.
The police pursued Blake to France. Last month he pleaded guilty to theft and was sentenced to four-and-a-half years.
It's unlikely that Lesley will ever get any money back. But she wanted to see justice done for her father, and for others to learn from her experience.
Image caption Lesley Willett was eventually appointed as her father's deputy, which meant she took over his affairs
Since this case, there have been changes to power of attorney and the Court of Protection.
In the past, a EPA could be drawn up with little oversight - but when it came to registration, it could be subject to scrutiny and challenge. All the relatives of the person concerned would be contacted at that point.
Now with the newer Lasting Power of Attorney, or LPA, a professional, or someone who has known the subject of the order well for years, has to provide a certificate for the document to be drawn up - but registration has been made far simpler.
Relatives are no longer contacted. Also, the Office of the Public Guardian, an executive agency of the Ministry of Justice, has more powers to investigate complaints about attorneys than its predecessor, the Public Guardianship Office.
The retired judge, Denzil Lush, cited a recent case involving 94-year-old widow Gladys Meek, from Derbyshire.
Her husband's niece and great niece were deputies. They used her money to buy cars, laptops, designer handbags, and season tickets to Derby County Football Club.
But after a court decision, a £275,000 bond was called in and so the money could be recovered.
Attack on US lawmakers: what we know
Washington, United States | AFP | A rifle-toting US man opened fire Wednesday at about two dozen Republican lawmakers and staff holding a baseball practice ahead of a charity game, wounding a top congressman and at least three others.
The shooter — identified as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson, an apparent supporter of former presidential candidate Bernie Sanders — has since died of his injuries, President Donald Trump announced.
Here's what we know about the shooting:
– What happened? –
Republican lawmakers were practicing at a baseball field in the Washington suburb of Alexandria, Virginia ahead of Thursday night's annual charity game against their Democratic counterparts when Hodgkinson fired a volley of shots.
Republican Majority Whip Steve Scalise, the party's number three in the House of Representatives, suffered a hip injury in the early morning melee.
Capitol police who were on security duty returned fire, as did Alexandria police who rushed to the scene. The suspect was apprehended, and the five people wounded were taken to area hospitals.
– Who was wounded? –
* Scalise. He suffered a hip injury and underwent surgery at a Washington hospital. He was expected to recover.
* Zachary Barth, an aide to Representative Roger Williams
* Lobbyist and former congressional staffer Mike Mika (identified by The Washington Post)
* Two Capitol Police officers
– Who was the shooter? –
Hodgkinson, who appears to have been the owner of a home inspection business, was a strong supporter of Sanders, who challenged Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016.
Sanders said he was “sickened” by the attack.
The shooter hailed from Belleville, Illinois, a suburb of St Louis, Missouri, though his wife told ABC News that he had been living in Alexandria for the past two months.
– Political aftermath –
Trump called for national unity in the wake of the shooting, as did House Speaker Paul Ryan and Democratic House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi.
All votes in the House of Representatives were cancelled for Wednesday.
The annual Congressional baseball game will go on as planned Thursday night at Nationals Park in the US capital.
The post Attack on US lawmakers: what we know appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
YORK, Pa. — One of five black women golfers who say they were told to leave a Pennsylvania club says it felt like they were “playing with targets on our backs.”
Sandra Harrison says representatives of the Grandview Golf Club in York told the group at the second hole they were playing too slowly.
After the ninth hole, an hour and a half later, she says they were told they took too long a break and needed to leave.
She says she and two other women left because they were so rattled by the treatment.
The club called police on the two women who remained. No charges were filed.
Club co-owner JJ Chronister has said she called the women personally to “sincerely apologize.”
Harrison says she's still traumatized and hurt.
Video
Artist Liz Akins suffers from a compulsive skin picking disorder called Dermatillomania.
After getting anxious when using public transport she discovered drawing is the best distraction from the disorder.
When she travels she now uses newspapers to create art and gives them to fellow travellers for free.
As part of Scratch the Surface's mental health arts festival she gave out free art on Coventry buses.
Entertainment of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: mynewsgh.com
2017-10-07
Prince David Osei
With roles he has been known to have been playing in movies, the ordinary Ghanaian who cries and prays when a character in KumKum Baghya is in trouble will certainly tag him as a bad boy.
But the actor, Prince David Osei has asked Ghanaians and followers worldwide not to tag him as a bad boy because of his roles he plays in movies.
Speaking in an interview with NEWS-ONE, he stated emphatically:
“I feel I owe the fans to see the humorous part of me. Most people think I am too serious and a bad boy, so this character I am playing is a departure from all those perceptions. I am also one of the executive producers of this movie, first time producing in America.”
On what he has been up to, he said he has been shooting a couple or more TV series in the States but he is not allowed to talk about them as they are against contract rules.
“I have done a couple of movies and TV series here in the States, but as it's a requirement of my contract I am not obligated to give details until it's out or time for promotion, that is why I couldn't put any picture up.
“At the moment, I am shooting in Mary Baltimore a movie whose storyline is inspired by me, for my production house PDO Productions. It is titled ‘American Hustlers' starring myself, Joseph Benjamin and Bayo Olawiye.
“It is a highly hilarious blockbuster comedy, I am really challenging myself,” he said.
Wayne Ellington understands what it's like to hide pain and anger with a smile.
Four years ago, just after helping lead the Lakers to their first win of the season, Ellington learned as he was walking to his car that his father had been shot to death back home in Philadelphia. Less than two weeks later, following his father's funeral, Ellington went back to work, playing basketball for a living.
Sunday, when he and Hassan Whiteside, Rodney McGruder, Josh Richardson, Bam Adebayo and coach Erik Spoelstra visited with friends and family members of those slain in Parkland, site of last month's horrific school shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High that left 17 dead, the 30-year-old veteran said the feeling of loss came rushing back to him.
“It hit me personally in a spot where I got pretty emotional at certain points,” Ellington said Monday as the Heat (37-33) was preparing to host the Denver Nuggets (38-32) at AmericanAirlines Arena.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
“Just seeing some of the parents and understanding that smile that they're putting on, there's a lot of hurt and there's a lot of maybe anger and there's a lot of uncertainty — a lot of emotions that they have going on inside of them. I was just glad that we were able to come and put a smile on their faces for a few minutes in that little moment of our day. That felt good to be able to do that.”
We spent our Sunday taking over the Parkland Rec League Basketball Championship.
We helped to honor the lives of Joaquin Oliver, Luke Hoyer, and Alex Schacter with scholarships in the names of each student and a $500,000 donation from @UltimateHCM #ParklandStrong! pic.twitter.com/EpWNbkgUbc — Miami HEAT (@MiamiHEAT) March 19, 2018
Wearing “Parkland Strong” shirts, Ellington and his teammates watched a recreational league championship basketball game, which was coached on one side by the father of Joaquin Oliver, one of the 14 students killed in the massacre. Spoelstra was the honorary coach for the other team.
The Heat then presented a $500,000 donation from Ultimate Software, a team sponsor whose patch is on the Heat's uniform this season, to the Broward Education Foundation to create scholarships in honor of Oliver and fellow students Luke Hoyer, and Alex Schacter, who also died in the shooting.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 66 Heat assistant coach Chris Quinn breaks down Bam Adebayo's 29-point performance Pause 45 Pat Riley: James Johnson is a playmaker, 'can get better' 178 Pat Riley talks about Dion Waiters 64 Assistant Chris Quinn shares his thoughts on Bam Adebayo's second summer league game 114 Okaro White talks after Heat's summer league debut loss to Hornets 143 Bam Adebayo discusses his Miami Heat summer league debut 45 Summer league player Gian Clavell happy for opportunity with Heat 58 Heat coach Erik Spoelstra disappointed with lack of recognition for Rodney McGruder 13 Heats Adebayo looking for team improvement during summer league season 96 Okaro White talks about rookie Bam Adebayo's first practice Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Dwyane Wade made a $200K donation to help students march on Washington March 24. Manny Navarromnavarro@miamiherald.com
Spoelstra said the Oliver and Schacter families have already attended Heat games as special guests. The Hoyer family will be coming to Monday's game, he said.
“This tragedy hit the whole South Florida community,” Spoelstra said. “When we mentioned a few weeks ago that our hearts are really with all the families, the kids, the teachers, the administration up in Parkland, we just want to let them know we're here for them. Our best way to show that is just to be there not only in spirit, but physically. Because it's not going away and the emotions are not going away.”
Dwyane Wade was the first Heat player to visit Parkland. He showed up on campus at Douglas March 7, the day after Miami played a game in Washington.
Wade and his wife, actress Gabrielle Union, donated $200,000 to help youth from his hometown of Chicago to attend the March 24 “March for Our Lives” event in Washington spearheaded by Douglas students. He then helped put together the “Parkland 17” art exhibit in Wynwood even extending the exhibit an extra weekend.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 66 Heat assistant coach Chris Quinn breaks down Bam Adebayo's 29-point performance Pause 45 Pat Riley: James Johnson is a playmaker, 'can get better' 178 Pat Riley talks about Dion Waiters 64 Assistant Chris Quinn shares his thoughts on Bam Adebayo's second summer league game 114 Okaro White talks after Heat's summer league debut loss to Hornets 143 Bam Adebayo discusses his Miami Heat summer league debut 45 Summer league player Gian Clavell happy for opportunity with Heat 58 Heat coach Erik Spoelstra disappointed with lack of recognition for Rodney McGruder 13 Heats Adebayo looking for team improvement during summer league season 96 Okaro White talks about rookie Bam Adebayo's first practice Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Dwyane Wade talks about the nationwide student walkouts to honor Parkland victims and demand stricter gun laws on March 14, 2018. Manny Navarro.mnavarro@miamiherald.com
“We are so very inspired by the actions the kids are taking and we want to help those microphones and megaphones get bigger and louder to create change,” Spoelstra said. “But [Sunday] was a very special day because we were able to spend time with the families who lost their sons. You can't even imagine or relate and we just wanted to be there with Hoyers, Schacters and the Olivers. We just wanted to show them we were there for them — especially as time goes on and the pain doesn't go away. The more support they can get, we'll provide that.”
Said Ellington: “It was an unbelievable experience. It was heartfelt. Obviously, just to be around all those kids that went through that traumatic experience and then to be around the families. They showed unbelievable strength. Those families, even being able to be out and go to that league that their kids played in and having the strength to be around it and do it for them and understanding that their kids are there with them even though they're not there physically. It was tough for me. I held back a lot of tears, for sure. So I can't imagine how they were feeling. Like I said, they just showed incredible strength.”
Ben Vereen apologizes after sexual assault claims surface The claims against the Broadway legend came from several women.
Musical 'Hair' could be revived in LA in all its naked glory One of the show's original producers, Michael Butler, is quietly asking investors for $2.5 million to mount a 10-week production in Los Angeles.
Ben Vereen must pay up in bizarre divorce mix-up Ben Vereen will have to pay a woman he divorced more than 40 years ago $10,000.
‘Pippin' star Ben Vereen, a ‘grits-and-oatmeal guy,' hits NYC He was born in Miami, raised in Brooklyn and says he currently lives “in a suitcase” — but Ben Vereen seems most at home on Broadway. The Tony-winning star of...
Mark Chapman is joined by former Newcastle striker Alan Shearer and former Tottenham midfielder Jermaine Jenas to discuss Manchester United's dominant performance against West Ham and question if Jose Mourinho's side can win the title this season.
WATCH MORE: Lukaku & Matic improve Man Utd - Mourinho
Video
A shopkeeper fought off armed robbers with chilli powder at his store in Luton.
The Tech FMLA (Feminist Majority Leadership Alliance) announces the 11th annual community production of “The Vagina Monologues” for 2018 in Lubbock, February 15th & 17th. Funds raised through donations will benefit residents at the Lubbock Women's Protective Services. All faculty, staff, students and members of the Lubbock community are welcome to attend. Tickets are $5 and can be purchased ahead of time. Contact texastech.fmla@gmail.com for tickets. For mature audiences only.
Times:
Thursday, February 15th: Doors open at 4:45pm
Saturday, February 17th:
Afternoon Showing: Doors open at 2:30pm
Evening Showing: Doors open at 6:30pm
There will also be an art auction and resource fair at 6pm both Thursday and Saturday evening
*All showings in Escondido Theatre
What are The Vagina Monologues?
The Vagina Monologues is a set of different monologues written by Eve Ensler based on interviews with real women of all backgrounds, each dealing with the aspect of the feminine experience. These monologues touch on female experience with sex, love, rape, menstruation, common names for vagina, etc. with the overlying theme of the vagina being a tool of female empowerment. In 2011, Ensler was awarded the Isabelle Stevenson Award at the 65th Tony Awards, which recognizes an individual from the theatre community who has made a substantial contribution of volunteered time and effort on behalf of humanitarian, social service, or charitable organizations.
The Vagina Monologues is used as the centerpiece of V-Day: A Global Activist Movement to End Violence Against Women and Girls. It is based on real women's stories, allowing women hearing the stories know that they are not alone in their own experience. It helps people who have experienced violence heal. It inspires people – women AND men - to get involved in V Day's efforts to stop violence. It removes the shame often associated with the word “vagina” and the vagina itself and instead celebrates the word and celebrates women.
What is Women's Protective Services?
This year students, faculty, staff and Lubbock community members are proudly planning, organizing, and raising funds for the Women's Protective Services (WPS). Women's Protective Services of Lubbock, Inc. (WPS) is a 501 (c)(3) non-profit organization specializing in advocacy for women, men and children who have experienced domestic violence. WPS has been serving Lubbock TX and the surrounding communities since 1978. Women's Protective Services is a community based program supported by volunteers. The services provided at WPS are free and confidential. Services are available without regard to race, sex, handicap, national origin, color, religion, sexual orientation, or income.
? The Mission of Women' Protective Services of Lubbock, Inc. is to create an environment of empowerment for women, children and families and to eliminate family violence.
? Today, WPS is the only agency that provides crisis intervention, emergency shelter, and support services to battered women and their dependent children in a 10,500 square-mile region, with a population of over 325,000. The WPS target area includes the 12 West Texas counties of Bailey, Cochran, Crosby, Dickens, Garza, Hockley, King, Lamb, Lubbock, Lynn, Terry, and Yoakum. WPS serves over 3,000 clients a year and offers them shelter and support services for as long as they need.
Can I Help?
Join the many volunteers planning, coordinating and performing the Vagina Monologues to help raise awareness and funds to end violence.
• Contact: texastech.fmla@gmail.com
The controversial PSA blood test can save some men's lives from prostate cancer, an influential federal panel said in new screening guidelines.
Every man between the ages of 55 and 69 is advised to talk to their doctors about taking the prostate-specific antigen blood test, according to recommendations released Tuesday by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed New Guidelines for Prostate Cancer Screenings 1:46 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The draft of the guidelines signals a major shift in prostate screening advice for men, which in 2012 discouraged testing for healthy men of any age. The task force recommends that doctors have a conversation with their male patients who don't have signs or symptoms of the disease about the benefits and drawbacks of taking the prostate-specific antigen blood test. Because prostate cancer is often a slow-growing disease, the panel still recommends against the test for men 70 and older.
"The balance of benefits and harms is still close and so that's why we're recommending that every man between the ages of 55-69 talk to his doctor ... and then make his own decision after these discussions," Dr. Kirsten Bibbins-Domingo, chair of the USPSTF and professor of medicine at the University of California San Francisco Medical Center, told NBC News. "It's really a personal choice."
Related: New Reports May Help Men Choose Prostate Cancer Treatment
A Small Benefit
Previously , medical evidence suggested that routine screening did not save lives and might lead to treatments that could cause incontinence, impotence and pain for men. The 2017 draft of the recommendations is based on new findings which tracked the effectiveness of PSA testing in clinical trials. After following patients for a longer period of time, it was shown that for every 1,000 men screened, one to two lives were saved.
"We are more confident about the benefits of screening," said Bibbins-Domingo. "We now think, on balance, there is a small benefit."
Almost 240,000 new cases of prostate cancer are diagnosed each year. It killed over 25,000 men in 2016. While some men may have symptoms, such as trouble urinating or back pain, for most the disease is silent.
The new guidelines bring the task force more in line with other groups — such as the American Urologic Association, the American College of Physicians, and the American Cancer Society — which have still encouraged patients and doctors to discuss the test.
Related: Study Finds New Ways to Know if Prostate Cancer is Dangerous
However, the task force recommendations typically carry the most weight with doctors.
"I am very positive on their new recommendation," Dr. Otis Brawley, chief medical officer for the American Cancer Society, told NBC News.
Rise of 'Active Surveillance'
The blood test isn't a diagnosis of cancer and it isn't good at detecting whether high levels of protein-specific antigens — a substance made by both good cells and cancer cells in the prostate — indicate cancer or are harmless.
In the past, PSA tests indicated tumors in men, which may never have caused them problems. The results led to unneeded biopsies, radiation, or surgeries that had life-altering side effects.
According to the Mayo Clinic, factors that can raise a PSA level, but aren't cancer, include:
Ejaculation
Bike riding, possibly because the seat puts pressure on the prostate.
Older age: PSA levels normally go up as men age, even if there's no abnormality in the prostate.
Now, rather than invasive treatments, men are more often just watched closely by their doctors.
"Because of the rising use of active surveillance, some are getting more years of life without side effects," said Bibbins-Domingo.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ben Stiller Opens Up About Cancer: 'It's a Whole New World' 1:47 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Identify Lethal Cancers
Urologist Dr. Edward Schaeffer, an advocate for widespread prostate cancer screening, welcomed the new report.
"These revisions will increase our opportunity to identify cancers with lethal potential," said Schaeffer, chair of urology at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine and Northwestern Medicine. "With active discussions between physicians and patients, individuals will be able to make the right decision for themselves."
Schaeffer, who treated the actor Ben Stiller for aggressive prostate cancer, led a controversial 2016 study that found cases of metastatic prostate cancer — the type that has started to spread in the body — nearly doubled in men aged 55 to 69 since 2004.
Report: Cases of Aggressive Prostate Cancer on the Rise
Some patients such as African-Americans or those with family history of prostate cancer are at risk of developing aggressive disease at a younger age. The panel made no special recommendations for these groups.
Dr. Therese Bevers, medical director for Cancer Prevention at the MD Anderson Cancer Center, said that some men are often poor advocates for their health and may still not ask about their PSA. Now, primary care doctors may bring up the test more.
"There will be new discussions that did not previously occur in the primary care setting," Bevers told NBC News.
Anthony Serritella is a medical fellow with NBC News. He is currently a medical student at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine.
Braehead Clan are still in the hunt for the final play-off place, while Fife Flyers deliver a thumping win for Fife Flyers in another weekend of Elite League action. Jonathan Sutherland reports.
For most of us, the iPhone 8 will arrive in a pristine box, as if it's materialized out of nowhere to land in our local Apple Store. Things are a bit different if you're working on the iPhone production line, however. A pair of new videos which has shown up on Chinese social media gives []
(via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens)
LARAMIE, Wyo. — Nate Grimes had a career-high 20 points to go with 12 rebounds as Fresno State thundered past Wyoming 80-62 on Saturday afternoon.
Fresno State sprinted to an early lead and went into intermission holding a 46-30 advantage. The Bulldogs finished with the largest victory margin in their history in a Mountain West road game.
The last time these teams met was last season when Wyoming took a 102-100 victory in four overtimes.
Wyoming had won four straight Mountain West games, including a 104-103 double overtime win over then No. 23 Nevada, before encountering the Bulldogs. The Cowboys have won six overtime contests this year, tying an NCAA Division I record.
Grimes made 8 of 11 field-goal attempts and Jaron Hopkins added 16 points with three steals and a block. Deshon Taylor had 15 points with three steals as Fresno State (16-8, 6-5) swiped the ball 10 times.
Hayden Dalton had 20 points and 11 rebounds for Wyoming (15-8, 6-4).
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An 86-year-old Croydon man who received groundbreaking stem cell treatment for macular degeneration says he feels "so lucky" to have his sight back.
Douglas Waters and a woman in her early 60s who has chosen not to be named took part in a clinical study using genetically engineered tissue implanted into the eye.
Age-related macular degeneration is the most common form of sight loss in the UK and leads to rapid loss of central vision.
Both patients successfully regained their reading vision from barely being able to read at all.
Mr Waters said: "In the months before the operation my sight was really poor and I couldn't see anything out of my right eye.
"I was struggling to see things clearly, even when up-close.
"After the surgery my eyesight improved to the point where I can now read the newspaper and help my wife out with the gardening.
"It's brilliant what the team have done and I feel so lucky to have been given my sight back."
It is the first time an engineered piece of tissue has been successfully used to treat people with sudden severe sight loss.
The study into AMD - a condition which affects more than 600,000 people in the UK - is a major milestone for the London Project to Cure Blindness.
Researchers believe it could lead to an "off-the-shelf" treatment within five years.
The study, published in the journal Nature Biotechnology, was the result of a partnership between Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, the UCL Institute of Ophthalmology, and the National Institute for Health Research (NIHR).
Professor Lyndon da Cruz, consultant ophthalmologist at Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, said: "The results suggest that this new therapeutic approach is safe and provides good visual outcomes.
"The patients who received the treatment had very severe AMD, and their improved vision will go some way to enhance their quality of life.
"We recognise that this is a small group of patients, but we hope that what we have learned from this study will benefit many more in the future."
The study investigated whether the diseased cells at the back of the patients' affected eye could be replenished using a stem cell patch.
A specially engineered surgical tool was used to insert the patch under the retina in the eye of each patient in an operation lasting one to two hours.
The patients - who went from not being able to read at all, even with glasses, to reading 60 to 80 words per minute with normal reading glasses - were monitored for 12 months and reported improvements to their vision.
Professor Pete Coffey, from the UCL Institute of Ophthalmology, said: "This study represents real progress in regenerative medicine and opens the door on new treatment options for people with age-related macular degeneration.
"We hope this will lead to an affordable 'off-the-shelf' therapy that could be made available to NHS patients within the next five years."
Cathy Yelf, chief executive of charity the Macular Society which donated £100,000 to help fund the research in 2008, said: "We know how challenging this project has been over the past 10 years.
"Of course it's still in its early days and there needs to be bigger trials to test whether this is effective in more people. But, it's an exciting step along the way and we're extremely proud to have been able to fund this project in its early days."
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. — Jordan Barnes and Brenton Scott combined for 43 points, including a key 3-pointer by Scott inside the last two minutes, as Indiana State rallied from nine points down in the second half to defeat Indianapolis 79-75 on Saturday.
Barnes hit a career-best seven 3-pointers on his way to scoring 23 points — topping 20 points for the third straight game. Scott finished with 20, 13 in the second half, and Indiana State (4-5) was 11 of 26 from 3-point range. Scott and Barnes have each scored 20 or more in the last two games. Emondre Rickman added 11 points and nine rebounds.
Eric Davidson led Division II Indianapolis with 18 points, Trevor Lakes scored 14 and Tate Hall 12. The Greyhounds had 15 assists on 26 made baskets, but were 8 of 22 from 3-point range.
Indianapolis had tied at 73-73 when Rickman pulled down an offensive rebound and Scott made a 3 and the Sycamores took the lead for good.
FILE- In this Thursday, March. 23, 2017 file photo, Brazil's Paulinho celebrates his hat trick during a 2018 World Cup qualifying soccer match against Uruguay in Montevideo, Uruguay. Barcelona says it has reached a deal with Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande to buy Brazil midfielder Paulinho for 40 million euros $47 million).
NEW YORK (AP) — McDonald's says it has reached a settlement with a U.S. labor agency over a lawsuit that could have decided if the fast-food company should be liable for hiring, pay and other decisions made at its franchised restaurants.
The lawsuit, filed in 2016 by the National Labor Relations Board, contended that McDonald's should be considered a "joint employer" with its franchises. But the settlement, if approved by a judge, would squash that.
NLRB did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
McDonald's Corp., based in Oak Brook, Illinois, says the settlement is the first step toward ending "wasteful multi-year litigation."
By Radio.com Staff
Mariah Carey's manager, Stella Bulochnikov, blasted Dick Clark Productions over her client's botched performance on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve broadcast earlier this week.
Related: Mariah Carey Shades Ariana Grande, Demi Lovato
In a statement to Billboard, Bulochnikov said that Carey's in-ear monitors weren't working ten minutes before the performance. “They then changed the battery pack, and they were still not working on the frequency four minutes before the show. We let them know again, and they just kept counting her down and reassuring her that they will work as soon as they go live, which never happened — at which point she pulled them out but could not hear the music over the crowd.”
Bulochnikov added, “After the show, I called [Dick Clark Productions'] Mark Shimmel and I said, ‘What the f— happened?' He said, ‘Let me call you back,' then called me back and confirmed the in-ear [monitor]s were not working and asked if I would make a joint statement. I said, ‘No way.' I asked him to cut the West Coast feed. He said he could not do that. I asked him why would they want to run a performance with mechanical glitches unless they just want eyeballs at any expense … It's not artist friendly, especially when the artist cut her vacation short as a New Year's Eve gift to them.”
Dick Clark Productions released its own statement, saying that the flub wasn't their fault. “In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television, however, an initial investigation has indicated that dcp had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance. We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge her tremendous accomplishments in the industry.”
Carey has since addressed the flub with a humorous tweet, saying “S— happens.”
NEW YORK, NY (WAVE) Monday night was a huge night for former Ballard star, Jordon Adell. The graduating senior was picked 10th by the Anaheim Angels in the major league baseball draft. A dream come true for the son of a college football player. Jo says he's ready to show what he can do. "This is unbelievable. I'm just really blessed to be in this situation and be here with my parents, and to have this full experience. I can't wait to get out to LA and meet up with those guys. The fan base is crazy. My big thing coming into this, I just wanted to be somewhere where I'm wanted, and that's what I feel with this organization," Adell told MLB Network.
Copyright 2017 WAVE News . All rights reserved.
TORONTO — The grandson of 80-year-old Dorothy Sewell says she was one of the people killed in the horrific van attack in Toronto.
Elwood Delaney of Kamloops, British Columbia, says his grandmother was an avid sports fan who “almost had as much love for the Blue Jays and Leafs as she did for her family.”
He says in a Facebook message that Sewell was the “best nan anyone could have asked for.”
Another victim has been identified as Anne Marie D'Amico, who worked at a U.S.-based investment firm.
Two Korean nationals, a Jordanian man visiting relatives in the city and a female student at Seneca College were also among the dead.
Police say 10 people have died and 14 were injured in the attack on Monday.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia — A Chinese company building a key rail link in Malaysia says it has been told to suspend work pending negotiations. It urged the new government elected two months ago to honour the contract.
The suspension Wednesday came a day after the government called for a sharp reduction in cost for the 688 kilometre (430 miles) East Coast Rail Link.
Officials say the project's actual cost is 81 billion ringgits ($20 billion), nearly 50 per cent more than estimated by the previous government.
China Communication said Wednesday the suspension could add to costs, losses and damages. It called for a “win-win situation” in negotiations and urged the government to “honour and respect” the deal.
The project is part of China's regional “Belt and Road” infrastructure initiative.
Don't lose hope in PDP, Dickson urges party faithful
Bayelsa State governor, Mr Seriake Dickson, has urged Peoples Democratic Party, PDP faithful, not to lose hope in the party, as the “PDP will bounce back.”
Speaking on the lingering PDP leadership crisis, in an interview, Dickson called on those defecting from the party to desist forthwith, noting that PDP is a national institution that must not die.
The governor said: “Nigeria is in dire need of a strong political party in government and a strong opposition party which we are currently lacking as the Progressives Congress, APC, is also enmeshed in crisis.”
Governor Dickson, who is the Chairman of the PDP National Reconciliation Committee, said that he was speaking out of concern, following the decampment of PDP members to other parties as well as reports of PDP leaders floating an alternative political platform.
According to him, if PDP leaders had accepted the reconciliation template formulated by his committee, a unity national convention would have held this month to elect its national leadership, and this, he believes, would have put to rest the leadership crisis rocking the party.
The governor lamented that some party leaders opted for the court option, which he stressed, can only adjudicate and not reconcile feuding parties.
Dickson said political leaders in Nigeria exert too much pressure on the judiciary by failing to do things rightly and by failing to build consensus.
“The implication is that Nigerian politicians have become more militant than the military and it is not supposed to be so. I advised political leaders to stop relying on the judiciary to resolve what is essentially an internal party affair, as the internal dispute can best be resolved through a political solution.”
Commenting on the October 1 quit notice to Igbos by the Arewa Youth Coalition, the governor commended the Northern Governors and their Eastern counterparts for rising in unison to condemn the quit notices and hate comments.
According to him, the Nigeria Governors Forum was worried about the state of the country and has consequently set up a committee for which he is a member to intervene, to give hope to the people of Nigeria and resolve conflicts where ever they arise, including the farmers/herdsmen clashes, which he contended was a major security threat.
The Federal Government, he said must deliberately build confidence amongst all the peoples, give a sense of belonging to all component parts and deliberately, return sovereignty to the people to stem the tide of quit notices to Ndigbo and agitations for secession by the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, which he believes are threats to the corporate existence of Nigeria.
The post Don't lose hope in PDP, Dickson urges party faithful appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A century of science: globalization of scientific collaborations, citations, and innovations
A century of science: globalization of scientific collaborations, citations, and innovations Dong et al., KDD'17
This is more of a general interest paper as a light-hearted way to end the week. A team at Microsoft conducted analyses on the Microsoft Academic Graph to understand the changing nature of science over the course of the last century. The overall graph contains more than 100M publications, and the largest connected component has 53M authors, 1.2B author collaboration links, and 795M citation links. The authors within that component published a collective 90M papers.
Some key findings:
Scientific publication is on an exponential growth path, doubling every 12 years
Papers increasing have more authors, and collaborations between authors are becoming increasingly international.
Science has become increasingly globally diverse
The changing nature of scientific collaboration
A century ago, the global science map looked like this (red circles are most-cited institutions, blue lines represent collaboration between institutions):
Whereas today it looks like this:
We see a similar story if we zoom in on Europe:
Underlying growth
Behind these charts is a story of exponential growth, with the number of scholars producing papers doubling every 11 years, and the number of papers published doubling every 12 years. We're well on our way to 10M published papers a year from the look of this chart!
If you dig a bit deeper though, you'll find that individual scientists are no more productive (as measured by papers!) than they used to be: the average scientist publishes two papers a year, and that number has stayed fairly constant. Since the numbers of collaborators on any given paper has been going up though, the papers-per-author rate when looking at the field as a whole is actually going down.
From the perspective of collaboration, we find that the average length of a publication's author list tripled between 1900 and 2015, suggesting an increasingly collaborative scientific process. We discover that the rate of international collaborations has increased 25-fold over the past 116 years, revealing the globalization of scientific collaborations.
Citations
Paper reference lists have been getting steadily longer, from 2-3 references in the 1900s, to an average of 30 references today. Of course, there's also more prior work available to cite these days.
Scientists are also looking further back in time for their references (perhaps to cite the foundational papers in an area?). The start of peer review in the 1960s is another factor here.
Because reference lists are getting longer, it's not totally surprising that citations per paper is also increasing:
If we look at the top 1% most cited publications each year, they are responsible for about 25% of all citations within the year. (I'd expect this distribution to follow Zipf's law or similar).
Top institutions
Between 1900 and 1924, the most cited institutions were Harvard, Johns Hopkins, Cambridge, and the University of Chicago. Today the honours go to Harvard, Max Plank Society, National Institutes of Health, the French Center for Scientific Research, and Stanford.
In addition, the gap between institutions in Asia and Australia and the top-most institution in the world – Harvard – has decreased from the last century to the current, demonstrating the rapid rise of scientific impact in the Asia-Pacific region during the past 16 years.
Since readers of this blog are probably interested in computer science (or very bored!), here are the 2017 QS world university rankings for computer science. The ranking very much depends on your criteria of course, here's another list compiled by the Times Higher Education Supplement: Computer Science world university rankings 2016-17.
WASHINGTON — A D.C. Council member apologized for a social media post in which he claimed that Jewish financiers control the climate.
The Washington Post reported Sunday that Trayon White Sr. (D-Ward 8) posted a video to his official Facebook page as snow flurries were hitting the nation's capital.
He said, “D.C. keep talking about ‘We are a resilient city.' And that's a model based off the Rothschilds controlling the climate to create natural disasters they can pay for to own the cities.”
White apologized, saying he didn't realize his remarks were anti-Semitic.
The newspaper reported Monday that White contended that the Rothchilds' control the World Bank and the federal government, making those remarks during a February gathering of top officials.
The Rothschilds are a famous European business dynasty that has been subject to anti-Semitic conspiracy theories.
——
Information from: The Washington Post, http://www.washingtonpost.com
By The Associated Press
Dee Ann Andretti, the wife of famed driver Mario Andretti and matriarch of one of the most prominent families in motorsports, has died. She was 76.
Andretti died Tuesday, a few weeks after suffering a heart attack. Grandson Marco Andretti announced her death on social media , posting: "RIP Grammy Andretti. You will be missed." The IndyCar Series later confirmed her death.
Mario Andretti and Dee Ann Hoch met while she was teaching English to the Italy-born Andretti in Nazareth, Pennsylvania. They were married a few months later, in November 1961.
Dee Ann Andretti mostly stayed in the background and raised their three children while her husband became one of the world's most successful race car drivers.
She is survived by her husband, sons Michael and Jeff, daughter Barbie Dee and seven grandchildren.
More AP auto racing: https://racing.ap.org
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MANHATTAN, Kan. (AP) Kansas State is discussing a contract extension for basketball coach Bruce Weber, who was thought to be on the hot seat last season before guiding the Wildcats back to the NCAA Tournament.
University President Richard Myers said during a news conference Monday to introduce new athletic director Gene Taylor that he thought Weber was deserving of an extension. Weber has two years left on a deal that will pay him $2.15 million next seasons. Weber is 100-68 in five seasons with the Wildcats.
Taylor was hired last week to replace John Currie, who departed for a similar role at Tennessee. It was Currie who hired Weber to replace Frank Martin and subsequently signed him to two contract extensions.
Myers declined to discuss parameters of a contract extension.
—
More AP college basketball: collegebasketball.ap.org and twitter.com/AP-Top25
TAMPA, Fla. — Police in Florida are investigating an incident at a nightclub where a photographer said he was “sucker punched” by singer Chris Brown.
Tampa police spokesman Stephen Hegarty says 28-year-old Bennie Vines Jr. was hired by Aja Channelside to take photos during an event hosted by Brown.
Vines told officers that while he was snapping photos early Monday, Brown punched him. Brown was gone by the time officers arrived. Vines refused medical treatment and told officers he wants to prosecute because of a minor lip cut.
The club confirmed the incident on its Facebook page Monday and apologized to patrons.
Brown, singer of the hits “Run It!” and “Deuces,” completed probation in a 2009 felony assault case for an attack on singer Rihanna, his then-girlfriend.
An email to the representative listed on Brown's website was not immediately returned.
Photo
General Electric announced on Friday the departure of three senior executives, a further sign that John L. Flannery, the company's new chief executive, is moving quickly to chart a different course from that of his predecessor, Jeffrey R. Immelt.
The departing executives were senior members of Mr. Immelt's team. Two of the three, analysts say, were not surprising given their ages and the pattern of most chief executives to make management changes after assuming control.
The most striking move, they say, is the departure of Jeffrey S. Bornstein, vice chairman and chief financial officer. Mr. Bornstein, 51, was regarded as a potential successor to Mr. Immelt. After Mr. Flannery was chosen as the chief executive in June, G.E. said he and Mr. Bornstein would work closely in the transition and Mr. Bornstein was given extra financial incentives to remain with the company.
But Mr. Bornstein was G.E.'s top finance executive under Mr. Immelt. And the criticism by activist investors who lobbied for change, helping nudge Mr. Immelt into retirement earlier than expected, was that G.E. should have cut costs more aggressively and spent less on new initiatives, like a building up G.E. software business.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:10 Coconut Grove's one-of-a-kind King Mango Strut didn't disappoint in 2016.
0:30 Former Opa Locka commissioner Santiago leaves federal court
2:04 Thieves use sky lift to steal ATM in Texas
1:31 Midday slump at work? 3 moves that can boost your energy
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
0:56 Baby needs a new home
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease?
1:33 Feds break up largest Medicare scams in U.S. history
Obaseki bans private tax collectors in Edo
GOvernOr Godwin Obaseki of Edo State has announced the immediate prohibition of private tax collectors in the state The governor said in a statewide broadcast to the people that with effect from January 1, 2017, only employees of the state and local governments could collect taxes and levies in state. “I must quickly mention that […]
The post Obaseki bans private tax collectors in Edo appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Germany says it doesn't believe Bashar Assad can continue as Syria's leader under a future peace agreement.
Foreign Ministry spokesman Martin Schaefer says that Assad's forces capturing eastern Aleppo and other parts of northern Syria “strengthens the regime” and its hand in political negotiations.
But Schaefer told reporters in Berlin on Monday that Germany's assessment that “Assad can't play a permanent role in a peaceful future for Syria” hasn't changed now that his forces are blamed for 300,000 deaths in the six-year war.
Schaefer said opposition groups wouldn't accept any deal to form a transitional government unless Assad's powers were sharply curtailed.
Germany is involved in diplomatic efforts to forge a peace agreement in Syria and has contributed significant funds toward humanitarian relief for those affected by the conflict.
Girlguiding Rainbows from Lincolnshire South took over Belton House for the day to celebrate their 30th anniversary in style.
A total of 156 Rainbows from around the county attended, including girls from Grantham, Ingoldsby, Bourne, and Bytham.
The girls made bug hotels and bird feeders, went pond dipping in the Mirror Lake and bug hunting around the grounds. The girls built their own dens using logs from the grounds.
The Rainbows enjoyed blowing bubbles, collecting puzzle pieces and making faces using natural materials, as well as finding their way through Belton's maze gathering the history of Rainbows.
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Honolulu attorney Michael Green, right, sits with his client, the former Hawaii Emergency Management Agency employee who sent a false missile alert to residents and visitors in Hawaii, left, during an interview with reporters, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 in Honolulu. The ex-state employee says he's devastated about causing panic, but he believed it was a real attack at the time. The man in his 50s spoke to reporters Friday on the condition he not is identified because he fears for his safety after receiving threats. Jennifer Sinco Kelleher AP Photo
Giants WRs party with Justin Bieber, Trey Songz in Miami
The New York Giants beat Washington 19-10 on Sunday to run their record to 11-5, and then their wide receivers whisked down to Miami to party during their off day.
Social media postings showed Odell Beckham Jr., Victor Cruz, Sterling Shepard and Roger Lewis partying with Justin Bieber, Fabolous and Trey Songz at LIV nightclub early Monday morning. The team beat Washington late on Sunday and headed to Miami afterwards to celebrate the new year.
Video of Justin Bieber out in Miami, Florida this morning. (January 2) pic.twitter.com/ehs83DpvcP — JustinBieberCrew.com (@JBCrewdotcom) January 2, 2017
They were even pictured on a boat too, wearing Timberland boots no less:
So OBJ, Sterling Shepard, Victor Cruz, and Roger Lewis flew to Miami last night, went clubbing, and are on a boat. Living life. #Giants pic.twitter.com/SE6QqfuYfT — Justin Witmondt (@JustinWitmondt) January 2, 2017
The players have Monday off before needing to be back for practice on Tuesday. The Giants visit the NFC North-winning Green Bay Packers on Sunday in the wild-card round of the playoffs.
Their partying ways are reminiscent of the Cowboys going down to Cancun on their bye week and then losing, which has Giants fans concerned.
Here's another video which has some foul language:
#PressPlay: #TreySongz having fun with #OdellBeckhamJr and other #NYGiants teammates in Miami A video posted by The Shade Room (@theshaderoom) on Jan 2, 2017 at 11:53am PST
H/T Black Sports Online
Animal control investigators and Miramar police outside a home where a child was fatally injured when a dog bit her, police say. Joe Cavaretta Sun Sentinel
(Cleveland Police via AP). This undated photo provided by the Cleveland Police shows Steve Stephens. Cleveland police say they are searching for Stephens, a homicide suspect, who broadcast the fatal shooting of another man live on Facebook on Sunday, A...
(Cleveland Police via AP). This undated photo provided by the Cleveland Police shows Steve Stephens. Cleveland police say they are searching for Stephens, a homicide suspect who broadcast the fatal shooting of another man live on Facebook on Sunday, Ap...
By MARK GILLISPIEAssociated Press
CLEVELAND (AP) - Authorities in several states were on the lookout Monday for a man police say shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
"He could be nearby. He could be far away or anywhere in between," FBI agent Stephen Anthony said on Day 2 of the manhunt for Steve Stephens, a 37-year-old job counselor for teens and young adults.
Police said Stephens killed Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old former foundry worker, on Sunday.
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite the suspect's claim in a separate video on Facebook that he killed over a dozen people.
Officers searched dozens of places around the city and spoke with the suspect by cellphone, police said.
Police Chief Calvin Williams warned residents to be careful as the go about their day.
Authorities also warned people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be alert for Stephens, who was wanted on a charge of aggravated murder.
"We're going to make this individual's world very, very small," said U.S. Marshal Pete Elliott.
Godwin apparently was shot while out picking up cans in a plastic shopping bag, his daughter said.
"Not because he needed the money, it was just something he did," said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin. "That's all he was doing. He wasn't harming anyone."
She said her father, who had 10 children, was a gentle man with nothing mean about him. "We called him the junk man," she said. "He'd pick up things off the street and fix them. He picked up bikes and he fixed them."
The motive for the shooting wasn't entirely clear from the shaky video, in which Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, "She's the reason that this is about to happen to you." Godwin did not seem to recognize the woman's name.
The suspect then pointed a gun at Godwin, who shielded his face with the plastic bag.
The woman Stephens mentioned, Joy Lane, said in a text to CBS that "we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened."
She also said Stephens was "a nice guy" who was generous to everyone and was "kind and loving" to her and her children.
Facebook said the video was posted after the killing but wasn't broadcast on Facebook Live as police initially indicated. The suspect did go live on the social media site at another point Sunday.
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down. Stephens' Facebook page also was eventually removed.
"This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook," the company said. "We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety."
In the separate video, Stephens said: "I killed 13, so I'm working on 14 as we speak."
Police said they have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike, near Cleveland. He helped young people develop job skills and find employment, said Beech Brook spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer.
An extensive background check before he was hired turned up nothing worrisome, she said.
"We just hope Mr. Stephens is apprehended as quickly as possible so that no one else is injured," she said.
In one of the videos, Stephens could be seen holding up his employee identification and said: "I'm killing with my Beech Brook badge on, too."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Football matches can generate plastic waste, particularly from catering operations
Football leagues in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are being urged to stop using single-use plastic.
A House of Commons committee has written to the chairmen of the four leagues to encourage them to follow the example of England's Premier League.
It plans to phase out single-use plastics in its operations and supply chains over the next two years.
Plastic cups, bottles, bags, stirrers, trays and cutlery are all by-products of football matches.
The English Football League has 72 member clubs and is the single largest body of professional clubs in European football.
Labour MP Mary Creagh, who chairs the Environmental Audit Committee, has called on club chairmen to "mobilise the power of sport" in moving away from single-use plastic.
She also asked whether each league had considered introducing a bottle return scheme.
'Leadership'
"Plastic litter ruins our streets, chokes our seas and endangers wildlife," she said. "We all need to do our bit to tackle the scourge of plastic pollution.
"There is a huge opportunity for sports organisations to reduce the use of throwaway plastic at matches and encourage fans to reduce, reuse and recycle. I want the UK's football leagues to show leadership on this issue."
It comes after a series of announcements by the UK government and businesses to tackle the issue of plastic waste.
More than 40 companies have signed up to a pact to cut plastic pollution over the next seven years. The firms, which include Coca-Cola and Asda, have promised to honour a number of pledges such as eliminating single-use packaging through better design.
They have joined the government, trade associations and campaigners to form the UK Plastics Pact.
The signatories are responsible for more than 80% of plastic packaging on products sold through UK supermarkets.
One of the promises which companies, such as consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble and Marks & Spencer, have signed up to is to make 100% of plastic packaging ready for recycling or composting by 2025.
The suspect had been involved in an online discussion about Elliot Rodger, the man accused of carrying out a 2014 shooting rampage near Santa Barbara, California, that killed six people, the law enforcement officials said.
Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, who was already in Toronto for a meeting of G-7 security ministers, told reporters that after consulting with security and police agencies, he also believed that the attack wasn't a terrorist incident.
"On the basis of all available information at the present time, there would appear to be no national security connection," he told reporters Monday night.
Saunders agreed that while he couldn't rule out anything so early in the investigation, terrorism didn't appear to have been involved.
"Yes, the city is safe," he said, adding, however, that investigators would be at work for a long time.
"This is not over," Saunders said. "We are far away from being over."
Graphic images from the scene showed at least two bodies on the ground near what appeared to be blood.
One witness, Diego DeMatos, said he saw several pedestrians on the ground, surrounded by crowds of "screaming and crying" people.
"The driver was swerving back and forth between the sidewalk and the road," said DeMatos, 23. "I saw where the van hit two people and then kept going."
Another witness, Phil Zullo, told the Canadian Press that he saw police arresting a man who had been driving a Ryder rental truck and that he witnessed people "strewn all over the road."
The van used to kill 10 pedestrians in Toronto on Monday. Cole Burston / Getty Images
"I must have seen about five, six people being resuscitated by bystanders and by ambulance drivers," Zullo told the news agency. "It was awful. Brutal."
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said in Ottawa: "Our hearts go out to anyone affected."
In a statement late Monday, the White House pledged any support Canada might need. "The United States stands with the Canadian people in the aftermath of today's tragic event in Toronto," the statement said. "Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those affected, and we wish a full recovery to those injured."
This short, animated video provides a quick introduction to VMware vSAN including use cases and a few of the key technical features and benefits.
This video is from the fine folks at VMware Storage.
Image copyright Glasgow Life Image caption The Burrell Collection building in Pollok Park first opened in 1983
A major refurbishment of the Burrell Collection will receive £5m of funding from the Scottish government.
The "internationally significant" museum in Glasgow's Pollock Park temporarily closed in October 2016.
The A-listed building is undergoing a £66m refurbishment programme, expanding the display space and improving visitor facilities.
Earlier this week the National Lottery confirmed a £15m contribution to the project; the UK government gave £5m.
Glasgow City Council has also pledged up to 50% of the total cost.
Announcing the funding, Culture Secretary Fiona Hyslop said: "The Burrell Collection is a world-class and internationally significant museum, with many rare and wonderful items. Not only that, but the building in Pollok Country Park is also a much-loved architectural gem.
"Currently only 20% of the collection is on public display at any one time and these substantial refurbishments will enable a much more significant part of the collection to be exhibited.
"I am pleased we can contribute £5m towards ensuring that the building becomes a fitting 21st Century home for the Burrell and I look forward to the museum re-opening in 2020."
Image copyright John McAslan + Partners Image caption The basement of the building is to become part of the exhibition space
The Burrell Collection of more than 9,000 items was gifted to the city of Glasgow in 1944 by Sir William Burrell.
It reflected his lifelong passion for arts and history and has been described as one of the greatest gifts the city ever received.
It is run by Glasgow Life, on behalf of Glasgow City Council.
Councillor David McDonald, chairman of Glasgow Life, said: "This is fantastic news and we are very grateful to the Scottish government for what is a ringing endorsement of our ambitious plans for the refurbishment and redisplay of the Burrell Collection.
"Sir William's great legacy has been described as the greatest gift a city has ever received and we have a duty to protect and promote the collection in the years ahead.
"Our plans will provide a world-class home for the 9,000 treasures, massively increasing access and enjoyment of the collection for generations to come."
SAN FRANCISCO — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick told employees on Tuesday he will take an undetermined leave of absence from the company, following the release of a highly anticipated report on Uber's workplace culture.
Kalanick said it's part of turning the page on what has been the most tumultuous period in the company's eight-year history as it has faced allegations of sexual harassment, misconduct, departing executives and Kalanick's own realization that he needs leadership guidance. It also comes just a short time after his mother died in a boating accident and his father was seriously injured.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Uber's Scandal-Plagued 2017, Explained 1:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"For Uber 2.0 to succeed there is nothing more important than dedicating my time to building out the leadership team. But if we are going to work on Uber 2.0, I also need to work on Travis 2.0 to become the leader that this company needs and that you deserve," Kalanick wrote in the email to employees.
"During this interim period, the leadership team, my directs, will be running the company. I will be available as needed for the most strategic decisions, but I will be empowering them to be bold and decisive in order to move the company forward swiftly," he said.
Related: Uber's Board Accepts Holder Recommendations, Discusses CEO's Future
The report, the result of a months-long investigation by former attorney general Eric Holder, made a number of recommendations to Uber's board during a six-hour meeting on Sunday. Those recommendations were unanimously approved by the board, including the call to "review and reallocate" some of Kalanick's responsibilities to other senior managers. So when Kalanick returns, it's likely he'll have a diminished role.
Also on the agenda: Completing the search for a chief operating officer who can act as a "partner" to the CEO, helping to steer the company in the right direction.
Two investigations were commissioned in February after Susan Fowler, a former Uber engineer, published a blog post where she alleged that she was propositioned for sex on her first day on the job, was repeatedly blocked from advancement, and found Uber's human resources department unwilling to take action on sexual harassment claims she and other female employees filed.
Thank you so much everyone for all of the kind messages today. Don't forget that you can make a change too. It only takes one person! — Susan J. Fowler (@susanthesquark) June 13, 2017
A report from law firm Perkins Coie resulted in 20 people being fired as of June 6th. Two employees were to be given additional training, and five more were issued final warnings.
Holder's report focused on the company's culture and structure, making recommendations at a macro level. Uber posted the full list of those recommendations on its website, saying that implementation would "improve our culture, promote fairness and accountability, and establish processes and systems to ensure the mistakes of the past will not be repeated."
Many of the recommendations also focused on holding managers accountable to ensure that any employee complaint goes through the proper chain of command and is thoroughly investigated.
Those measures include performance reviews and compensation to hold senior leaders accountable. The Holder report recommends managers and anyone who interviews job candidates also undergo training.
The report also recommends Uber implement "a robust and effective complaint process" that includes several avenues for raising an issue. The company should also "invest in appropriate human resources tools, including complaint tracking software."
Uber is also expected to double down on its diversity efforts, including resume reviews, better targeting of diverse talent pools, supporting employee diversity efforts, and rewarding managers who "are achieving success with diversifying their organization."
The Holder report also focused on work-life balance and ways Uber can attract and retain top talent. Several of the suggestions mentioned include scheduling catered employee dinners earlier in the evening and allowing employees to have flexible work schedules, allowing for some remote work.
MONROE, La. — Frank Bartley IV had 22 points to lead Louisiana to its 20th win of the season, beating Louisiana-Monroe 80-59 on Saturday to remain undefeated in Sun Belt Conference play.
This was the earliest date in school history for the Ragin' Cajuns to reach the 20-win mark. Louisiana (20-3, 10-0) has won 20 games for the fourth time in the past five years. The win also gives Louisiana 16 straight Sun Belt wins over two seasons.
The Ragin' Cajuns will face Georgia State, the second-place team, on Thursday.
Malik Marquetti had 17 points, JaKeenan Gant added 14 with six blocks and Johnathan Stove and Bryce Washington chipped in 12 apiece for the Ragin' Cajuns.
Louisiana shot 55 per cent (29-53) from the floor, while limiting ULM to 22-of-58 shooting (38 per cent).
The Ragin' Cajuns jumped out to a 20-8 lead and took a 38-33 advantage into the break. They pushed their lead to 62-40 and coasted home.
Jordan Harris had 16 points and Travis Munnings 14 for the Warhawks (9-12, 3-7).
Jane's Addiction frontman Perry Farrell has been creating an insane Las Vegas show that will debut in August 2019
The concept behind it isn't easy to explain, but it involved holograms and virtual reality, and Farrell says that the idea came to him in a dream.
It will definitely top Lollapalooza by far!
To read more click here !
Kim Kardashian West has more nudes on the way – but not the kind of nudes you'd expect from the reality star. This time she is launching traditional lipsticks for every skin tone. The nude lip is a staple in Kim's makeup routine. She likes to wear it with everything from her signature brown smokey eye to occasional colorful makeup looks. It turns out that the star has been secretly testing a new lipstick formula for months.
“OMG I've been wearing these for months now! My favorite Nude lipsticks & lip liners launching June 8th kkwbeauty.com The creamiest long-lasting lipstick formula (8 lipsticks and 3 liners!!!) Can't wait for you to see my packaging!” Kardashian West wrote on Instagram.
Believe it or not, Kim started wearing her unreleased lipsticks at New York Fashion Week in September. According to the beauty mogul, when she posted a photo of her at the Alexander Wang Show, everyone from fans to makeup artists was asking what lipstick and lip lipliner she is wearing. This was definitely a sign that her first official lipstick collection for KKW Beauty will be a huge success.
KKW Beauty is about to launch 8 lipsticks with an ultra-creamy formula. The nude color range goes from pale nude to reddish and browner tones. There are also a few shades that are on the cool side, unlike many nude lipsticks that only have warm undertones. Altogether Kim Kardashian West is launching a nude for every skin tone. There are also 3 lip liners for fans to get the exact Kardashian nude pout. The lipsticks are set to launch on June 8. Kim only offered a sneak peek of the packaging. Just like all of KKW Beauty products, the packaging is in pale pink and on the minimal side.
This is not the first lipstick launch for KKW Beauty. Just recently the celebrity-owned beauty brand dropped one nude bullet lipstick and two glosses as a part of the KKW X Mario collaboration. Last year, Kim also launched a set of four nude liquid lipsticks in collaboration with her younger sister's brand Kylie Cosmetics. At this year's Met Gala she teased one of the shades, sporting a darker lip liner and lighter nude lipstick. In the past, Kardashian West announced that lipsticks were the product she was most excited to launch in 2018. June 8 is the date when we'll have a chance to see why Kim, who has tried probably every single high-end nude lipstick under the sun is so excited about this launch.
Photo Credit: KKW Beauty
By WILL Grave
AP Sports Writer
The coordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics has stepped down, the latest departure to rock the embattled organization in the wake of a sexual abuse scandal centered on former team doctor Larry Nassar.
Valeri Liukin said Friday he was stepping down after taking over for Martha Karolyi in September 2016.
Liukin said in a statement that while he wanted to help turn the program around, "the present climate causes me, and more importantly my family, far too much stress, difficulty and uncertainty."
USA Gymnastics did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Its board of directors stepped down earlier this week under pressure from the United States Olympic Committee.
The USOC announced Friday it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation into decades-long abuse by Nassar, a longtime doctor for USA Gymnastics and Michigan State University who is awaiting sentencing for assault charges against athletes at a Michigan gym. Nassar has already been sentenced to up to 175 years in prison on similar charges in a separate case completed last week and was previously sentenced to 60 years in prison on child pornography charges.
Liukin, a four-time Olympic medalist while competing for the Soviet Union, is the father of 2008 Olympic all-around champion Nastia Liukin. He is the longtime owner of World Olympic Gymnastics Academy in Texas and served as the elite development coordinator for USA Gymnastics from 2013 until taking over for Karolyi shortly after the 2016 Olympics.
Liukin says it's time for him to move in a different direction right now, but he will still support and encourage athletes and coaches from a different vantage point.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Talks on preparing a summit with the US are under way in New York, Singapore and on the Korean border.
The Greenfield Police Department has released the following information:
Dec. 8
ARRESTS/CITATIONS
James Pauley, 47, Greenfield, was arrested for domestic violence.
Mark Parr, 48, Greenfield, was arrested for a probation violation.
John M. Smith, 26, Bainbridge, was arrested for burglary.
Brad Oiler, 39, Greenfield, was arrested for failure to appear.
INCIDENTS
At 5:49 p.m., Community Market, Greenfield, reported subjects fled the store without paying for merchandise.
At 10:49 p.m., a resident in the 600 block of South Street reported a theft.
Dec. 9
ARRESTS/CITATION
Steven Hudson, 57, Greenfield, was issued a citation for failure to control and operating a motor vehicle under the influence of drugs and or alcohol.
INCIDENT
At 2:17 p.m., a resident in the 600 block of Dickey Avenue reported a theft.
At 5:11 p.m., a resident in the 600 block of Dickey Avenue reported someone entered their residence without permission and removed property.
Dec. 10
ARRESTS/CITATIONS
Gerald Jackson Jr., 35, Washington Court House, was arrested for burglary.
Tomie Showman, 34, Greenfield, was arrested for telecommunications harassment.
Anthony Hawkins, 53, Greenfield, was arrested for violation of a court order.
INCIDENT
At 1:11 a.m., a resident in the 300 block of Lafayette Street reported a
theft.
A look back at the safety of HoCo In response to past critiques, the board of directors attempted to improve security during Homecoming
In response to the underrepresentation of reps and security staff at Post Malone, the McMaster Students Union beefed up security for Lil Yachty and the Strumbellas.
The call for the MSU to update students about its increased security measures came when Sabra Salim, caucus leader (Science), put forward a motion at the Student Representative Assembly on Sept. 24.
While the initial motion asked the board to outline what changes they were making to Homecoming and other events, the amended motion that passed asked that the MSU release a statement before Homecoming highlighting all safety measures.
“The changes made for Homecoming in light of Post Malone are absolutely necessary,” said Salim. “It is our responsibility as a union to fill in the gaps by the university. Whether this looks like having a chill zone by [the MSU Women and Gender Equity Network], having more and better quality security or more [Emergency Medical Services] on-site, it is a pre-requisite for the MSU to learn from what hasn't worked before so as to improve,”
In the Sept. 28 issue of the Silhouette, Chukky Ibe, MSU president, outlined the board's efforts to improve Homecoming security. A notable change included the moving of concert grounds away from Faculty Hollow to John Hodgkins Engineering Field, accommodating for the expected increase in students.
“We have been working closely with McMaster Security Services and Hamilton Police Services to double the amount of security staff present at the venue, ensuring that students have a safe environment to enjoy the concerts,” said Ibe.
The board was also able to ensure that the MSU Emergency First Response Team was supported by Hamilton EMS, volunteers from MSU WGEN were available to assist students and staff from Campus Events and volunteers from the Maroons received bystander intervention training prior to Homecoming.
In addition, D'Souza was unable to speak to how police and security staff were trained to handle disclosures and causes of assault.
“At Lil Yachty, there were a lot more cops on campus and near the venue,” said Faris Mecklai, a first-year arts and science student who saw both Post Malone and Lil Yachty perform.
It should be noted, however, that Ibe did not provide specific numbers in his letter. The numbers of security staff, on-site EMS, volunteers and police present at the concerts, for instance, were omitted. In addition, aside from noting that the MSU was working to double the amount of security at Homecoming, Ibe did not explicitly compare security numbers to those at Post Malone.
When repeatedly asked for a comparative quantitative breakdown of the number of security staff, on-site EMS and police officers at the homecoming concerts, Daniel Tuba D'Souza, vice president (Finance), repeated Ibe word-for-word, not disclosing any numbers.
In addition, D'Souza was unable to speak to how police and security staff were trained to handle disclosures and causes of assault.
The board's lack of transparency may not be the only indication that the MSU could have done more to maximize student safety last weekend. During his show, Lil Yachty told all the women in the audience who wore a C-cup bra size to directly message him.
“It was really weird after Lil Yachty's C-cup remarks as he blatantly said he wanted to sleep with Mac students,” said Mecklai, who notes that the MSU or the university should have communicated with Lil Yachty prior to the concert.
“At that point I was really creeped out…. I didn't feel unsafe but I'm a guy and I'm not sure how girls in the crowd felt.”
While its efforts to improve security at Homecoming made a tangible difference, the MSU needs to continue to increase transparency and communication.
Comments
Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem
Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season'
1:07
BBC Sport takes a look back at the 2017 Special Olympics Great Britain National Summer Games in Sheffield.
About 2,600 athletes of all ages with intellectual disabilities competed in the multi-sport event from 7-12 August.
WATCH MORE: How sport changed life of teen cyclist
WATCH MORE: Sheffield ready to host Special Olympics
READ MORE: Special Olympics: 'You've got to try to win it all'
The J Show
Carmen is calling to stand up for her cousin because she thinks he is cheating on her! Carmen wants to lay down the rules to not mess with her family. Will he confess??
One of five black women golfers who say they were told to leave a Pennsylvania club says it felt like they were "playing with targets on our backs."
Sandra Harrison says representatives of the Grandview Golf Club in York told the group at the second hole they were playing too slowly.
After the ninth hole, an hour and a half later, she says they were told they took too long a break and needed to leave.
She says she and two other women left because they were so rattled by the treatment.
The club called police on the two women who remained. No charges were filed.
Club co-owner JJ Chronister has said she called the women personally to "sincerely apologize."
Harrison says she's still traumatized and hurt.
By The Associated Press
New York (AP) — Silver futures trading on the NY Merc Wednesday:
(5,000 troy oz.; cents per troy oz.)
A MAN who stole three cheese curry chips and three battered sausages from a fast food outlet in West Limerick has been fined.
Dwayne Ward, with an address at Castlesheppard, Ballingarry, Roscrea, Tipperary, placed a phone order at King Kebab, Church Street, Abbeyfeale, on Sunday night, July 9, 2017.
The order, worth €18, was for three cheese curry chips and three battered sausages.
The defendant went in to collect the order and ran out of the shop without paying, Newcastle West court heard.
The 23-year-old has 42 previous convictions, mostly from the last five years, including theft, arson, and criminal damage, the court heard.
He was in custody on another matter when he appeared in Newcastle West court with prison officers.
The defendant pleaded guilty to the theft. Gardai told the court that he made full admissions and cooperated upon his arrest.
Solicitor Michael O'Donnell said that he sent his father-in-law down to the establishment afterwards to pay €50 for the meal, but the payment wasn't accepted.
Judge Mary Larkin said: “Taken on its own it's not the most serious offence, but in the context of his record it is serious.”
She referred to the defendant's youth, and the fact that he had built up such a criminal record relatively early into adulthood.
Because the man is due to remain in prison for the next 18 months for separate offences, the judge said: “I hope you use your time well over the next year and a half. You are very young. Do you want to be doing this for the rest of your days?”
She fined the man €300.
Image copyright Sotheby's Image caption The map is expected to sell for between £100,000 and £150,000 when it is sold on 10 July
The original illustrated map of The Hundred Acre Wood, which featured in the opening pages of A.A. Milne's Winnie-the-Pooh, is to be auctioned.
Described by Sotheby's Dr Philip Errington as "probably the most famous map in English literature", it will go on sale with four other illustrations.
The E.H. Shepard images have not been seen in public for nearly 50 years.
They are estimated to fetch between £310,000 and £440,000 when they go on sale at the auction house in July.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption E.H. Shepard created illustrations for A.A. Milne's two books Winnie-the-Pooh and The House at Pooh Corner
The map illustration was first sold by Sotheby's in 1968, where it fetched £650, before the auction house sold it again to a private collector two years later for £1,700.
One of the other illustrations shows Christopher Robin and Pooh saying their goodbyes, while the others feature Eeyore, Rabbit and a game of Pooh sticks.
The map, which also features in the Disney film released in 1966, is expected to sell for £100,000 to £150,000, according to the auction house.
You may also be interested in:
The auction comes amid an increased interest in illustrations from collectors, according to Sotheby's senior specialist Dr Errington
"They've never been brought out in the UK or the US with illustrations by anyone else apart from EH Shepard and that is the power, and ability of the illustrator, and why this is probably the most famous map in English literature," Dr Errington said.
A.A. Milne was born in Hampstead, London, in 1882.
He had a string of hit plays and edited magazines before creating the Pooh books in the 1920s while he lived in Ashdown Forest, near Hartfield in East Sussex.
Shepard and A.A. Milne worked together on four books - Winnie-the-Pooh (1926), The House at Pooh Corner (1928), a poem about the bear in verse book When We Were Very Young (1924) and Now We Are Six (1927).
'Christopher Robin', a new film based on Milne's characters, is due to be released by Disney in August.
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed' Pause
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
3:06 What the heck is going on in the NC Legislature?
1:33 First Baby of 2017
0:54 Solar Farm under construction in Robeson County
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant
1:31 Protesters voice their opinions outside CMPD HQ
1:54 Wind farm projects changing landscape in eastern North Carolina
2:01 South Carolina residents will automatically live in North Carolina as of Jan. 1
Image copyright Getty Images
Litter enforcement company Kingdom have had their contract extended by 12 months by Conwy council.
Members were deadlocked on proposals to extend the contract by six months or one year.
Kingdom has been the subject of controversy over its dealings with the public.
Flintshire council recently voted to terminate its relationship with the environmental services company.
Officers told members of the meeting that Kingdom staff in Conwy county had been "polite and courteous at all times" as they carried out their duties.
However the company was at the centre of a row in the county earlier this year after people were fined for dropping litter at Zip World Forest, despite it being private land.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Concern was raised about the number of fines Kingdom hands out to people for dropping cigarette butts compared to other littering offences
Other councils in North Wales have been reconsidering their relationship with Kingdom amid claims of "overbearing behaviour".
A report before councillors warned: "Without a contract extension... the consequence would be a loss of net income overall of around £200,000 with no environmental enforcement and only a very limited amount of promotional work."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The firm said it had permission from Conwy Council to be at Zip World as the litter could blow on to public land
Glyn county councillor Chris Hughes supported the extension of the contract, saying he had heard very few complaints about Kingdom.
He said: "I understand there are a lot of concerns and there are a lot of issues.
"I think there would be as many if not more issues if we ceased to deliver a service, and I don't understand where the money would come from to continue the service bearing in mind the austerity agenda that we have to deal with."
Mostyn county councillor Greg Robbins said: "I don't think there is anybody sat in this room today who doesn't want to see enforcement.
"However, there are concerns about the current contract and we have not been given costed alternatives.
Both proposals were tied at eight votes each with the casting vote from committee chairman Councillor Nigel Smith favouring the one year option.
An injured demonstrator receives first aid after being injured by a shotgun blast during clashes with the police, as he was protesting against Nicaragua's President Daniel Ortega, in Managua, Nicaragua, Monday, May 28, 2018. Violence returned to Nicaragua when riot police confronted protesters and students seized a university. Esteban Felix AP Photo
MILAN — A lone gunman targeted foreigners in a drive-by shooting spree Saturday in a central Italian city, wounding six people, one of them with life-threatening injuries, before being arrested.
The suspect's motive wasn't immediately clear, but the city of Macerata in the central Marche region is still reeling from the gruesome killing and dismemberment of a young Italian woman this week, allegedly at the hands of a Nigerian immigrant.
Police said all those wounded were foreigners and they later confirmed the arrest of a suspect identified as a 28-year-old Italian with no previous record. A video posted by the newspaper il Resto di Carlino showed a man with an Italian flag draped over his shoulders being arrested by armed Carabinieri officers in the city centre, a short distance from where he apparently fled his car on foot.
Macerata Mayor Romano Carancini said that six foreigners were wounded in the two-hour shooting spree, one of them with life-threatening injuries.
Carancini confirmed that all of the victims were black, and acknowledged that “the closeness of these two events makes you imagine that there is a connection.”
The shooting spree came days after the killing of 18-year-old Pamela Mastropietro and amid a heated electoral campaign in Italy where anti-foreigner sentiment has become a key theme. The head of the anti-migrant Northern League, Matteo Salvini, has capitalized on the killing in campaign appearances, and is pledging to deport 150,000 migrants in his first year in office if his party wins control of parliament and he is named premier.
The teen's dismembered remains were found Wednesday in two suitcases, two days after she walked away from a drug rehab community.
The news agency ANSA reported that the car was seen in the area where the woman's body was found and also near where the suspect lived. A video posted by il Resto di Carlino Video showed appeared to be a body on the ground on a shopping street.
Police had warned people to stay inside while the shootings were ongoing. Authorities ordered public transport halted and that students be kept inside schools, which are open on Saturdays.
Italians vote in the general election on March 4.
Chip Ganassi and Kyle Larson have a most unique relationship that transcends most other owner-driver unions.
When Larson won the A-Main last Wednesday at the Knoxville Nationals, it put him in the championship race on Saturday.
But Larson admitted a bit of hesitation when it came time to ask Ganassi for permission to fly from Michigan International Speedway after Saturday's final practice.
As it turned out, Larson finished a career-best second at Knoxville and followed it up with his third consecutive Cup win at MIS.
But there was a point in Sunday's race that Ganassi started questioning himself for allowing Larson to go to Iowa.
“I was questioning myself in the middle of the race,” Ganassi said. “I was getting ready to take a lot of heat in the media for that, if we didn't have a good day.
“I don't want to do something that'll slow him down, and you run the risk of that when you have a talent like that that wants to go drive other kinds of cars and things.
“I've never been a team owner that keeps my drivers from driving other types of cars. You want to do the best you can for the guy all the time and do what you can do.”
In a sense, Larson paid Ganassi back for his faith in him and allowing the Knoxville trip by winning Sunday.
“I think our guys saw the opportunity in front of them with how much exposure I could get if I ran the Knoxville Nationals. I think Chip also understood that,” Larson said. “There's been so much exposure this week behind me, and to run good at both races will hopefully help us in the search for a replacement sponsor at the end of the year.
NASCAR America analyst Jeff Burton concurred with Ganassi's ultimate decision.
“I think you have to let him race,” Burton said. “I think that when you have a guy like Kyle Larson's that's young, wants to go race other cars and has proven he can do both successfully, I think it's okay.
“But there will come a time that when it comes to winning a championship, Kyle needs to focus on what he needs to focus on. And if Kyle can do both and that makes him better on Sunday, then it's all good.
“What Chip has to decide is that what he does on Saturday night help him on a Sunday afternoon. If there's ever a question that it doesn't help him, then Saturday nights will cease.
“You have to be successful on Sunday afternoons if you want to continue your career. It hasn't been a problem yet, but if you start to see a decline and performance and those kinds of things, I think they'll have to have a conversation.”
On another front, Larson and Ganassi are almost like son and father, rather than driver and owner.
That's why with such a close relationship, Larson would likely never go anywhere else because Ganassi gives him so much latitude.
But admittedly, even with their relationship, Larson was still a bit nervous when it came time to ask Ganassi if he could race Saturday night in the sprint car main event in the Knoxville Nationals, where he eventually finished a career-best second place.
Ganassi's reaction when Larson won Sunday was one of the best seen in NASCAR in a long time.
Not only did Ganassi almost choke crew chief Chad Johnston in joy, he practically gave Larson a concussion when he hit him in the head, also in joy, on the front stretch.
Watch our crew's analysis on that, as well, and their thoughts on where Ganassi's reaction ranks among other celebrations this season.
In the regular season, the most goals the Cards scored in a game was nine. Their two biggest wins were against Detroit Lakes in a 7-0 win Dec. 1 and a 9-1 win Jan. 17.
In Tuesday's matchup, forwards Kristin Trosvig and McKenna Ellingson each made hats rain on the ice, as Trosvig had a hat trick and two assists, while Ellingson netted three, as well, and added a helper.
Junior Calley Richardson contributed a four-point night, chipping in three assists and scoring the game's opening goal at the 6:38 mark of the first period.
The opening frame was a slow one for both sides, but Alexandria grinded away and tired out the Lightning, which was caught on a few long consecutive shifts and was had to ice the puck several times just to get fresh skaters on the ice.
The Cardinals wore them down, but only had a 2-1 lead after the first period, as the teams exchanged goals in the final two minutes.
Trosvig scored her first of the game with 1 minute, 12 seconds left, and Sydney Tietz answered 23 seconds later by finding the net behind senior goalie and assistant captain Sarah Finley – the only goal she would allow on the night.
Finley had been sidelined for three weeks after suffering an ankle injury, but it didn't seem like she missed a beat.
“It's so exciting,” she said of being back between the pipes. “I was really eager to get back in the net after being out for three or so weeks. It definitely felt really good to be back.”
She didn't see much excitement in the defensive end in the second period, though, as she only faced one shot and the Cardinals completely took over the game.
“After the first period I told them we played with nerves that period,” head coach Molly Arola said. “We weren't playing our game, we weren't getting our feet moving and we were gripping the stick a little too tight. After the first period we buckled down and were able to pull away from there.”
After three minutes in the middle period, goals from Alexis Heckert and Ellingson had made it 4-1. By the end of the period, Josie Minnerath and Trosvig also scored, and the game was in the Cardinals hands.
Megan Pesta and Marki Oberg found the net in the third, along with Ellingson scoring her second and third and Trosvig finishing her hat trick with the game's last goal at the 14:16 mark to win it 11-1.
Alexandria didn't play Northern Lakes in the regular season, so going in, they didn't know much about how good they would be.
“It's a huge relief, a big weight off your shoulders,” said senior McKenzie Revering after the win. “Obviously going into the game playing the number-three seed, it could be a close game. After we started scoring it was just relieving that we were playing well.”
Revering is the other senior captain who was injured this season. She spent almost the whole regular season rehabbing her knee after surgery on a torn ACL she suffered in the fall. She has been working her way back into full-playing-time shape.
“It's been feeling really good lately,” she said. “I'm not really thinking about my knee (when I'm playing). I'm more thinking about my lungs and my legs not being in shape yet from not playing the whole year. The knee part of it is going really well. Every time I get on the ice I feel a little bit better than the last.”
Revering assisted Trosvig's first-period goal, and she contributed a lot in the defesive zone.
“It was so good to play with McKenzie Revering again and to be back on the ice with her,” said Finley. “I definitely missed that.”
The two senior captians hope to play with each other for more than just one more game.
The Cardinals face off against Fergus Falls for the Section 6A Championship on Thursday at the St. Cloud Municipal Athletic Center (MAC) with the winner advancing to the state tournament at the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul.
“We have a lot of momentum now going into the game,” Revering said. “We were kind of in a drought for awhile with goals and it's nice to be back on top. It's a good feeling going into the section final game. We were kind of missing the feeling of scoring and now we got it back.”
ALEXANDRIA 2 4 5 - 11
NORTHERN LAKES 0 0 0 - 0
FIRST PERIOD - 1, ALX, Richardson (Unassisted), 6:38; 2, ALX, Trosvig (Revering, Richardson), 15:48; 3, NL, Tietz (Unassisted), 16:11
SECOND PERIOD - 4, ALX, Heckert (Anna Doherty), 1:24; 5, ALX, Ellingson (Mayson Toft), 2:41; 6, ALX, Minnerath (Doherty), 14:37; 7, ALX, Trosvig (Ellingson), 16:48
THIRD PERIOD - 8, ALX, Pesta (Unassisted), 4:55; 9, ALX, Ellingson (Trosvig, Richardson), 7:07; 10, ALX, Oberg (Pesta, Talia Olson), 8:43; 11, ALX, Ellingson (Trosvig), 10:17; 12, ALX, Trosvig (Richardson), 14:16.
GOALTENDING - Alexandria, Finley (W) - 15 saves, 1 goal allowed; Northern Lakes, Chaia Tulenchik (L) - 28 saves, 11 goals allowed, L
NEW YORK — Quinton Adlesh scored 17 of his 20 points in the second half when Columbia charged back to hand Harvard its first Ivy League loss, 83-76, Friday night.
Adlesh made four of his five 3-pointers in the second half. Lukas Meisner added his third career double-double with 16 points and 10 rebounds. Kyle Castlin and Mike Smith also scored 16 points, with Smith getting 14 in the second half. Patrick Tape added 10 points for the Lions (5-13, 2-3).
The Crimson (10-11, 4-1) led the entire game until the Lions rattled off a 20-3 run with Adlesh scoring eight points to lead 58-49 with 12:26 left. Columbia kept the lead with Castlin sinking four free throws and Smith two in the final 1:07. Columbia shot 60 per cent in the second half and 54 per cent for the game with 11 3-pointers.
Seth Towns scored a career-high 31 points for Harvard with six of the Crimson's 16 3-pointers.
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – East Tennessee State University officials announced that one of their own was drafted by the Atlanta Braves on Wednesday.
According to an ETSU news release, ETSU junior catcher Hagen Owenby, of Knoxville, Tenn., was selected by the Braves in the 12th round of the 2017 Major League Baseball First-Year Player Draft.
Owenby was the 350th overall pick.
The following is the full ETSU news release:
East Tennessee State University junior catcher Hagen Owenby (Knoxville, Tenn.) was selected by the Atlanta Braves in the 12th round of the 2017 Major League Baseball First-Year Player Draft on Wednesday. Owenby was the 350th overall pick. This marked the second straight year Owenby heard his named called, as the Buccaneer All-American was drafted in the 14th round (435th pick) by the Pittsburgh Pirates in 2016. Owenby – who started all 59 games for the Blue and Gold in 2017 – hit .346 (81-for-234) with 12 doubles, one triple, 13 home runs, 40 walks, 54 runs and 51 RBI. The Knoxville, Tenn. native registered .573 slugging and .438 on-base percentages – both marking team bests. The Buccaneer slugger also led the team in home runs, walks and RBI. Owenby – a two-time first team All-Southern Conference selection – ranked second in the SoCon in walks, fourth in total bases (134), tied for fourth in home runs, ranked sixth in on-base percentage, tied for seventh in runs, ranked eighth in hits, and ninth in RBI and slugging percentage. Owenby reached base in 23 straight games from Feb. 19-April 2 and reached base safely in 55 of the 59 games this season. In his first three seasons with the Bucs, Owenby is hitting .347 (222-for-640) with 39 doubles, one triple, 37 home runs, 126 runs, 89 walks and 149 RBI. The Buccaneer All-American also has a career slugging percentage of .584 and on-base mark of .426. The Knoxville, Tenn. native won the TD Ameritrade Home Run Derby last July en route to becoming the second Buccaneer to claim the honor. The MLB Draft concludes on Wednesday with rounds 11 through 40. Click here to follow the MLB Draft Tracker. For more information on Buccaneer baseball, please visit ETSUBucs.com and click on the baseball link.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
A hit-and-run killer who celebrated his birthday in prison on social media just three months after being locked up has been labelled “so disrespectful” by the mother of his four-year-old victim.
Aidan McAteer marked his 24th birthday by posting on Instagram an image of a card apparently from fellow inmates in which he is called HMP Birthday Boy.
Violet-Grace Youens
In May, he was jailed for nine years and four months after he drove a stolen vehicle at 80mph in a 30mph zone and hit Violet-Grace Youens and seriously injured her grandmother Angela French, from Golborne, in St Helens.
He left both his victims lying in the road in March this year and within hours was on a plane to Amsterdam before he later gave himself in after his own mother made a public appeal to him to come back to the UK.
The Liverpool Echo reported McAteer had posted more than a dozen images on Instagram since his sentence, which were thought to be made on a mobile phone smuggled into prison.
Bringing a mobile phone into prison or transmitting sounds or images from within a prison using a mobile phone can carry a maximum sentence of two years in prison.
Floral tributes where Violet-Grace Youens was fatally injured in a hit-and-run crash in St Helens
Prison officials are investigating the matter.
Writing on Facebook, Violet-Grace's mother, Rebecca Youens said: “Well happy birthday to you Aiden Macateer... nice how you are actually alive and can hug your mum and contact friends and family on your birthday.
“My beautiful innocent Violet-Grace who you killed, you child killer, is reduced to ashes ... you are so disrespectful, and obviously do not care what you have done.
“If you had to see the images and have the nightmares I have on a constant basis maybe you might have a slight insight to our pain and suffering!!! Your (sic) not sorry, only sorry you were caught.
“If you must know, I have a big birthday coming up, which I cannot face to celebrate without my baby girl. I just about get through each hour!!! We are eagerly awaiting her headstone, instead of shopping for her school uniform.
“Oh and her birthday is not far away in the autumn ... she would be 5, and settling into Reception class with all her friends. Instead they are traumatised by your actions and scared ‘the bad man will get them too'!!!!”
She added: “You have not learned your lesson ... only a few months in prison and already breaking the rules and disrespecting my daughter who you killed!!!
“You are evil and I hope one day you realise the devastation and carnage you have caused.”
Violet-Grace's father, Glenn, also wrote on Facebook: “You've got no remorse what so ever. You got out of the car and you stepped over Violet's lifeless body in the road and ran off while other people was running to help her!!!
“While she was in a hospital bed after 3 cardiac arrests and was unable to breathe or her heart beat for herself, you are in Amsterdam “smoking weed to clear your head” what kind of man are you!!!
“I hope MOJ make an example of you and not let us down for having a phone in prison and give you more time than just an extra 3 months as we all have a life sentence, and anything extra you get inside is no less than you deserve.”
Image caption The games bring together young athletes aged 14-18 from the 52 countries of the Commonwealth.
A decision on whether NI can host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games has been pushed back until December.
The collapse of the Northern Ireland Executive meant funding for the games was not released on time.
A handover ceremony due to be held at the end of the 2017 games in the Bahamas in July was cancelled.
The Commonwealth Games Federation (CGF) has given the NI Commonwealth Games Council (NICGC) until 15 December to determine if it can go ahead.
The CGF's executive board issued a statement following a meeting in Colombo in Sri Lanka.
The statement welcomed the "continued support from the Northern Irish sporting community, and empathised with the circumstances surrounding the legislative assembly and executive".
Image caption Commonwealth Games Federation president Louise Martin said they remained 'optimistic'.
The organisation's president, Louise Martin, said: "With four years to go…. we are optimistic that all partners will soon come together to realise their shared legacy ambitions for this special event."
The Commonwealth Youth Games brings together young athletes aged 14-18 from the 52 countries of the Commonwealth.
Previous host countries have included Samoa, the Isle of Man and India.
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption Carl Frampton is among those who have taken part in previous Games
Sports stars like Carl Frampton, Michael Conlon, Jessica Ennis Hill, Beth Tweddle and Louis Smith have all taken part in previous events.
The hosting rights were awarded to Northern Ireland in February 2016.
Northern Ireland has been without a functioning devolved government since January, when the coalition led by the two biggest parties, the DUP and Sinn Féin, collapsed over a botched green energy scheme.
1:53 Who's left Panthers QB Cam Newton starstruck? Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:33 First Baby of 2017
1:24 Dog rescued after being buried alive in Italian earthquake
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
Bambam of BBNaija Rakes In N25m From ‘Bam Beauty Oil' Launch
Ex-BBNaija housemate, Bamike Olawunmi, popularly called BamBam, on Monday evening launched a skin care product, “Bam beauty oil” to mark her 29th birthday and realized N25 million.
The event took place in Abuja, according to what she posted on her instagram page.
BamBam said that she sold the first 5,000 pieces of the product at N5,000 each and grossed home N25 million.
NAN reports that this happened about 24 hours after the end of the third edition of the 2018 BBNaija TV reality show titled “Double Wahala''.
She unveiled the product at a party bash hosted for her by Famouspotatoesng in Abuja late on Monday.
Also the family members of Teddy, another housemate in the BBNaija reality show as well as BamBam's other fans graced the party.
BamBam was one of the housemates in the just concluded TV reality show before her eviction from the house.
While Bambam was in the house, she was romantically involved with Teddy A who was her strategic partner.
But now, the pair appeared to have taken their love to another level, as Teddy A, organised a surprise birthday party for her.
While Bam Bam enjoys the benefits of being a part of the third edition of the 2018 BBNaija TV reality, her colleague, Cynthia Nwadiora, better known as Cee-C, was at the receiving end of fame.
It was gathered that Cee-C, who emerged as the first runner-up of the show, was physically assaulted when she landed the Murtala Mohammed International Airport yesterday.
The post Bambam of BBNaija Rakes In N25m From ‘Bam Beauty Oil' Launch appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A dramatic video shows the moments of chaos after a gunman began shooting at a congressional baseball practice on Wednesday.
At least 71 shots can be heard in the few minutes of footage taken by witness Noah Nathan just outside of the baseball diamond at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park. The gunfire is a mix of handguns and long rifle fire.
Viewers watch as Nathan continues to film as he ducks behind a trash can and tries to ascertain where the shooting is coming from.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Watch Moment Gunfire Erupted at GOP Baseball Practice 5:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Do we know where he's at?” Nathan can be heard asking. “I assume people have been calling 911 already.”
Law enforcement officers can be heard shouting in the video.
“Stay down, stay down,” they yell.
Later in the video a man can be seen lying in the middle of the baseball field. He isn't moving.
"Is that guy okay out there?" Nathan asks, looking through two wire fences. “Is that guy shot? Is he okay? Is anybody talking to him?"
Once the gunfire ends, a group of people gather around the man in the field. They appear to be checking on him.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and three others, not including the gunman, were hit by bullets. Scalise, who played second base for the team, remains in critical condition after getting out of surgery on Wednesday afternoon. The other victims suffered non-life-threatening injuries.
The gunman, identified by authorities as James Hodgkinson, 66, of Bellesville, Illinois, was eventually shot by law enforcement officers and was taken to a hospital where he later died.
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement? Pause
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:01 South Carolina residents will automatically live in North Carolina as of Jan. 1
1:34 North Carolina provides a tool to curb prescription drug overdoses, but most doctors don't use it.
1:31 Protesters voice their opinions outside CMPD HQ
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
SAN FRANCISCO — Max Levchin helped introduce the masses to the concept of a digital wallet when he co-founded PayPal in the late 1990s.
These days, he's still trying to use online services to reshape the world of finance. He is currently CEO of Affirm, a San Francisco startup that offers fixed-payment loans through the internet. It's an alternative to traditional credit cards, which can get consumers into trouble because small minimum payments they make each month can keep them in debt for decades.
Levchin, now 42, recently connected with The Associated Press to discuss the state of digital payments, computer security and bitcoin, a cryptocurrency whose value has ranged from about $1,000 to more than $19,000 this year as investors have bet on its future prospects. The interview has been edited for length and clarity.
——
Q: Are digital payments progressing as quickly as you hoped since you started PayPal?
A: They are moving at a good pace, adjusted for just how large and complicated the market is. It's highly regulated and there are a lot of things to be careful about. The elephant in the room for the last seven or eight years has been cryptocurrency. A big “what if” and “when if” has been surrounding bitcoin and its ilk.
Q: Why so?
A: The asset generally appreciated at such a blistering pace. Any time you acquire it, why not hang on to it? Because you just don't want to spend it yet. On the whole, it's a kind of transaction tool that is locked into areas where credit and cash don't really service the purpose. So you wind up finding it in somewhat darker corners.
Q: Do you invest in bitcoin?
A: I wound up with a lot of bitcoin as an early investor in one of the early bitcoin startups. But it wasn't a conscious decision to go buy a bunch of bitcoin.
I generally don't speculate. I am very old school in that sense. I try to understand how value is traded and what is going to happen to it in the very long term, not because I am a stranger to speculative investing. It's because I don't have time to time the market. So what I end up doing is committing to a stock or committing to a company.
Q: What are some of the most interesting areas of digital payments?
A: A good example is international remittances, where companies can pop up and do well. They're the guys who figured out how to do it much cheaper and much more transparently with much lower friction to both the recipient and the sender.
Q: Should we be concerned about hackers wreaking havoc with our financial system?
A: We should be worried broadly about our cybersecurity preparedness. I don't think it's specific to payments. It is just generally increasing the cost of doing business and reduces societal trust. And this is the first time in history where it's scary. Everything has got a chip. We are going to have to learn how to secure keys (secret codes for unlocking digital files and services).
Binatone Industries introduces music fan to market
By Naomi Uzor
LONDON –based Binatone Industries has introduced a new fan called “Ital 1660” into the Nigerian electronics market just as it called for massive investment in IT development to grow the country's economy.
Managing Director of Binatone in Nigeria, Mr. Prasun Banerjee, said during the official launch of the product, that the latest addition to its wide range of fans is the result of a constant desire to bring continuously better products to the Nigerian consumers.
He said the company engaged the renowned Italian designer, Gina Gianni, to design a fan that would enhance the decor of any household and become a talking point for any visiting guest, adding, “she worked closely with the Binatone engineers to ensure that good design was paired with outstanding performance and high reliability. The result is the spectacular ITAL-1660.”
“We are so excited to have this cutting edge product brought to the African and Nigerian consumer. With more than 50 years' experience in Africa, Binatone understands the African consumer better than any other organisation. We have identified that Africans like style. They are proud of their homes and want the most beautiful things to take a place of pride in their living rooms,” he said.
The post Binatone Industries introduces music fan to market appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TRUMP AGENDA: The latest news out of Charlottesville
From the Washington Post: “A man accused of plowing a car into a crowd of activists here — killing one person and injuring 19 — long sympathized with Nazi views and had stood with a group of white supremacists hours before Saturday's bloody crash. The alleged driver, James Alex Fields Jr., a 20-year-old who traveled to Virginia from Ohio, had espoused extremist ideals at least since high school, according to Derek Weimer, a history teacher.”
The AP sums up criticism of Donald Trump's response to the deadly violence.
“The development of Trump's statement Saturday afternoon offered a revealing window into how the White House works in such situations, according to two people familiar with the response,” writes the Washington Post. “They said that when Trump was first briefed on Charlottesville, he was told that various groups had entered the city and were protesting even though the white supremacists and neo-Nazis organized the rally and others were there to protest against them. That context — that many groups were involved in violence and not just white nationalists — quickly colored his thinking and prompted him to comment to others in broad terms about the crisis, the people said, speaking on the condition of anonymity to describe private conversations with White House officials.”
POLITICO notes the number of Republicans who stood up to Trump over his comments about Charlottesville.
Jeff Sessions said on TODAY that Trump “made a very strong statement that directly contradicted the ideology of hatred and violence.” (He also said that the president “has a right to scold his cabinet members if he's not happy with them.”)
This was remarkable, on Sunday's Meet the Press: Asked if he can work with Steve Bannon in the White House, H.R. McMaster would only say this: “I am ready to work with anybody who will help advance the president's agenda and advance the security, prosperity of the American people.”
Mike Pence is taking issue with “the fact that many in the media are spending more time criticizing how the president addressed the issue yesterday."
NBC's Marianna Sotomayor and Daniella Silva look at how Charlottesville is taking stock of itself after the deadly attack.
The New York Times reports that white nationalist groups are claiming victory. “Yet it is by no means clear what the demonstrations mean for the future of this movement and what, if any, lasting effect they will have. Will the overt displays of racism return the extreme right-wing to the margins of politics, or will they serve to normalize the movement, allowing it to weave itself deeper into the national conversation?”
Charlottesville's mayor is becoming one of Trump's strongest critics, the Washington Post reports.
POLITICO: “Inside President Donald Trump's White House, no one seems to be looking forward to September. Senior officials have described the coming month as "brutal," “bad” or “really tough” because of the confluence of complicated issues — but they also say it's pivotal to get the presidency back on course.”
The AP notes how critics of Rex Tillerson are questioning whether he has what it takes.
From the New York Times: “North Korea's success in testing an intercontinental ballistic missile that appears able to reach the United States was made possible by black-market purchases of powerful rocket engines probably from a Ukrainian factory with historical ties to Russia's missile program, according to an expert analysis being published Monday and classified assessments by American intelligence agencies.”
And don't miss this from over the weekend: “In a sign that the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election will remain a continuing distraction for the White House, the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, is in talks with the West Wing about interviewing current and former senior administration officials, including the recently ousted White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, according to three people briefed on the discussions.”
OFF TO THE RACES: One day until Alabama's GOP Senate primary
AL-SEN: The Alabama Senate race gets the NYT treatment: “Senator Luther Strange of Alabama wields an endorsement from the president of the United States, is the beneficiary of a multimillion-dollar campaign from allies of Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, and has the backing of influential conservative interest groups like the National Rifle Association. But Mr. Strange is wheezing into Tuesday's Republican Senate primary here. He is grasping to secure a second-place finish and a slot in a September runoff with Roy S. Moore, the twice-deposed former State Supreme Court justice and evangelical-voter favorite who is expected to be the top vote-getter but may fall short of the majority needed to win outright. Mr. Strange is in a political vise, pinched by his links to a pair of Republicans, one local and one national, held in low esteem by many in the party here: the disgraced former Gov. Robert Bentley, who appointed Mr. Strange, and Mr. McConnell.”
And in the Washington Post: “For Republicans, the Alabama contest is a snapshot of the party's churning base at this moment in the Trump presidency. In a deep-red state, the dominant squabbles are not over ideological purity — that GOP test of old — but over loyalty to Trump and over who has the most visceral connection with his core voters.”
Al.com looks at what a Strange loss would mean — and what kind of preview it could offer in advance of the midterms.
James Dobson endorsed Roy Moore.
VA-GOV: Here's Ed Gillespie's statement on the events in Charlottesville: “"Having a right to spew vile hate does not make it right. It is painful to see these ugly events in Charlottesville last night and today. These displays have no place in our Commonwealth, and the mentality on display is rejected by the decent, thoughtful and compassionate fellow Virginians I see every day. I know we all appreciate the law enforcement officials maintaining order and protecting public safety there."
And here's Ralph Northam: “To the white supremacists who terrorized Charlottesville this weekend: Go home and don't come back.”
One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school
Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
Stephen Miller warms up crowd of Trump supporters
Gardner pleased with her Mercer team
0:50
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
This image released by Warner Bros. Pictures shows Chris Pine, left, and Gal Gadot in a scene from, "Wonder Woman." The film, directed by Patty Jenkins, opens June 2. Warner Bros. Pictures via AP Clay Enos
Image copyright Google Image caption The crash happened near the Royal Oak pub in Hilltop, Beaulieu
A cyclist killed in a crash with a car in the New Forest has been identified following a police appeal.
The man, believed to be in his 60s, was fatally injured on the stretch of road near the Royal Oak pub in Hilltop, Beaulieu, at 18:45 BST on Saturday.
Hampshire Constabulary had released a description, including details of a dagger tattoo on the man's arm, in a bid to identify him.
The force said specialist officers were speaking to his family.
"We were contacted by a member of the public as a result of the media appeal," a force spokesperson added.
Police said they would release the man's name in due course.
As national confusion over the future of health care continues, an organization in Wyoming is pressing hospitals to be more transparent.
Twelve hospitals across the state participated in a survey by the Leapfrog Group, which works with the Wyoming Business Coalition on Health to evaluate providers in the state.
The assessment covered infection and injury rates, medication safety, and the quality of inpatient and maternity care. According to Wyoming's Leapfrog Program Manager Linda Witko, encouraging providers to evaluate the safety and quality of their facilities will lower the cost of health care by reducing accidents and misdiagnoses.
“It makes the hospital set up a set of protocols to re-evaluate each time something like this comes up to say, what could we have done differently to make sure this doesn't happen again. And if they are doing that, then they are cutting their costs,” Witko said.
But Wyoming Hospital Association Director Eric Boley said the state's readmission rates are pretty low. Most hospitals in the state are in step with the national average. Across the country, 15 percent of patients unexpectedly return for more treatment. Boley said, the reasons for the high cost (and price) of hospital treatment in the U.S. are complex and involve insurers as well as providers.
Hospitals are already required to complete assessments to meet federal regulations. Boley said many of those hospitals that opted out of Leapfrog probably didn't have the extra resources to devote to yet another survey.
“It's very, very labor intensive,” Boley said. “I've heard from some of my larger hospitals that it can take between 80 and 120 hours to complete the survey.”
For some smaller hospitals, Boley said, measures like the presence of an Intensive Care Unit unfairly downgrade the facility.
Witko said the standards are different for the state's small, “critical access” and full-service hospitals. And, she said, Leapfrog's results are more up to date and easier to interpret than assessments like Medicare's Hospital Compare. In a state where many people may only have access to one hospital, Witko said, they should be able to find detailed information about that facility.
Getting Started with Bookkeeping Software Using QUICKBOOKS - This class is designed for individuals who are new to bookkeeping and want to learn how to enter basic day-to-day transactions for their small business. We will also cover basic accounting concepts that are necessary to understand bookkeeping.
Presenters will use Quickbooks® throughout the day to demonstrate concepts on a specific case scenario, but computers will not be provided, and attendees will not be permitted to use their laptop to work on their own bookkeeping software at the same time. The case scenario along with instructions will be provided to all attendees for those who intend to recreate the scenario later at their own pace.
This is an all day event on Wednesday, May 31, 2017. Lunch will be provided and is included in the fee.
In this class, you will learn: How to establish a chart of accounts & beginning balance sheet
Invoicing, sales receipts
How to write checks, make deposits & reconcile your account with the bank
Keeping track of inventory
Keeping track of sales taxes
How to run & understand reports This class will NOT teach: How to use Intuit's Payroll services
How to use Intuit's Payment processing services
Downloading internet bank/credit card transactions COST: $49 per person WHEN: Wednesday, May 31, 2017 I WHERE: TTU Small Business Development Center, 2579 S. Loop 289, suite 114, Lubbock TIME: 9:00am to 4:00pm Call Elaine @ 745-1637 to register. The DEADLINE TO REGISTER IS noon May 30, 2017.
This class is designed for individuals who are new to bookkeeping and want to learn how to enter basic day-to-day transactions for their small business. We will also cover basic accounting concepts that are necessary to understand bookkeeping.Presenters will use Quickbooks® throughout the day to demonstrate concepts on a specific case scenario, but computers will not be provided, and attendees will not be permitted to use their laptop to work on their own bookkeeping software at the same time. The case scenario along with instructions will be provided to all attendees for those who intend to recreate the scenario later at their own pace. Posted:
4/17/2017
Originator:
ELAINE Melot
Email:
elaine.melot@ttu.edu
Department:
Northwest Texas SBDC Region
Event Information
All Day Event
Event Date: 5/31/2017
Location:
TTU SBDC, 2579 S. Loop 289, suite 114, Lubbock TX
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Small Business Development Center
The timer is ticking through July 31 as the Fannin Christian Learning Center (FCLC) holds its annual Match-a-Thon. Executive Director Tina ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
If you want the best view of the upcoming solar eclipse, pack your bags for Carbondale! If you're going to be hanging around the Chicagoland area, you can still get an incredible view of it, but you'll need some protection.
RELATED: Krispy Kreme Announces Eclipse-Themed Chocolate Donut
Given the rarity of this occurrence, the Adler Planetarium has put together this nifty guide on where you can pick up solar eclipse glasses in the Chicagoland area. They're also generously taking the time out to pass out glasses & teach people about the solar eclipse at the following locations:
Daley Plaza: Wednesday, August 16 @ 7:00 am – 1:00 pm
South Grant Park: Thursday, August 17 @ 1:00 – 7:00 pm
Lagunitas Brewing Company: Friday, August 18 @ 12:30 – 6:30 pm
Why all the fuss about the eclipse? Consider that it'll be the first time since June 8, 1918 that a total solar eclipse will be visible across the entire contiguous United States. 99 years ago!
As Americans were preparing to trade Christmas presents last week, the DC Court of Appeals was moving to take a gift away: Americans' right to free speech.
The court ruled that Penn State climatologist Michael Mann's defamation suit against National Review and the Competitive Enterprise Institute can go to trial. That should send shivers down the spines of anyone who cares about open debate and challenges to scientific findings.
Mann's suit claims bloggers Mark Steyn, on NR's site, and Rand Simberg, on CEI's, defamed him when they slammed his global-warming research, particularly his famous hockey stick graph — an illustration of how temperatures have recently surged.
Simberg accuses Mann of having “molested and tortured” the data, much as disgraced Penn State coach Jerry Sandusky molested kids. Steyn quotes Simberg, calls the hockey stick “fraudulent” and likens Mann's methodology to a “circus.”
Harsh? Over the top? Maybe. But at bottom, these are statements of opinion — not fact. And, under the First Amendment, Americans can express their opinions, no matter how cutting they may be.
And, after all, who's to say the authors are wrong?
In the court's opinion, Senior Judge Vanessa Ruiz writes that Mann “supplied sufficient evidence” for a jury to find the bloggers' statements “false.” But that's based on the opinions of “experts,” including Penn State. What makes her think they got it right — or, more important, that they can't be challenged?
As law professor Jonathan Adler noted, the court “placed tremendous weight on the fact that Penn State and other institutions investigated Mann and did not find evidence of academic misconduct.” But, he added, “it is the alleged inadequacy of Penn State's investigation that was the focus of the very posts at issue.”
Besides, “challenges to scientific conclusions and interpretations of scientific studies are clearly protected by the First Amendment” — even if they're wrong.
As the editors at National Review wrote, “there's a reason that a broad coalition of groups including the ACLU, the Washington Post, the Cato Institute, and the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press filed briefs in support of NR in the case.”
Those groups feared that letting the case go forward would prompt “a profound chill on expressions of opinion about important scientific and public policy issues.” Think of the harm this would do to scientific research and political debate.
The First Amendment, NR notes, is designed specifically to safeguard the right “to express caustic criticism of scientific theories that purport to resolve hot-button political controversies on matters as sweepingly consequential as the extent and cause of global warming.”
By opening the door to curbs on that right, the court does the nation a huge disservice.
BOGOTA: A peaceful solution to unrest and political turmoil in Venezuela is possible, US Vice President Mike Pence said on Sunday, after President Donald Trump threatened military action and sparked condemnation around the region.
Trump's surprise comments on Friday that military intervention in Venezuela was an option brought condemnation from Peru, Mexico and Colombia, usually some of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's toughest critics.
“We have many options for Venezuela, but the President also remains confident that working with all of our allies across Latin America we can achieve a peaceable solution,” Pence said in Cartagena, Colombia, where he is kicking off a trip to several Latin American countries.
“We will continue to stand with free nations across our hemisphere until democracy is restored for the Venezuelan people,” Pence said, striking a more conciliatory tone than Trump.
A military intervention should not even be contemplated, Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said during the joint press conference with Pence.
However, the two leaders did discuss possible further sanctions against the socialist country, Pence said.
“President Santos and I discussed in some detail additional measures that could be taken to further pressure the regime in Venezuela economically,” he said. The US is “looking at a full range of additional economic sanctions,” Pence added.
Trump's comments may be a political lifeline for the unpopular Maduro, who has long used the threat of US aggression to justify policies that have shredded the economy.
More than 120 Venezuelans have been killed in unrest since April, as the economy collapses deeper into a recession compounded by triple-digit inflation as well as food and medicine shortages.
BOGOTA: A peaceful solution to unrest and political turmoil in Venezuela is possible, US Vice President Mike Pence said on Sunday, after President Donald Trump threatened military action and sparked condemnation around the region.
Trump's surprise comments on Friday that military intervention in Venezuela was an option brought condemnation from Peru, Mexico and Colombia, usually some of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's toughest critics.
“We have many options for Venezuela, but the President also remains confident that working with all of our allies across Latin America we can achieve a peaceable solution,” Pence said in Cartagena, Colombia, where he is kicking off a trip to several Latin American countries.
“We will continue to stand with free nations across our hemisphere until democracy is restored for the Venezuelan people,” Pence said, striking a more conciliatory tone than Trump.
A military intervention should not even be contemplated, Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said during the joint press conference with Pence.
However, the two leaders did discuss possible further sanctions against the socialist country, Pence said.
“President Santos and I discussed in some detail additional measures that could be taken to further pressure the regime in Venezuela economically,” he said. The US is “looking at a full range of additional economic sanctions,” Pence added.
Trump's comments may be a political lifeline for the unpopular Maduro, who has long used the threat of US aggression to justify policies that have shredded the economy.
More than 120 Venezuelans have been killed in unrest since April, as the economy collapses deeper into a recession compounded by triple-digit inflation as well as food and medicine shortages.
NEW YORK — Antonio Brown is nearly impossible to stop.
The Steelers star receiver has already put up some stellar stats in his career, including the most receptions in NFL history (526) in any player's first six years in the league.
And through four games this season, he has 388 yards receiving, which is second in the NFL and only 3 yards away from leading the league.
The top spot is a familiar place for Brown as he beat out everyone for the No. 1 position among the AP's top 10 wide receivers. The voting was done by Pro Football Hall of Fame member James Lofton and 10 AP football writers.
Brown earned eight first-place votes and finished with 103 points.
“Not only is he the best receiver in the game, Brown might be the best all-around player in the NFL,” said the AP's Barry Wilner, who is based in New York.
Atlanta's Julio Jones was in second place with 98 points. Jones received the other three first-place votes and six for second place. He led the NFC and was second in the NFL last season with 1,409 yards. He had nine catches for 180 yards with two scores in the NFC championship game against Green Bay as they Falcons reached the Super Bowl before blowing a 28-3 lead and losing in overtime to New England.
“One of the masters of accumulating yards after the catch and a clutch performer, too, as the Packers witnessed in the NFC championship game last season,” said the AP's Dave Campbell, who's based in Minneapolis.
Odell Beckham Jr. of the Giants was third with 69 points.
“The guy is one of the most talented players in the game — and one of its most polarizing,” said the AP's Dennis Waszak Jr., based in New York. “His acrobatic, one-handed catches have made him an exciting superstar, but his other on-field antics have also kept him in the headlines for the wrong reasons.”
Houston's DeAndre Hopkins was next with 57 points, edging Tampa Bay's Mike Evans, who had 55 points.
“Does he (Hopkins) finally have a dynamic partner in Deshaun Watson?” asked the AP's Schuyler Dixon, based in Dallas. “If so, watch out for soaring numbers.”
Cincinnati's A.J. Green finished sixth with 52.
“Consistently one of the best,” the AP's Rob Maaddi, who's based in Philadelphia, said of the Bengals Pro Bowler.
Veterans Larry Fitzgerald of Arizona and Green Bay's Jordy Nelson tied with 36 points.
“Any list would be invalid without Fitz, who's averaged 108 catches the last two seasons after everyone thought he was headed for retirement,” said the AP's Arnie Stapleton, who's based in Denver.
Dallas' Dez Bryant followed with 29 points.
“The usual big numbers aren't there this year, but Bryant remains one of the most feared receivers and should boost production as the season goes on,” said the AP's Josh Dubow, who's based in the Bay Area.
Minnesota's Stefon Diggs rounded out the top 10 with 18 points.
“He's leading the league in yards and yards per game,” said the AP's Teresa Walker, who's based in Nashville, Tennessee. “Imagine how much worse off the Vikings would be without him.”
——
EDITOR'S NOTE — The Associated Press is ranking the top 10 players at a different position every week of the NFL season, based on votes by Pro Football Hall of Famer James Lofton and AP football writers Simmi Buttar, Dave Campbell, Schuyler Dixon, Josh Dubow, Howard Fendrich, Rob Maaddi, Arnie Stapleton, Teresa M. Walker, Dennis Waszak Jr., and Barry Wilner. This feature will move on Fridays.
——
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Hunters have been more successful at killing deer around New York State, but less successful at hunting bear in the Northern Region through the first several weeks of big game seasons in 2017 than last year, according to Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC).
DEC says that early reports from New York hunters through Dec. 3, show approximately 18 percent more deer were killed in the Northern Zone and 14 percent more deer in the Southern Zone compared to the same period in 2016.
According to DEC, through the third weekend of the Northern Zone regular big game season, hunters have reported 11,349 deer in 2017, compared to 9,417 deer in 2016.
Similarly for deer in the Southern Zone, hunters reported 69,550 deer in 2017, compared to 61,184 through the same period in 2016. Hunters have been encouraged to take anterless deer and leave young bucks in the Southern Zone due to higher populations there.
For bear, hunters have reported taking 814 bears so far in the Southern Zone, compared to 775 taken at this point in 2016, but harvest is lagging in the Northern Zone with only 291 bears reported in 2017, compared to 450 bears at this point in 2016.
A final tally of the seasons' deer and bear harvests is expected to be compiled and released early in 2018.
A DEC announcement said there had also been a slight increase in reporting via the web and wildlife app in 2017 compared to 2016.
The late bow and muzzleloading season for deer started in portions of the Adirondacks (DEC's Northern Hunting Zone, Wildlife Management Units 5A, 5G, 5J, 6A, 6C, 6G, and 6H) on Dec. 4, and will continue through Dec. 10.
DEC's Hunting Safety Rules
– Assume every gun is loaded.
– Control the muzzle. Point your gun in a safe direction.
– Keep your finger off the trigger until you are ready to shoot.
– Be sure of your target and beyond.
– Do not hunt deer and bear in the dark; Big game hunting ends at sunset.
– DEC encourages hunters to wear blaze orange or pink. Wearing orange or pink prevents other hunters from mistaking a person for an animal, or shooting in your direction. Hunters who wear hunter orange are seven times less likely to be shot.
– When hunting in tree stands use a safety harness and a climbing belt, as most tree stand accidents occur when hunters are climbing in and out of the stand. Also, never climb in or out of a tree stand with a loaded rifle. Click here for more tips on avoiding accidents.
– Always be prepared for winter conditions when venturing in the woods, inform a friend or relative of your whereabouts, and pack emergency supplies.
NCB recently donated $1,000 to Habitat for Humanity-Clinton County. This organization began building homes for families in need in 1994. It has built 37 homes and plans to build two homes in 2018. Pictured are NCB staff members, Cathy Collins (left) and Holly Mitchell (right) presenting a check to Habitat for Humanity representatives Wendell Compton, Len Perkins, Tom Matrka and Bob Schaad.
NCB recently donated $1,000 to Habitat for Humanity-Clinton County. This organization began building homes for families in need in 1994. It has built 37 homes and plans to build two homes in 2018. Pictured are NCB staff members, Cathy Collins (left) and Holly Mitchell (right) presenting a check to Habitat for Humanity representatives Wendell Compton, Len Perkins, Tom Matrka and Bob Schaad. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/03/web1_NCB-pic.jpg NCB recently donated $1,000 to Habitat for Humanity-Clinton County. This organization began building homes for families in need in 1994. It has built 37 homes and plans to build two homes in 2018. Pictured are NCB staff members, Cathy Collins (left) and Holly Mitchell (right) presenting a check to Habitat for Humanity representatives Wendell Compton, Len Perkins, Tom Matrka and Bob Schaad.
LISBON, Portugal (AP) — Eurovision Song Contest winner Salvador Sobral has given fans a performance of sorts for the first time since his heart transplant.
A video clip of the 28-year-old Portuguese singer covering part of Fleetwood Mac's "Landslide" was posted on his Facebook page Tuesday.
It's not clear when or where Sobral made the solo recording that shows him picking out piano chords and singing in English. His representatives didn't reply to inquiries.
Sobral sang a solo ballad in last year's Eurovision contest to give Portugal its first win in 53 years of competing. His victory means Portugal will host this year's Eurovision Song Contest in May.
Sobral has said he hopes to perform live in May.
A Lisbon hospital said this month Sobral made a "very satisfactory" recovery from the transplant he underwent in December.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Dozens of new laws are now in effect in Ohio for 2017.
Lawmakers passed more than 50 new laws that went into effect Jan. 1 – several have to do schools and students.
Lindsay's Law helps prevent sudden cardiac arrest in young athletes. Along with concussion guidelines, students and parents now have to review standards and protocols about sudden cardiac arrest, and coaches are required to complete an annual training course on the condition.
Sudden cardiac arrest is the number one killer of student athletes. The goal of the law is for athletes, parents and coaches to know the warning signs and symptoms.
STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) curriculum can now start as early as kindergarten. Programs are available that help to guide students on the educational path that will carry them through their primary education.
A new law impacting student debt allows lenders to add fees onto student loan balances. Right now there is no limit on how high those fees can be.
A few new criminal laws are new for 2017 as well. For instance, a driver's license suspension due to a vehicular homicide is 15 years. That suspension begins the day after a driver serves the court sentence for the crime – not simultaneously with any jail sentence.
Also new for 2017, employers can no longer forbid workers from keeping a gun locked in their own vehicle while parked on company property. This law also gives active military members permission to carry a concealed gun without a permit in Ohio.
A few more laws that take effect in 2017 include:
Minimum wage: Cities can no longer try to raise the wage above the state minimum, which is $8.15 per hour in 2017.
Cities can no longer try to raise the wage above the state minimum, which is $8.15 per hour in 2017. Abortion rights: Abortions are now banned after 20 weeks of pregnancy. Previously it was 24.
Abortions are now banned after 20 weeks of pregnancy. Previously it was 24. Passing a bicycle: A vehicle passing a bicycle must now give at least 3 feet of space.
A vehicle passing a bicycle must now give at least 3 feet of space. Traffic lights: If a traffic light does not detect your vehicle, you may drive through the intersection as long as you yield to oncoming traffic.
If a traffic light does not detect your vehicle, you may drive through the intersection as long as you yield to oncoming traffic. Truancy: Schools can no longer suspend or expel a student just for excessive truancy. Districts with truancy levels over 10 percent are required to implement an absence-intervention team in an attempt to avoid truancy charges.
Schools can no longer suspend or expel a student just for excessive truancy. Districts with truancy levels over 10 percent are required to implement an absence-intervention team in an attempt to avoid truancy charges. Assisted suicide: The act is now a third degree felony, punishable by up to five years in prison.
The act is now a third degree felony, punishable by up to five years in prison. Cockfighting: Cockfighting is now a felony in Ohio.
Cockfighting is now a felony in Ohio. Autism: Health-insurance plans are now required to provide coverage for treatments of autism-spectrum disorders.
Health-insurance plans are now required to provide coverage for treatments of autism-spectrum disorders. Snow days: The Ohio Department of Education will no longer have to approve a district's plan to make up snow days or the “blizzard bags” that schools send to students' homes. Schools will work out a solution on their own.
There are also new days set aside for state recognition. They include the following:
Thyroid Health Awareness Month: January
Annie Glenn Communication Disorders Awareness Day: Feb. 17
Asthma Awareness Month: May
Service Dog Awareness Week: Last week of July
Blue Star Mother's Day: Fourth Sunday of July
Ohio Survivors of Suicide Loss Day: Saturday before Thanksgiving
Over many years, I have had occasional exchanges of friendly fire with Lawrence Martin of The Globe and Mail, who has been sent back to Washington to report on the Trump phenomenon. We first met when he was that newspaper's Washington bureau chief in 1979, and reported to a large group of Globe and Mail dinner guests that Teddy Kennedy might wrest the Democratic nomination from incumbent president Jimmy Carter, but that either would easily defeat former California governor Ronald Reagan should the Republicans be so unwise as to nominate him for president.
Still, Lawrence is a competent journeyman reporter and is more thorough and writes better than most journalists. He is not pretentiously worldly nor a washed out cynic, like many in his craft. Nor does he consider every single assignment an opportunity to cause an upheaval, destroy a career, or lift the rock on an enormous and unsuspected infestation of official venality. All in all, as far as I know him, he is a pleasant and intelligent person who tries to do his job honestly.
But like most foreign journalists assigned to cover the U.S. capitol, he has very little grasp of the extent or potential force of U.S. public discontent. Very few people imagined that Donald Trump could succeed in taking the Republican nomination last year and then the election, campaigning as he was against the entire political class: all factions of both parties, the Bushes as much as the Clintons and Obama, against Hollywood, Wall Street, the national media, the lobbyists, all, he said, complicit in the inexcusable decline of America. All had been responsible for a slow response to the threat of terrorism, a decade of fruitless and costly war in the Middle East that had raised the strength of Iran and generated a huge humanitarian tragedy, the near-collapse of the world financial system, and explosion of debt, a flat-lined economy, increasing poverty and violence in the United States, and a foreign policy of retreat, bluster, apologies to Islam and vanishing “red lines.”
This has been the national psychology and mythos of the United States
Canadians generally know the Americans better than other foreigners do, because of proximity and in many respects, similarity. But Canada had to winkle its independence from the British without so annoying the British that that country failed to offer us its protection against a rising America, had to work out a frequently unstable internal relationship between English and French-speaking populations, and has generally been over-shadowed by the United States. For these reasons, it has never had quite as firm a belief as its neighbour in its national right to always become a richer and better country, with minor ups and downs, but with each generation better off than the last in a country stronger in the world.
This has been the national psychology and mythos of the United States, and despite terrible crises, in particular the Civil War, it has never wavered from that mission and conviction of what was its rightful objective. Woe to any political party that fails to maintain the country on that upward path, held since the country's earliest times to be its pre-destined course.
When the shabby Democratic compromise with the southern states — to keep them in the country while indulging them the moral outrage of slavery — finally came unstuck, Americans rewarded Lincoln's suppression of the insurrection and emancipation of the slaves by electing his new Republican Party 14 times in the next 18 elections (78 per cent of the elections between 1860 and 1928). The country finally became so angry at the Republican authorship of the Great Depression, as well as Prohibition and isolationism, that they elected the Democrats, Franklin D. Roosevelt and his followers, in seven of the next nine elections (also 78 per cent of those between 1932 and 1964). And Americans were so disappointed in the Vietnam War and other sources of domestic discord they blamed on the Democrats that they elected Republicans in five of the next six elections (83 per cent of them between 1968 and 1988).
The presidential cycles keep getting shorter
The cycles keep getting shorter, and the presidency has changed every two terms since then: Clinton was somewhat popular but ultimately rather disappointing; George W. Bush was never especially popular and was ultimately considered a failure. Barack Obama was fairly popular and the country was rightly relieved to have dispensed with the colour bar to its highest office, but he is not generally seen as a successful president. Each of these presidents started with control of Congress and the voters took it away from them. This is the context — 20 years of gradually intensifying disappointment — in which Donald Trump became the first president never to have sought or held any public office or military command.
The relevance of all this to Lawrence Martin is that, in The Globe and Mail on Thursday, he wrote that the Republican party “is on its deathbed,” and that “Trump is isolating himself from important power centres with his approach to governing,” and compares this to the demise of the Canadian federal Progressive Conservatives in the 1990s.
This is all bunk. From 1896 to 1984 (rise of Laurier to retirement of Pierre Trudeau), the Liberals governed for 66 years out of 88, largely on their formula of making federalism work for Quebec while running elsewhere as the only party that could keep Quebec in the country. (It had some similarity to the Jefferson-Jackson formula of winning elections by sweeping the South while picking up enough northerners who were prepared to placate the South, but was less corrupt because of the evil of slavery.) Brian Mulroney shattered the Liberal stranglehold on Quebec (which the Liberals have not regained), but as he tried to complete the approval of a new constitution by adoption of the Meech Lake formula, western elements who resented Quebec and some partisan Liberals who resented compromises with Pierre Trudeau's version of federalism, sabotaged the effort. Western conservatives defected to the Reform Party, and Quebec's conservatives angrily ran into the arms of the separatists or Liberals, producing the greatest federalist crisis the country has had.
Canada in the 1990s bears no comparison with current political conditions in the United States
This bears no comparison with current political conditions in the United States. Trump ran against the Republican caucuses in the Congress and his party's leaders there; Speaker Paul Ryan in the House of Representatives and Senator Mitch McConnell, reciprocated his disdain. His health-care reform was stopped by three senators for different reasons: the personal antagonism with John McCain; Rand Paul's refusal to vote for anything that isn't perfect; and the fuzzy Susan Collins hearing the Maine forest murmurs.
If Trump can deal with this arithmetic over his tax bill, most of the rest of his program, a radically anti-political correctness series of moderate measures, will flow through after the tax log-jam is broken. If he does not, the battle will move to the mid-term elections next year between the Democratic claim that Trump is ineffectual and reactionary, and his claim that he only needs a few senators to enact his mandate against the crooks of both parties clinging to the official furniture between immersions of their snouts in the public trough. The Democrats have 25 senators up for re-election next year, against only 10 Republicans, and under either scenario, Trump should win, and 30 years of gridlock between the Congress and the White House should end.
The media fiction about a chance of impeaching the president has vanished
At that point, as Lawrence Martin must know, since all politics works this way, everybody scrambles aboard the winning side. As for the claim of Russian collusion with the Trump campaign in the 2015 election, even I, inured as I am to this nonsense, could scarcely credit my senses when I saw the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee say on Wednesday that it depended on the Steele dossier. This, some readers may recall, was the origin of the “Golden Shower” — no, not the fixtures in the Trump Tower — the allegation that Trump had orchestrated a group of prostitutes in a Moscow hotel room to urinate on a bed because the Obamas had once slept in it. The dossier was commissioned by a Democratic provider of campaign services, Fusion Inc., and there is increasing evidence that the FBI had a hand in it. Steele himself, an Englishman, has told the U.S. Senate to stuff its summons to appear. The media fiction about a chance of impeaching the president has vanished, except perhaps in Lawrence Martin's mind, because the Democrats are staring down the barrel of much more serious legal problems than Trump is. Special counsel Robert Mueller is now busier trying to keep FBI witnesses from testifying before Congressional committees, and in shakedowns on people over actions long before there was any Trump campaign, than in anything near the president.
What will happen, in Mr. Lincoln's phrase, will be “less fundamental and astounding” than Lawrence foresees. Trump will complete his ambitious takeover of the Republicans, enact most of his program; American decline will stop, and the squalor and grandeur of American politics will continue as it has since the only time a major U.S. political party (the Whigs) actually vanished, 165 years ago.
National Post
cbletters@gmail.com
LONDON — Britain's foreign minister said Sunday that he has evidence Russia has been stockpiling a nerve agent in violation of international law, after a Russian envoy suggested the toxin used to poison a former spy in England could have come from a U.K. lab.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said the trail of blame for the poisoning of Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia "leads inexorably to the Kremlin."
Johnson told the BBC that "we actually have evidence within the last 10 years that Russia has not only been investigating the delivery of nerve agents for the purposes of assassination but has also been creating and stockpiling Novichok" — the type of nerve agent Britain says was used in the attack.
Britain and Russia have each expelled 23 diplomats, broken off high-level contacts and taken other punitive steps in the escalating tit-for-tat dispute, which clouded the run-up to Sunday's presidential election in Russia. President Vladimir Putin is expected to win a fourth term, amid widespread voter apathy.
Western powers see the poisoning of the Skripals as the latest sign of increasingly aggressive Russian interference in foreign countries.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Putin set to be re-elected amid ex-spy poisoning scandal 2:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Johnson said he will brief European Union foreign ministers on the case Monday before meeting NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg.
The foreign secretary said officials from the Netherlands-based Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons would also arrive in Britain on Monday to take samples of the nerve agent used to poison the Skripals.
Britain says it is Novichok, a class of powerful nerve agent developed in the Soviet Union toward the end of the Cold War. Tests to independently verify the British findings are expected to take at least two weeks, Britain's Foreign Office said.
Vladimir Chizhov, Moscow's EU ambassador, said Russia has no chemical weapons stockpiles and was not behind the poisoning.
"Russia had nothing to do with it," Chizhov told the BBC.
Chizhov pointed out that the U.K. chemical weapons research facility, Porton Down, is only eight miles from Salisbury, where Skripal — a former Russian intelligence officer convicted in his home country of spying for Britain— and his daughter were found March 4. They remain in critical condition.
Asked whether he was saying Porton Down was responsible, Chizhov replied: "I don't know."
The British government dismissed the ambassador's suggestion as "nonsense."
Britain's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson speaks on one of the BBC's flagship political shows, Britain March 18, 2018. Reuters
Johnson said it was "not the response of a country that really believed itself to be innocent."
Johnson said Britain's National Security Council will meet this week to discuss "what further measures if any" the country will take.
Opposition lawmakers are calling on the government to clamp down on the illicitly gained money of wealthy Russians in Britain. Critics say U.K. authorities have been slow to investigate the origins of the wealth invested in London's financial district and property market.
Russia's ambassador in London, Alexander Yakovenko, called for "cooler heads," telling the Mail on Sunday that the dispute is "escalating dangerously and out of proportion."
Image copyright Google Image caption Ysgol Pontfadog is part of the Ceiriog Valley Federation of schools
Supporters of an English-medium school claim it is facing possible closure because of efforts to "channel children" into Welsh stream education.
The closure of Ysgol Pontfadog is an option in a Wrexham council consultation on the future of education in the Ceiriog Valley.
The council said demand for English-medium education was low in the area.
But campaigners for the school said they are "very much contesting the assertion".
Ysgol Pontfadog is part of the Ceiriog Valley Federation of schools, with dual-stream Ysgol Cynddelw and Welsh-medium Ysgol Llanarmon Dyffryn Ceiriog.
Its supporters claim the option to close the school is part of a bid to increase numbers of Welsh-medium pupils in the federation.
'Dramatic inequality'
Campaigner Jules Payne disagrees there is a "growing demand" for Welsh-language education in the area.
She claims there is a "dramatic inequality of opportunity" because there is a feeder system into the Welsh-speaking stream but not for the English-language stream.
But Richard Jones, whose grandchildren attend Ysgol Cynddelw in Glyn Ceiriog, said: "This is not being driven from above. The head teacher and staff are extremely hardworking.
"This has come from the parents. The parents of most of the children are non-Welsh speaking. It's their decision."
Phil Wynn, lead member for education for Wrexham council, encouraged anyone with views to make them known.
The consultation ends on 21 February.
With proposals coming on stream for new bus routes for the north of the county, locals are being encouraged to give their views on it.
According to Deputy James Lawless, “Additional bus routes for Maynooth, Celbridge and Leixlip are very welcome.
“I understand there are a number of orbital routes included in the proposals. They include a bus linking the Moyglare Road, Maynooth across to Tallaght.
“The most important aspect of the new services is increased frequency. The towns will now be served with links to the city centre far more frequently than the current arrangement which, in some cases, was leaving commuters having to wait up to one hour at bus stops,” he explained.
“I am urging commuters to make their submissions during the public consultation process. All the proposed routes are just that, proposals. They can be altered or changed depending on public feedback which is why it is important Dublin Bus hear our voice.”
To find out more or to make a submission click here.
Local TD James Lawless has welcomed the new proposed bus routes for Kildare North and is urging residents to have their say during the submission period from July 16th until September 14th.
A range of family-oriented events and fun activities run through to Sunday afternoon
The cold did little to dampen the community spirit as reflected in many Rogers Hometown Hockey events unfolding Saturday.
Many residents were taking advantage of the displays and interactive events set up in the City's downtown core.
The Rogers Hometown Hockey Tour presented by Scotiabank and Dodge runs through the weekend.
The weekend features broadcast hosts Ron MacLean, who arrives Sunday morning, and Tara Slone, meet-and-greet opportunities with NHL alumni Rich Sutter and Darcy Tucker, live local entertainment and fun activities for the whole family.
The two-day hockey festival concludes Sunday afternoon following the Rogers Hometown Hockey outdoor viewing party.
Other highlights include feature games, prize giveaways, fun activities and live local entertainment for the whole family, including the Rogers Fan Hub – helping fans be fans, the Fan Hub features innovative and interactive experiences, showcasing virtual autographs from NHL stars, a hockey-themed Zamboni video game and autograph signings with Sutter to unite fans in their passion for the game.
This marks the fourth year the Rogers Hometown Hockey has been on tour—about 24 communities are visited each year.
Rounding off the list of highlights is live local entertainment—fans can enjoy music featured throughout the weekend beginning with Jamie Woodfin performing on Saturday followed by Ayla Brook & The Sound Men on Sunday. Nice Horse is set to hit the stage on Sunday as well.
For complete details, visit Rogers Hometown Hockey at www.hometownhockey.com and ‘like' Rogers Hometown Hockey at www.Facebook.com/RogersHometownHockey.
news@lacombeexpress.com
Image caption Police officers searched a house and a car in Westbourne Road, Chester
A woman held on suspicion of the murder of eight babies and the attempted murder of another six at a hospital is 28-year-old nurse Lucy Letby.
Ms Letby was arrested on Tuesday in a probe into the deaths of 17 infants at the Countess of Chester Hospital.
Detectives are also investigating 15 non-fatal collapses at the neonatal unit between March 2015 and July 2016.
Police searched a property in Westbourne Road, Chester, about a mile from the hospital on Tuesday.
Officers were also seen at Ms Letby's parents' property in Hereford.
The arrest comes as part of a long-running investigation into a higher than expected number of baby deaths at the hospital.
Jurgen Klopp has suggested that Liverpool could be his last club before retirement.
The 49-year-old started his coaching career with Mainz and worked seven years at the Opel Arena before leaving for Borussia Dortmund in 2008.
He also worked with BVB for seven seasons, winning two Bundesliga titles before stepping down at the end of the 2014-15 campaign.
Klopp says he has little intention of taking on short-term roles at a number of clubs and admits that his managerial post at Anfield could be his last.
"I will not have been in charge of 10 different clubs once my managerial career is over," he told Sport1.
"There is a not insignificant chance I will have coached three clubs. I would say it is very unlikely I will become a club-hopper all of a sudden.
"On the contrary, it is always quite easy for me to fully commit to what I am doing because they are often long-term projects."
Klopp missed out on winning silverware in his first year at Liverpool as they lost both the finals of both the EFL Cup and the Europa League, but he is hopeful of securing at least one trophy before the end of his contract in 2022.
"If I fulfil my contract with Liverpool, then there is a good chance I will have won something here," he added.
"I could be in an uncomfortable situation if we do not win anything. People expect Liverpool to win trophies."
Image copyright Reading Borough Council Image caption Artist's impression of the riverside path adjacent to the new route
A £20m plan aiming to ease congestion in Reading has been approved despite opponents arguing it will cause significant environmental damage.
Council officials say the East Reading Mass Rapid Transit - a bus, pedestrian and cycle route linking a new park-and-ride site to the town centre - will discourage cars from busy roads.
The council was made to revise its original plans after a consultation.
However, opponents say it will have minimal impact on traffic.
The dedicated bus, pedestrian and cycle route will link a new park-and-ride site to the town centre.
'Faster route'
The proposal was originally submitted in July 2017 but environmental groups expressed concerns about the loss of trees and risk of flooding.
John Sharpe, from the campaign group Save Our Ancient Riverside, said: "In their [Reading Borough Council] own estimates, they mention 1-3% reduction to congestion.
"Nevertheless, the total number of vehicles coming into Reading increases and, as a result, the already very poor air quality in Reading will get worse."
Work on the route could begin in early 2019.
Reading borough councillor Tony Page said: "This will enable us to avoid traffic jams and get hundreds of thousands of people into and out of the centre of Reading every day in a sustainable way, using our cleanest and greenest bus fleet."
The Clinton Church of God at 635 Hillcrest Street in Clinton invites the community to a “Free-to-All Family Christmas Day Dinner” on Monday December 25th (Christmas Day).
The event will be held from 2 to 4 pm, featuring turkey and ham with all trimmings.
This special meal is being hosted by the Clinton Church of God family and they invite everyone to come and be a part of this blessed Christmas Day.
By The Associated Press
BOYS BASKETBALL
Ashland Blazer 66, Rose Hill Christian 17
Berea 70, Pineville 63
Beth Haven 54, Evangel Christian 48
Breathitt Co. 85, Riverside Christian 25
Community Christian (Independence) 72, Cin. SCPA, Ohio 41
Model 82, Burgin 31
Newport 84, Beechwood 68
Newport Central Catholic 97, Dayton 42
North Laurel 80, Oneida Baptist 45
Pendleton Co. 62, Augusta 39
Pike Co. Central 77, Jenkins 38
Raceland 53, Elliott Co. 47
South Oldham 86, Cov. Holy Cross 75
Walton-Verona 74, Eminence 22
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Ashland Blazer 80, Raceland 35
Augusta 77, Pendleton Co. 74, OT
Barbourville 74, Thomas Walker, Va. 41
Bishop Brossart 61, Dixie Heights 29
Calvary Christian 41, Heritage Christian Academy 20
Central Hardin 64, North Hardin 47
Christian Co. 67, Grayson Co. 48
Collins 59, Western Hills 47
East Jessamine 64, Powell Co. 61
Garrard Co. 55, Pulaski Co. 45
George Rogers Clark 70, Madison Central 39
Grant Co. 82, Williamstown 30
Hazard 61, Clay Co. 53
Johnson Central 69, Letcher County Central 55
Leslie Co. 74, Buckhorn 42
Lex. Lafayette 67, Lex. Christian 32
Lloyd Memorial 34, Gallatin Co. 32
Lou. Southern 45, Lou. Ky. Country Day 37
Ludlow 49, Villa Madonna 31
Marion Co. 76, Thomas Nelson 50
Mayfield 62, St. Mary 30
Model 60, Burgin 26
North Laurel 78, Oneida Baptist 14
Paintsville 72, Morgan Co. 40
Rose Hill Christian 42, Hannan, W.Va. 31
Rowan Co. 63, Greenup Co. 41
Russell Co. 73, Metcalfe Co. 57
Scott Co. 88, Lex. Henry Clay 58
Shelby Valley 42, Pikeville 40
South Laurel 70, McCreary Central 31
South Oldham 76, Eminence 63
Taylor Co. 52, Caverna 37
Walton-Verona 62, Boone Co. 52
Warren East 40, Franklin-Simpson 27
West Carter 68, Fairview 37
Whitley Co. 54, Lynn Camp 20
Wolfe Co. 62, Cordia 14
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Miguel Sano hit a two-run double in the Twins' four-run sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar's two-out single, cutting the Royals' lead to 9-8. Brian Flynn then struck out Max Kepler to end the sixth with runners on second and third, preserving the Royals' lead.
Sano had a RBI single in the third and has hit in 17 consecutive games against the Royals with 30 RBIs in that span.
Hunter Dozier led off the Kansas City seventh with his first career home run. Soler homered in the eighth for his fourth hit, matching his career high.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters he faced and earned the victory.
"I didn't want to use McCarthy today," Yost said. "He's been in four out of five, but we were at the point we had to. He came in and did a phenomenal job."
Kelvin Herrera protected the lead with a spotless ninth for his 12th save.
Twins rookie right-hander Fernando Romero (3-2) retired only five of the 15 batters he faced. Romero allowed eight runs and nine hits, a walk and a sacrifice fly. His ERA jumped from 1.88 to 4.15.
"They were jumping me from the first pitch," Romero said. "They were just hitting everything."
Jay singled in the seventh to extend his hitting streak to 12 games. Jay finished May with a .368 average and leads the majors with 43 hits in the month.
ONE MORE OUT
Several Royals players began walking off the field in the fifth after turning a double play. The only problem was there were only two outs.
ROSTER MOVES
Twins: RHP Aaron Slegers was recalled from Triple-A Rochester. He came in after Romero's early exit and allowed two runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings. The Twins optioned Slegers back down to Rochester after the game.
Royals: RHP Trevor Oaks was recalled from Triple-A Omaha. He gave up three runs and five hits and a walk over 1 2/3 innings in his second big league appearance.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: CF Byron Buxton (fractured left toe) went back on the disabled list with the toe still impeding his game. ... RHP Ervin Santana (hand) was recalled from his minor league rehab assignment with swelling and having trouble gripping the ball. He will be re-examined.
Royals: RHP Blaine Boyer (strained back) was placed on the 10-day disabled list. Boyer was 2-0, but had an 11.76 ERA in 20 relief appearances.
UP NEXT
Twins: RHP Jake Odorizzi is the scheduled starter as the Twins open a four-game series with AL Central leader Cleveland at Target Field. RHP Shane Bieber will start for the Indians, making his big league debut.
Royals: They have Thursday off before beginning a three-game series Friday with Oakland. Kansas City RHP Ian Kennedy will start the opener.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
James Jones received plenty of deserved praise for his part in Chester FC 's 1-0 win over Solihull Moors at the weekend .
The 18-year-old academy graduate made his senior debut alongside Ryan Astles and Myles Anderson in the vital six-pointer against fellow relegation strugglers Moors on Saturday and put in an assured display at the back, looking like a seasoned National League pro.
While Jones would have been the pick for some in the crowd on Saturday to pick up the coveted man of the match accolade, it was striker James Akintunde who got the nod from the match sponsors.
But the Chester striker thought Jones was a more deserving recipient and handed over the honour - and the bottle of Champagne - to Jones for his efforts.
"I think there were a few men of the matches for me but as a debut, coming in and performing like that, it was really good work from Jonah and he looked in place and never looked out of depth once," said Akintunde.
"He won his challenges, first balls and second balls and I thought he showed he really wanted it. He took his chance and he deserved to be man of the match for me, so I wanted to make sure he had something to show for it."
Akintunde believes the two-week break helped the Blues coming into the contest and that the group has become closer as a result as they bid to haul themselves away from the National League relegation zone.
"The break definitely helped and the team has got closer this past week," he said.
"I thought it really helped. The togetherness, when we scored a goal previously we might have gone on to concede but we stuck together and managed to get the win, and even though we might have played better I think it was a good performance to get the win because we really needed that.
"That was for the fans because they came out and they helped clear the pitch and get the game on and all credit needs to go to them for that. They were huge for us and the only thing we could have done was to go and win that game and we did. It was really important and gives us some confidence to push on."
Dear Class of 2021,
You may have spent hours pondering over your response to the simple question “Why Brown?” when completing you application. Now, as the University's A Day on College Hill begins and hundreds of prospective students ascend upon College Hill, it is our time to answer the question — and, this time, we aren't limited to a character count.
Whether it be the flexibility of the open curriculum, the opportunity to learn from esteemed (and, often, incredibly cool) faculty members or the ability to say you go to the school that Emma Watson '14 graduated from, we at The Herald can offer many compelling answers to “Why Brown?”
While we can't honestly say that Brown is anything akin to Hogwarts, we can say that the magic of Brown comes from the people within this community. Here, you'll meet students from around the world who genuinely love what they do on campus and combine that passion with concrete action.
As often as the promotional pamphlets and brochures mention the open curriculum, we can attest to how it allows students to tailor their pathway during their time in college — and allows room for a little exploration along the way. You will always have the opportunity to carve your own course path. At Brown, you won't be surprised to come across the aspiring medical student dabbling in history or the computer scientist who does aerial arts on the side. The same person you just played basketball with at the OMAC could be your teaching assistant.
As the editors of The Herald, we know that, even with the amazing people here, the University is not always the perfect bastion of academic learning. Many of the voices featured in our paper critique the campus and its shortcomings, often from a desire to see positive change that will affect future generations of students, such as yourselves. We hope that, in choosing Brown, you will help us to continue improving this school we love.
Brown has already been a school that inspires change. This is the school where its own female student-athletes led the charge in defending Title IX policies. It's a school that created one of the first centers of public service in 1986, and, in 2016, unveiled the first-generation and low-income student center — not to mention the wide-ranging hubs of discourse and action that have been created in between. Brown fosters a culture of choice, independence and personal action in a way that few other schools can. We hope you'll join us.
Editorials are written by The Herald's editorial board: Lauren Aratani '18, Matt Brownsword '18, Rebecca Ellis '18 and Kate Talerico '18.
1:57 'We are a nation of rules', Florida lawmakers declare in seeking to ban immigrant sanctuaries Pause
0:50 Protesters want Miami-Dade to defy Trump on immigration order
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
The Inside Lane, a daily podcast that takes an in-depth look at the stories and science behind the 2017 World Athletic Championships with sports scientist Dr Ross Tucker and Runner's World Editor Mike Finch.
– The ultimate winners and losers of the 2017 World Champs
– What happens to athletics now that Bolt has retired?
– Semenya's perfect race and the never-ending controversy that surrounds her
PODCAST:
Missed the previous podcasts? Listen to them all here.
Get the Mach newsletter.
It's the tiny house movement taken to extremes: Scientists in France have fabricated a single-story home that measures only 20 microns (millionths of a meter) across. That's about one-fifth the width of a human hair, or roughly 500,000 times smaller than a human-scaled two-story house.
The minuscule house features a tiled roof, seven windows, a door and a teensy chimney. It was created at the Femto-ST Institute in Besançon by a robot controlling a tightly focused beam of charged particles known as ions.
The micro-dwelling was built inside a vacuum chamber to demonstrate the dexterity and precision of the team's robotic system. But the project was more than just a chance to show off. The scientists say the capability to create such intricate nanostructures could one day transform industries ranging from aerospace to medicine.
The microhouse was built by a robot controlling a a tightly focused beam of charged particles known as ions. FEMTO-ST Institute
“In the future, we want to develop this type of nanofactory in order to be able to reduce the size of a lot of objects that we use today,” Jean-Yves Rauch, an engineer at the institute and co-author of a new paper about the feat published recently in the Journal of Vacuum Science and Technology A, told NBC News MACH in an email.
The robot started with a layer of silica, the main component of sand, and used the ion beam to shape the walls and cut out the windows and door. To assemble the walls, the robot used the beam to score the silica without cutting all the way through, Rauch said, and then the structure was folded into place like origami.
Mark Swihart, a professor of chemical and biological engineering at the University of Buffalo who wasn't involved in the effort, called the demonstration “quite impressive,” adding that the fabrication method used to build the house pushes existing technology “in a new way to enable creation of microstructures that could not be realized before.”
Rauch said he and his colleagues will attempt to fabricate even smaller structures, and eventually hope to create minute biosensors on the tips of optical fibers that could measure temperature and other conditions in difficult-to-access places and could even perform more complex tasks such as detecting viruses in blood vessels.
“We are not working in a new field of research," Rauch said, "but we are constantly seeking to push the limits of assembly precision and measurement precision."
Want more science and tech?
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Yari, Lalong pledge improved workers' welfare
The welfare of civil servants in Zamfara State in 2017 will be top priority.
Governor Abdulaziz Yari made the promise in his statewide broadcast yesterday.
He said that although there were hitches in the outgone year, “there will be better things to come in this new year and no one will be left behind.''
He added that under his watch as the state governor, no civil servant was owed salary and promised that this would continue.
He explained that the government would continue to provide conducive atmosphere and encouragement for the people to engage in businesses to improve self-reliance and economic growth in the state.
The governor also expressed happiness in the outcome of dialogue with bandits in the state that resulted in some of them repenting and surrendering their arms.
He appreciated Federal Government's efforts in setting up an army and air force brigades in the state, saying this will continue to guarantee the safety of lives and property.
He then wished the people a happy new year and urged them to continue to pray for the success of the administration.
Also in the spirit of the New Year, Governor Simon Bako Lalong of Plateau State has reassured the citizens of the state of his administration's determination to deliver on his mandate. He gave the assurance in a broadcast to the people of the state yesterday on the Plateau Radio Television Corporation (PRTVC) to mark the New Year.
He said: “The year 2017 now offers hope and better opportunities for service. We are determined to take advantage of this offer, to make life better for our people and our state greater than before.
“We are a part of Plateau project, and for this, I count on your partnership to make 2017 a prosperous year for Plateau State.”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image caption Trooper Stuart Finlay said his training "kicked in" when he helped victims
One of the British soldiers praised by the prime minister for helping victims of the Las Vegas massacre said he was "trying to do what I thought was best".
Trooper Stuart Finlay, of Cheshire, was celebrating his 25th birthday with two comrades when gunman Stephen Paddock killed at least 58 people on Sunday.
The trio abandoned a meal to help victims, including a woman who was shot in the leg, Trooper Finlay said.
"As soon as it does happen, your training kicks in," he explained.
Their actions earned praise from Theresa May, who thanked them for their efforts earlier this week.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption At least 58 people were killed and nearly 500 injured in Las Vegas on Sunday
Pte Finlay had been doing training in California as part of 1st The Queen's Dragoon Guards regiment before he took leave with Troopers Ross Woodward and Chris May to celebrate his birthday in the city.
On arriving at the scene near the Mandalay Bay Hotel, where up to 500 people has also been injured, the soldiers split up to help casualties.
"I found a woman, probably about my age, she was on the floor and she had got shot in the lower back," Pte Finlay, from Ellesmere Port, said.
He said he used towels and a T-shirt to apply pressure to the wound, adding: "While I was treating this young lady, another woman had come who was shot in the leg so I tried to elevate her leg to stop the bleed and try and carry on dealing with the other woman."
Image copyright EPA Image caption A vigil outside the Mandalay Bay Hotel, where gunman Stephen Paddock carried out the killings
He also helped a third woman who had broken her leg.
"At the time I wasn't really thinking, I was just trying to do what I thought was best and that was helping people get to safety or treating injuries."
His father Kev said he was "panicking inside, fearing the worst" when he heard about the biggest shooting in modern US history.
"When I couldn't get in touch with him my head was all over the place. Once I found out what he did, I can't describe the feeling of pride and so much relief."
HQ Trivia goes missing on app store HQ Trivia — the popular app that has become as famous for its technical malfunctions as it has for its cash prizes — briefly disappeared from Apple's App Store on...
Lawmakers look to muzzle embattled dog-walking app They want to put Wag on a leash! New York lawmakers and animal-rights advocates are looking to muzzle the controversial app known as “Uber for dog-walking” because its walkers keep...
Dog-walking app's incompetence almost got this pooch killed App-based dog-walking service Wag has lost yet another New York pooch — at least the seventh local pup to escape the company's leash wranglers. Upper East Side Goldendoodle Simba was...
This state is testing an app to replace driver's licenses Delaware could be the first state to roll out electronic driver's licenses, provided a new pilot program goes well. The Delaware DMV has launched a test program that will include...
These apps will get you busted for cheating Boe McCrimmon Jr. had been a playboy for years when he got his first iPhone in 2007, but the shiny gadget — and its nonstop access to Facebook and Twitter...
Apple inks deal to buy the 'Netflix of magazines' Apple has inked a deal to buy Texture, the app that has been dubbed the “Netflix of magazines.” In December, The Post reported that Texture, formerly known as Next Issue...
'Uber for dogs' app has lost 3 NYC pooches in a month It's man's worst friend. Wag, the app known as “the Uber of dog-walking,” has lost not one but three New York pooches in the last month alone, disgruntled customers revealed...
MoviePass drops creepy 'app location' capability MoviePass won't be joining you and your date at dinner. The popular subscription service has removed its “app location capability” after some users got creeped out that MoviePass had the...
‘Uber for dogs' app loses another pooch Wag has stepped in it again. The app dubbed “the Uber of dog-walking” has lost another New York pooch — at least the fourth in three years. Upper East Side...
Opening his first White House Easter Egg Roll, President Donald Trump extolled the strength of America as thousands of kids, and some adults, reveled in the time-honored tradition of rolling hard-boiled eggs across the manicured lawn in his back yard.
"This is the 139th Easter Egg Roll. Think of it, 139," Trump said Monday, welcoming families to the annual event, which was dampened by intermittent rain. "And we will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before. We're right on track," he said, speaking of the nation's strength under fewer than 100 days of his leadership.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump, First Lady Host First Easter Egg Roll at White House 1:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump's wife, Melania, and their son, Barron, 11, and the Easter Bunny joined him on a balcony overlooking the expansive lawn before they went downstairs to join some of the 21,000 people who were expected to attend what is the biggest social event every year at the White House.
Daphne Rank, from Dillsburg, Penn., participates in an Easter egg roll race during the 139th White House Easter Egg Roll. Saul Loeb / AFP - Getty Images
Before joining the festivities with his family, Trump thanked his wife for "working on this for a long time to make it perfect."
There was, however, some speculation about whether the Trumps would be able to pull off a successful "egg-stravaganza." Planning seemed to get off to a late start, with the Trumps taking longer than in previous years to announce Monday's date.
President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump welcome guests to the White House. Win McNamee / Getty Images
Both Trump and the first lady have been slow to fill White House jobs, and at least one regular egg roll vendor took to Twitter, the president's favorite social medium, to remind the White House that a deadline for ordering the wooden eggs that are given out as souvenirs was approaching.
PHOTOS: Christians Around the World Mark Easter Holiday
But the egg rolling event, which dates to 1878, wouldn't be made to disappear. It was just made smaller, down from the 35,000 people who got tickets last year, but retaining such activities as a reading nook, an area to send messages to U.S. troops and an entertainment stage.
"As we renew this tradition, thank you for joining us," the first lady said.
Moments later, Trump blew a whistle three times, each time sending groups of youngsters scurrying to deftly use a wooden spoon to maneuver their dyed egg several yards across the finish line. He, the first lady and Barron also joined kids at a table to color cards to send to U.S. service members.
U.S. President Donald Trump and his son Donald Trump, Jr., watch children roll Easter Eggs at 139th annual White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 17, 2017. Joshua Roberts / Reuters
Trump's older sons, Don Jr. and Eric, and their wives, and daughter Tiffany also attended.
Seven-year-old Johnny Wilmer of Arlington, Virginia, said his egg-rolling effort ended with a second-place finish. It was his first Easter egg roll, and he said while he and his father, Jack, waited for Trump to appear that the experience had been "great."
Over at the reading area, Mrs. Trump read "Party Animals," a story about celebrating differences written by television personality Kathie Lee Gifford.
Costumed characters roaming the grounds included Elmo from "Sesame Street," Dr. Seuss' Cat in the Hat, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and some of the Racing Presidents, who are mascots for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball.
LOS ANGELES — The Los Angeles Dodgers placed right-hander Kenta Maeda and infielder Chase Utley on the 10-day disabled list on Wednesday.
Maeda was diagnosed with a mild left hip strain while Utley has a sprained left thumb. Right-hander Carlos Santana and ambidextrous pitcher Pat Venditte were recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City on Wednesday.
With Maeda headed to the disabled list, that makes four of the Dodgers' five starters from their opening-day roster are sidelined with an injury. Also on the DL are Clayton Kershaw (left biceps strain), Rich Hill (left middle finger blister) and Hyun-Jin Ryu (left groin strain). Kershaw is expected to return from the DL on Thursday and start against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Utley has just one start since May 22 and is in an 0-for-14 slump. Since getting two hits against Cincinnati on May 10, Utley is 2 for 29 over a 12-game stretch. He is batting just .137 over 51 at-bats in May.
Maeda was removed from his start Tuesday against the Phillies in the second inning. He received a visit on the mound from the team's medical staff on consecutive batters and came out of the game after striking out pitcher Jake Arrieta.
Manager Dave Roberts sounded optimistic that Maeda would miss just one start, but admitted that he would not rush his right-hander's return.
"I felt the sensation at the end of my last outing and worked on it between starts," Madea said through a team interpreter. "I thought I could pitch through it but as I was in a game situation, I felt it getting worse and worse and I think my teammates and coaches started to realize that."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Doug Padilla, The Associated Press
Police officers searching for missing RAF airman Corrie McKeague at a landfill site are set to conclude their search this week.
It is thought Corrie, 23, who vanished following a night out in Bury St Edmunds on September 23, 2016, climbed into a waste bin and was taken away by a bin lorry.
Police officers have been searching conducting a second search at a landfill site at Milton, Cambridgeshire, since October, after another search earlier this year.
Today, Suffolk Police confirmed the search would come to an end early this week.
PDP Urges National Assembly to Sanction Buhari Over $1 Billion
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) yesterday urged the National Assembly to sanction President Muhammadu Buhari for allegedly violating his oath of office by withdrawing and spending $1 billion from the Excess Crude Account (ECA) without the constitutionally required legislative appropriation.
According to the opposition party, Buhari's “unilateral spending of $496 million (N151.374 billion) from the ECA, without recourse to the legislative approval of the National Assembly, is a gross violation of the laws and constitution of Nigeria and a direct affront to our statutory order as a democratic state.”
In a statement by its spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan, yesterday, PDP said that “by this action, President Buhari has technically suspended the 1999 Constitution (as amended), plundered the inherent powers of the National Assembly as the principal institution of democratic rule, while re-enacting a sole administratorship in governance as if our nation is operating a military regime.
“More disturbing is the revelation that President Buhari paid the $496 million for the purchase of military aircraft from the United States, ignoring allegations of overprice and issues concerning due process, just to achieve a political expediency of currying President Donald Trump's support for his 2019 re-election bid.”
The PDP stated that Buhari's action amounted to gross misconduct and betrayal of public trust “because in the bid to push a personal agenda, he deliberately side-stepped statutory legislative scrutiny and acted in clear breach of Section 80 (3) (4) of the 1999 Constitution (as amended).”
The party noted that while Section 80 (3) states that “no moneys shall be withdrawn from any public fund of the federation, other than the Consolidated Revenue Fund of the federation, unless the issue of those moneys has been authorised by an Act of the National Assembly”, Section 80 (4) provides that “no moneys shall be withdrawn from the Consolidated Revenue Fund or any other public fund of the federation, except in the manner prescribed by the National Assembly.”
PDP described as shocking the fact that President Buhari, whose administration claims allegiance to transparency and zero tolerance for corruption, could resort to a violent abuse of the constitution just to “suit a desperate passion of seeking re-election.”
The opposition recalled that following the public outcry against the announcement that Buhari had unilaterally approved the withdrawal of $1 billion from the ECA, the presidency, through his Special Adviser on National Assembly Matters, Senator Ita Inang, on April 9, 2018 stated that no such approval had been made, adding that the president would never act in breach of Section 80 of the constitution even though they were aware that payments had been made.
“The resort to falsehood, deception and secrecy in the withdrawal from the ECA and the reported $469 million payment for the military aircraft raises very serious issues regarding the integrity of the Buhari presidency.
“While we have nothing against any effort to ensure adequate security in our land, we insist that such must be done within the ambit of due process of our laws and the constitution.
“The PDP urges President Donald Trump, as the President of the world's biggest democracy, to note that the $469 million paid for the purchase of military aircraft, forms part of proceed for illegal activities of our president, who has violated statutory provisions of our constitution to pursue a selfish agenda.
“We therefore charge the National Assembly to investigate the whereabouts of the balance from the $1billionn ECA fund and the purposes for which it has been taken, as well as save our democracy and constitutional order by invoking appropriate legislative processes against President Buhari for this violation, before it becomes too late.”
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post PDP Urges National Assembly to Sanction Buhari Over $1 Billion appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Famed chef Mario Batali was asked to step away from "The Chew" while ABC reviews sexual misconduct allegations against him.
"We have asked Mario Batali to step away from 'The Chew' while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention," a network spokesperson confirmed for ABC News on Monday. "ABC takes matters like this very seriously, as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving him and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct."
Batali's leave of absence comes on the heels of a report from the blog Eater, in which multiple women alleged sexual harassment or misconduct by the chef.
The accusations, some from past employees, span almost 20 years and include alleged inappropriate touching or groping.
In a statement to ABC News, Batali did not deny the allegations but apologized to the people he has "mistreated and hurt," his statement read. He said that in addition to his show, he will step away from the day-to-day operations of his restaurant group.
"I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt," Batali said in the statement. "Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong, and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family."
Jeff Neira/ABC via Getty Images
He continued, "I have work to do to try to regain the trust of those I have hurt and disappointed. For this reason, I am going to step away from day-to-day operations of my businesses. We built these restaurants so that our guests could have fun and indulge, but I took that too far in my own behavior. I won't make that mistake again. I want any place I am associated with to feel comfortable and safe for the people who work or dine there."
"I know my actions have disappointed many people. The successes I have enjoyed are owned by everyone on my team. The failures are mine alone. To the people who have been at my side during this time – my family, my partners, my employees, my friends, my fans – I am grateful for your support and hopeful that I can regain your respect and trust. I will spend the next period of time trying to do that."
Michael Loccisano/Getty Images for (Red)
Batali's international hospitality group includes 10 restaurants in New York, four in Las Vegas, four in California, two in Connecticut and two in Singapore. The group also has two Italian markets in New York, one in Chicago and another in Boston.
A spokesman for the Batali and Bastianich Hospitality Group told ABC News in a statement, "Mr. Batali and we have agreed that he will step away from the company's operations, including the restaurants, and he has already done so."
"We have decided to take a further step beyond our current policies and practices to ensure all employees feel comfortable and empowered to report issues," the statement continued. "If employees have claims they want to make against any corporate officers or owners specifically, they may now contact the outside corporate investigations firm T&M Protection Resources LLC, who has discretion to independently investigate complaints and report to outside counsel."
The UK's leading meningitis charity is calling for those who have suffered from the viral form of the disease to ‘Make Viral Visible' to help dispel myths and misconceptions that it is not dangerous.
Meningitis Now's fifth annual Viral Meningitis Week, between May 1 and 7, seeks to raise awareness to inform the public, health professionals and employers about the true impact of the disease and the long-term problems it can bring.
Expert opinion suggests up to 6,000 people each year across the UK suffer from viral meningitis, an infection that causes inflammation of the membranes that surround the brain and the spinal cord. The majority of cases happen during the warmer months.
Symptoms of viral meningitis can include a severe headache, a dislike of bright lights, neck stiffness, nausea, vomiting and confusion. The disease can affect anyone of any age.
Meningitis Now is urging anyone concerned about viral meningitis to seek medical help.
Research carried out by the charity details the far-reaching impact of viral meningitis, often dismissed as a less serious disease than bacterial meningitis.
Debilitating after-effects were just as likely to affect people's day-to-day activities as were those from bacterial meningitis, turning their emotional and economic lives upside down and stealing their ability to learn, play and work.
After-effects include exhaustion, headaches, memory loss, depression, anxiety and hearing difficulties. Many sufferers have to take long periods off education or work, and struggle with the day-to-day tasks that most people take for granted.
The charity has pledged to continue to raise awareness about viral meningitis and provide support for sufferers, including access to complementary therapies. It is also looking to provide e-learning materials for pharmacists, encourage healthcare professionals to carry out follow-up appointments and develop further research.
Viral meningitis cannot be treated with antibiotics. Rehydration, painkillers and plenty of rest are the best remedy.
Most people will make a full recovery but the process can be slow. The majority of sufferers no longer experience after-effects six months after their illness, but for some the effects can be lifelong.
Mark Hunt, director of communications and marketing at Meningitis Now, said: “It's vital that everybody understands how serious viral meningitis can be and seek the support they need.”
Visit www.meningitisnow.org or contact the helpline on 0808 80 10 388 or helpline@meningitisnow.org
A new series of the historical drama, which previously aired on BBC2 as well as Netflix, will now be released globally on Netflix later this year
For a while it looked like all hope was lost for The Last Kingdom.
Advertisement
After two series of the historical drama aired on BBC2, it looked like that could be the end of King Alfred and Uhtred after news about series three went strangely quiet.
But it's now been announced that Netflix – who co-produced the second series alongside the BBC – has galloped in. A third series has been confirmed, which will air globally on the streaming platform later this year.
ARSELINGS! Alexander Dreymon, your very own Uhtred son of Uhtred, has some exciting news for you…#TheLastKingdom season 3 is in production, and will be coming to Netflix worldwide later this year! pic.twitter.com/g7MJuXNS5I — The Last Kingdom (@TheLastKingdom) April 4, 2018
Alongside a video of actor Alexander Dreymon who plays Uhtred, the official Last Kingdom Twitter account revealed that “season 3 is in production, and will be coming to Netflix worldwide later this year!”
If that wasn't good enough news, they also revealed that series two of The Last Kingdom will be coming to Netflix on 18th April. Currently only series one is available on the streaming service.
The second series of the adaptation of Bernard Cornwell's Saxon stories saw Uhtred beginning his voyage north to avenge the death of Earl Ragnar and to recapture his ancestral lands at Bebbanburg, while King Alfred attempted to unite the kingdoms of England.
Advertisement
Watch this space to see what's going to be in store for series three.
Image caption Jacqueline confronted drug dealers to make sure her transgender child would not be bullied
"I live in a rough neighbourhood and there are drug dealers in our building. I went to them and told them that my son was going to start dressing as a girl and that I hoped they would support us and talk to their children, so he wouldn't get bullied," recalls Jacqueline.
"Surprisingly they have all been fantastic. They congratulated me on my courage and I have never had any problems," she says, laughing, while recounting the moment her son Vicente became Sofía.
But it has not all been plain sailing for Jacqueline and eight-year-old Sofía.
'Not my name'
Chile, where they live, is socially conservative, and transgender people who want to change their name have to go through a lengthy application which can take years to complete.
Transgender rights groups say it is a humiliating process which involves getting reports from psychologists and psychiatrists, and stripping off to have naked photos taken to show what sex they are.
One of those who has not yet been able to complete the legal process is Daniela Vega, the Chilean actress who made history by becoming the first transgender presenter at the Oscars ceremony.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Daniela Vega has been highlighting the issue of transgender rights in Chile
Speaking at a news conference following the ceremony, she complained that, in Chile "I have a name on my identity card that is not my name".
A gender identity bill - which would allow trans people to identify themselves with their preferred names rather than their assigned ones - is currently being discussed in congress.
It has the backing of President Sebastián Piñera and would make changing your sex and name on your ID a quick process which could be done at a registry office.
But the details are still being discussed, including what the minimum age will be.
'Growing up here is torture'
Transgender activists want children as young as 14 to be allowed to change their name with the consent of both parents and the support of psychologists.
Jacqueline argues it should be even lower, from age 10.
You may also be interested in:
"Growing up here is torture for them," she says about transgender children, while sitting on a park bench watching Sofía and her sister play.
She says that it was clear from early on that Sofía, whom they called Vicente back then, wanted to be a girl.
"As soon as he could walk, he would take his sister's dresses and put them on. He always wanted to play with her toys and not his," she recalls.
Vicente hated his first school, where the boys ostracised him because he did not like football and wanted to play with dolls.
"He hated going to the hairdresser and would cry and have stomach pains," she remembers.
"He said: 'Why are you doing this to me, when you know all I want to do is to grow my hair and have plaits?'" Jacqueline says.
Image copyright Family photo Image caption Sofía's birth name was Vicente
Initially Jacqueline and her husband thought their child was gay, but after seeing a television documentary about trans children they took her to see a number of psychologists who eventually confirmed she was transgender.
When Vicente was seven, the couple decided that for her happiness, she should live as a girl.
From then onwards, Vicente was allowed to grow her hair and wear girl's clothes and call herself Sofia.
Image caption Sofía loves unicorns and gymnastics
But not everyone was understanding, Jacqueline says, and Sofia's ID - which still carries the name Vicente and identifies her as a boy - has created problems.
"At the health centre a doctor said: 'What is this? A boy or a girl?' And I replied: 'She's a girl!' and the doctor looked at her ID card and said: 'But it says he's a boy!'" Jacqueline recalls.
"I said please don't ever say that in front of her again. And the doctor gave me a look as if I was mad. And replied 'As you like' in a very sarcastic tone of voice."
Backlash
Jacqueline and parents like her want to prevent their children from having to go through these types of experiences and are trying to help people understand why it is such an important issue.
Image caption Sofía says she has made friends in her new school and is happy
But there are plenty of conservative politicians and religious groups fighting hard to get the bill stopped.
The head of Chile's Catholic Church, Cardinal Ricardo Ezzati, said that children should not be able to legally change their name and sex on their ID arguing that "a cat will not become a dog just because I give it a dog's name".
His comments caused outrage, but there is still a section of Chilean society that supports him.
Jacqueline moved Sofía from a strict Catholic school to a new one, where the teachers are more supportive. The family has decided not to tell any of the children or parents that Sofía is transgender so that she will not be picked on.
"It's much better than my last school," says Sofía. "I enjoy playing with unicorns, wearing dresses and doing gymnastics."
Jacqueline and others from the transgender community hope Chile's laws will change so that Sofía and others like her can get on with enjoying their lives.
MILAN, Ohio — The Ohio hometown of Thomas Edison now has two statues honouring the inventor.
A new statue sits in the town square of Milan (MY'-lan), where Edison spent the first seven years of his life.
It was made by Ohio sculptor Alan Cottrill and is similar to another Edison statue Cottrill created and is now displayed at the U.S. Capitol.
The new statue in Milan shows Edison holding a light bulb in one hand and a phonograph in the other.
The Sandusky Register reports a large crowd showed up for the unveiling on Monday.
There's a second statue of Edison in the town square that depicts him as a child with his mother.
——
Information from: Sandusky Register, http://www.sanduskyregister.com/cgi-bin/liveique.acgi$schfrontpage? http://ww
STORRS, Conn. — Cincinnati coach Mick Cronin says his philosophy when playing conference games on the road is to win and get the heck out of the building.
Jacob Evans III scored 19 points and No. 8 Cincinnati left Gampel Pavilion on Saturday with a 65-57 victory over a struggling UConn team. It was the Bearcats 14th straight win.
Kyle Washington added 13 points and 11 rebounds for Cincy (21-2, 10-0 American), which struggled at times but never trailed.
Jalen Adams scored 20 points and Christian Vital added 18 for the Huskies, who have lost five of their last six to fall below the .500 mark at 11-12 (4-6) American.
The Bearcats shot just 36 per cent from the floor, 10 percentage points below their season average and were outscored 26-14 in the paint. But they held UConn to 36 per cent shooting.
“It wasn't a pretty game by any stretch,” Cronin said. “Their zone, it slowed us down, it limited our points in the paint,” Cronin said. “If you can only get 14 points in the paint and win you've got to be happy as a coach.”
Cincinnati opened the game with three straight 3-pointers and ran out to a 13-0 lead. The Huskies missed their first 10 shots and didn't score until Christian Vital drove the lane for a layup almost eight minutes into the game.
The Bearcats had a drought of their own, getting just six free throws over a nine-minute span before a 3-pointer from Evans made it 26-16.
A 3-pointer by Keith Williams at the halftime buzzer sent the Bearcats into the locker room up 32-21.
Consecutive 3-pointers by Cane Broome eight minutes into the second half extended the lead to 17 points. The Bearcats extended that to 19 and then weathered a late 12-4 UConn run.
Cincinnati hit 9 of their 25 shots from behind the arc, while UConn went 5 of 17.
“It's tough on the road,” Evans said. “You play a team on the road, especially in conference, it gets dark as the away team. So, we were just focused on getting the win and getting back to Cincinnati.”
BIG PICTURE
Cincinnati: A win in its next game against UCF would tie the team's longest winning streak in the 12-years since Mick Cronin took over as head coach. The school record for consecutive wins is 37, during the 1961-62 and 1962-63 seasons.
UConn: The Huskies are now 27-29 over the past two seasons. UConn has lost 12 straight against ranked opponents and is 0-5 against the Top 25 this season. Despite their struggles, this was the Huskies first loss on campus this season. The Huskies are now 5-1 at Gampel Pavilion.
“We have the guys; we have the talent, we just need to figure out how to put it together,” Vital said. “I don't know how. Obviously, we're still trying to figure that out.”
COMING HOME
The game was a homecoming for Cincinnati guard Cane Broome, who is from East Hartford and played at Sacred Heart in Fairfield before transferring to Cincinnati. Broome, who averages just over eight points a game, scored 10 points. He played against UConn once before, as a sophomore at Sacred Heart, scoring just seven points, the only time that season he failed to reach double figures.
“I just wanted to be able and come here and win the game, for real, because last time I came, I lost,” Broome said. I just wanted to win the game.”
UConn is just 27-28 since the 2016-17 season began.
HE'LL BE BACK
UConn point guard Alterique Gilbert recently had season-ending surgery on his left shoulder for the second straight year. But Gilbert says he's “100 per cent” committed to returning to the program. “The past two years have been kind of up and down for us, but I definitely know with the history and tradition at UConn there is another side to that, so I want to experience that side,” Gilbert said.
UP NEXT
Cincinnati: Heads home to face UCF on Tuesday before at two-game road trip to SMU and Houston.
UConn: The Huskies remain at home to face USF on Wednesday. It will be the first time this season the Huskies have had back-to-back games at Gampel Pavilion.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Cilla - The Musical tells the extraordinary story of the ordinary girl from Liverpool whose teenage dreams of stardom lead her to becoming one of Britain's best-loved entertainers of all time.
And it is coming to the Edinburgh Playhouse this week for a five-night run from September 19-23.
The new show is a spectacular and heart-warming musical adaptation of the critically acclaimed ITV mini-series based on the early life of Cilla Black, by BAFTA award winner, Jeff Pope.
It had its world premiere on September 7 at the Liverpool Empire in Cilla Black's hometown.
It's an introduction by a young John Lennon to music mogul Brian Epstein that changes Priscilla White's life forever. By the age of just 25 she would be known as singer and TV Star Cilla Black, number one selling artist and at the fore-front of the Brit-Pop music scene. The musical score is the ultimate soundtrack to the 60's including Cilla's greatest hits Anyone Who Had a Heart, Alfie and Something Tells Me, Twist and Shout by the Beatles, California Dreamin by The Mamas and The Papas' and many more.
Full casting for Bill Kenwright's new musical features: Andrew Lancel (Brian Epstein); Carl Au (Bobby); Amy Bridges (Rose Willis); Gemma Brodrick-Bower (Pauline); Paul Broughton (John White); Bill Caple (Ringo Starr); Tom Christian (Kenny Willis); Tom Dunlea (Hutch); Pauline Fleming (Big Cilla); Joshua Gannon (Paul McCartney); Billie Hardy (Pat); and Michael Hawkins (John Lennon).
They join the previously announced Kara Lily Hayworth as Cilla, who beat thousands of hopefuls in nationwide open auditions for the coveted role. More than 120 Cilla hopefuls auditioned in the Scottish capital, when the open auditions came to the Edinburgh Playhouse earlier this year in May.
Kara revealed what audiences can expect from the show: “It's a wonderful story which is full of Cilla's hits - her big number ones and there are also songs by The Beatles. It is a beautiful story written by Jeff Pope who wrote the television series.
“It tells the love story between Cilla and Bobby. The musical features the same part of Cilla's life as the television series, but there are a lot more songs and it is quite different in the way it is presented on stage.”
Kara revealed her favourite songs to perform: “I love singing Alfie by Burt Bacharach. I also enjoy singing Anyone Who Had A Heart and the reaction from the audience when I sing this is amazing. The first time I did it, it took my breath away.”
Kara said it is a priviledge to be playing such an iconic role: “I feel very lucky and so honoured to be playing this part. It was quite nerve-wracking
to perform on stage in Liverpool as it was Cilla's hometown and she was such a well-loved figure but the reaction we got was amazing and I can't wait to perform in Edinburgh.
“I did a play at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe a few years ago and I loved it.”
The musical reunites Tom Dunlea, Michael Hawkins and Gemma Brodrick-Bower, all of whom starred in Jeff Pope's original ITV mini-series Cilla, on which the musical is based. It also reunites Andrew Lancel with the role of Epstein, which he played on stage to great critical acclaim in Epstein – The Man Who Made The Beatles. Andrew is best known to TV audiences as super-villain Frank Foster in Coronation Street and as DI Neil Manson in the long-running ITV television series The Bill.
The legendary Merseybeat sound is authentically performed live on stage by the cast who are completed by: Alan Howell; Jay Osbourne; Alex Harford; Will Kinnon; Jenny Murphy; Tom Sowinski; and Christopher Weeks.
Cilla – The Musical is produced by Bill Kenwright and Laurie Mansfield, alongside executive producer and Cilla's son, Robert Willis and directed by Bill Kenwright and Bob Tomson.
For tickets visit: www.atgtickets.com/shows/cilla/edinburgh-playhouse/
The social protocol
Sir: There's always a moment for everyone, when doing the right thing doesn't quite seem the first instinct. You recall that moment you purchased a ticket for a massively hyped show and you stood under the sun endlessly for your favorite artiste to come on and preparatory to that, a wack upcoming rapper/singer was nudged on stage to whet your appetite for the real deal, but he kept rambling on and on doing the exact opposite of that? Oh..yeah, remember you booing him out, and in some cases depending on how much he annoyed you with his wack music, you threw sachet/bottled water and other weaponry on stage to punish him for daring to waste your time with anything less than his very best!
You also recall those state-of-the-art moments we cruised into church in our best outfit, tailored to the specificity of our personality, while a ‘mere' Usher with a rehearsed signature smile directed us to a seat, but we were better off elsewhere and ended up ‘ushering ourselves' to a different place of comfort? (sure you remember.. It hasn't been so long you did that). We have all in diverse ways broken ‘The Social Protocol'.
Many times as Christians, we try to overkill the process of arguing out our faith and presenting it blameless to anyone who feels differently. It is crucial to note that while we are deeply rooted in the concept of Christianity being ‘the light', a Muslim or Atheist, or whatever religion feels equally the same passion for his/her faith as well. Simply let it go and make nice! There are times we are also guilty of speaking in our local dialect, when there's a third person in our presence who doesn't understand it.
How do we handle conversations with people? Are we so negative for others to hang around with, that instead of training ourselves to always give compliments, we rather use buzz-kill sentences like “How come you got so much acne on your face?” “Been so long I last saw you, you've grown some terrible belly fat!” or sarcastic comments like “Wow! You've gained so much weight, I'm sure if you could shake off some of that weight, you'll be a swimsuit model!” Do we just show up unannounced at people's homes without first putting a call through?
In all our little ways of verbal or social media interaction, we have jettisoned in some way, the protocol of socialising which has propagated avoidable issues like unnecessary internet fights (twitter rants and the likes), religious hatred, marital crisis and so on. But we can create a better world of mutual respect by immersing ourselves deeply in the right social attitude.
Nimi Princewill is a writer.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LOS ANGELES — UCLA employed such a stifling zone defence that it flustered USC into 23 missed shots by halftime. The Bruins weren't running their best offence, but with such a stout performance on the defensive end and the glass, it didn't matter.
Monique Billings got the 40th double-double of her career with 14 points and 16 rebounds, and No. 9 UCLA shut down USC in a 59-46 victory on Friday night.
Jordin Canada added 16 points, and the Bruins (18-4, 9-2 Pac-12) won their seventh consecutive game.
UCLA outrebounded USC 48-33. UCLA had more defensive rebounds (34) than USC had total (33).
“Defensive rebounding, thank goodness for that because we didn't play very well offensively,” UCLA coach Cori Close said. “I didn't think we played the kind of (up-tempo) style we should've played and needed to play, especially when we got so many stops. We should've got the transition game going. I think we let the zone and late shots in the shot clock lull us to sleep a little bit.”
USC (15-7, 5-6) struggled mightily against the UCLA zone in the first half and shot many 3-pointers it didn't want to take. The Trojans were 6 for 29 from the field in the first half and just 1 for 14 from 3-point range.
“We've just got to be more patient,” USC coach Mark Trakh said. “We've got to be more selective. My assistant kept on saying we needed to be more selective and patient and I said we just passed the ball 20 times and no one could get an open shot. You only have 30 seconds. A lot of it was their defence. We've got to pass the ball, spread them and attack off the dribble.”
Kristen Simon led USC with 15 points and 12 rebounds.
The Trojans played better in the second half, cutting UCLA's lead to single digits in the third and fourth quarters. They finished shooting 28 per cent from the field but missed 20 of 24 3-point attempts.
“I think the biggest reason is this one over here, Kelli (Hayes),” Canada said. “She brings that voice that we need in the zone. She's talking every possession. It helps me, even though she's playing the 4. I hear her 24-7. She brings that energy we need in the 2-3 zone. And us being able to talk and be aggressive.”
Hayes also added 11 points and six rebounds in addition to her help in quarterbacking the zone defence. Hayes is often the first player in the gym on game days.
“I'm just working on my shot,” Hayes said. “That's something I'm trying to grow in the four years I've been here. I need to put in the work. No one can do it for me. I want to have my teammates' backs.”
When USC cut the lead to nine points at 42-33 on Simon's basket before the third-quarter buzzer, UCLA answered with consecutive baskets from Canada and Billings to push the lead back to double digits.
MOVING UP THE CHARTS
Canada needed just two points to move into third place on UCLA's career scoring list, and she did that and then some, surpassing Rehema Stephens. Canada has 1,901 career points.
SUPER BOWL SHUFFLE
Both USC and UCLA will practice on Sunday. Close said her team will practice during the day, then watch the Super Bowl if players choose to do so. “I'm rooting for the good commercials,” Close said.
INURY UPDATE
Simon landed hard on the floor in the second quarter and left the game to go into concussion protocol. She passed testing and returned in the third quarter, according to a USC spokesperson.
BIG PICTURE
USC: The Trojans have work to do this weekend if they're to avenge this loss — UCLA and USC meet again in three days.
UCLA: The Bruins put together one of their best defensive outings of the season in the first half, and that's something they can build on for the final seven regular season conference games.
UP NEXT
USC: Hosts UCLA on Monday.
UCLA: Plays at USC on Monday.
NEWTON FALLS, Ohio (WYTV) – Police have released the identity of the man found shot and killed Saturday morning in Newton Falls.
When officers got to the apartment on Ridge Road, they found 49-year-old Howard Smith shot in the head.
A woman who lives at the apartment was there at the time and called police.
The police chief said an autopsy will be done on Smith either today or Tuesday.
Investigators said they're treating the death as suspicious.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested following a large-scale disturbance in Kelvingrove Park in Glasgow.
A police helicopter and officers, including those on horseback, were called to the park just after 20:00.
A spokesman said a 17-year-old was taken to hospital.
His injuries are not thought to be life threatening.
Texas Tech University Department of Nutritional Sciences
Earn money to lose weight and eat FREE food:
We are looking for healthy women ages 18-44 years old with Body Mass Index [weight(kg)/height2(m2)] ranges from 30.0 to 39.9 kg/m2 to participate in a 2-week study about the effects of eating breakfast on body measurements.
You will be required to visit our facility in the morning for 2 weeks to eat the breakfasts provided. Some blood tests and questionnaires involved.
You will receive a total up to $150 if you participate!
Transportation to our clinic will not be provided and all participation is completely confidential. Your participation in this study is greatly appreciated and you can stop participating at any time during the study if you so desire.
For more information or if you are interested in participating, please contact Yaqiong Zhu, Graduate Research Assistant, at yaqiong.zhu@ttu.edu or by phone at 352-215-5409.
Thank you!
This study has been approved by the Human Research Protection Program at Texas Tech University.
NEW YORK — Fifth Harmony is going on “hiatus.”
The girl group announced Monday on Twitter that Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregui will pursue “solo endeavours.” The group says the break will allow them “to gain new experiences, strengths and perspectives that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family.”
The group says it will perform remaining 2018 shows.
Camila Cabello left the group in 2016.
The singers auditioned as solo artists on “The X Factor” in 2012, but they were formed into a group and finished third in the competition.
Fifth Harmony released their debut album “Reflection” in 2015. They released their third album “Fifth Harmony” in 2017
Thursday's transfer rumours claim England defender may be subject of a multi-million bid....
Daily Star: West Ham United are poised to make a £10m bid for Manchester United defender Chris Smalling.
Daily Mirror: Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata could complete a £65m move to Old Trafford next week.
Daily Mail: However, Morata's Madrid team-mate Gareth Bale is not looking for a move despite interest from United.
Daily Mirror: Liverpool must pay Roma £35.5m for winger Mohamed Salah.
A Bola: Liverpool and Chelsea want Porto midfielder Ruben Neves.
Daily Mail: Monaco striker Kylian Mbappe said he will have to ‘sort' through his offers this summer with Madrid and Arsenal both interested.
The Independent: For their part, Arsenal are determined to resist any offers from Manchester City or Chelsea for Alexis Sanchez.
The Sun: Hull City defender Harry Maguire will reportedly be offered £80,000 a week over five years to join Leicester City.
DHA: However, Foxes duo Jamie Vardy and Ahmed Musa could be the subject of bids from Fenerbahce.
Radio CRC: AC Milan's Carlos Bacca and Napoli's Duvan Zapata are reportedly striker targets for Everton.
Image copyright GMP/BBC Image caption "Mr Big" Paul Massey (left) and John Kinsella were both fatally shot
Three people have been arrested over the murders of notorious criminal figures Paul Massey and John Kinsella.
Massey, 55, was shot dead in 2015 and Kinsella, 53, from Rainhill, was fatally shot earlier this month.
A man, 37, was arrested at Manchester Airport on suspicion of both murders.
A man, 48, is being held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Massey and a woman, 39, was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender over the Kinsella murder, Greater Manchester Police said.
All three remain in custody for questioning.
Salford-born Massey, a security boss and businessman, was a convicted criminal once branded "Mr Big".
Kinsella was an underworld enforcer, said to have saved former Liverpool footballer Steven Gerrard from a gangster.
Police carried out dawn raids on Wednesday at addresses in the Heywood, Rochdale and Salford areas of Greater Manchester as well as in Cheshire as part of a joint operation between Greater Manchester Police (GMP) and Merseyside Police.
The families of the victims have been informed of the arrests, which are the first made in connection with each murder.
Det Ch Insp Carl Jones, of GMP, said although each murder has a separate investigation, "we will continue to liaise with colleagues from Merseyside Police".
Image caption Paul Massey was dubbed "Mr Big" at a meeting to discuss civil disturbances in 1992
Massey was killed by a masked gunman in "military-style" clothes outside his Salford home on 26 July 2015, police said.
Several witnesses saw the gunman approach the father-of-five at about 19:30 BST as he got out of his silver BMW at his home in Manchester Road.
Massey, jailed in 1999 for 14 years over a stabbing, unsuccessfully stood to be Salford mayor in 2012.
Kinsella was shot while walking his dog with his partner on a footpath near the St Helens Linkway near the M62 in Merseyside on 5 May.
His killer was on a mountain bike and fired the gun at his partner as she ran away from the scene, police said.
During a 2008 trial, Gerrard's father said in a letter that Kinsella stopped a gangster from threatening his son.
Paul Gerrard described Kinsella as a "fixer" who had intervened when the gangster, known as The Psycho, had threatened to shoot the former footballer in the legs in 2001.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
UTUADO, Puerto Rico — They come in carloads to gulp mouthfuls of fresh, cold spring water spewing from a network of plastic pipes jutting from a mountainside on a highway. They come with children to bathe, baskets of dirty clothes to wash and containers of all sizes to fill.
When they are done, some take those containers home to share with others who can't make the trip and who are still without drinking water more than two weeks after Hurricane Maria left their faucets dry.
“It's a miracle that God still has a little bit of water for each of us,” said Wilfredo Ramos Mercado, who lives in this town, nestled in Puerto Rico's Central Mountain region.
Water flows from PVC pipes that capture spring water and provide a makeshift water station for Utuado residents who have been without water since Hurricane Maria hit in Puerto Rico on Oct. 5, 2017. Suzanne Gamboa / NBC News
The federal government said that as of Wednesday, 54 percent of Puerto Rico's residents had "access" to drinking water, but it isn't clear whether that includes makeshift spring-fed water stations like Utuado's or nonpotable running water.
The images of loading and unloading pallets of water bottles during the Hurricane Maria relief effort have been a sign that help was on its way. Or, in the case of San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz, they were the backdrop for her criticism of the inefficient response that she said was killing Puerto Ricans.
For residents in Utuado and nearby communities, the water station — built by local residents using PVC pipes, not an uncommon sight in Puerto Rico — has become a major point of access. While it is Mother Nature that put many of the island's residents in this situation, they are now relying on her to recover.
"We make due with what we have from the mountain, from nature," said Guillermo Larregui Sanchez, from nearby Arecibo.
Residents who have been living without water since Hurricane Maria collect water from a hillside spring on October 05, 2017 in Utuado, Puerto Rico. Brock Stoneham / NBC News
"There is no water where I live, so I have to come here," he said, adding that he comes to the spring in Utuado every day to get water for his 80-year-old mother. "A lot of people come here, all day long it's like this — looking for water all day."
Utuado was initially cut off from relief efforts by mudslides and downed trees that blocked roadways. Most streets are now open for traffic, although workers with heavy equipment are still clearing small passages.
On Thursday afternoon, Mercado, 32, pulled hardware-store buckets, an ice cream pail and other containers from a friend's car trunk after arriving at the water station. He filled them for himself and older and disabled neighbors who have no way to get to the station.
“We're human beings, we aren't animals," Ramos said. "We have to help each other out.”
Residents who have been living without water since Hurricane Maria collect water for themselves and their community from a military distribution vehicle on October 05, 2017 in Utuado, Puerto Rico. Brock Stoneham / NBC News
Jose Arocho Cortes, 72, a business owner, had come from Arecibo to collect water to clean his home, while Jorge H. Mendez, 59, of Utuado, said he was getting water to drink.
"This is how we survive," he said.
Word has spread about the highway water station. Both young and old have found relief from the exhausting heat while they commune with others who feel that mighty Maria picked them up and tossed into the past.
Wilfredo Ramos Mercado poses on October 05, 2017 in Utuado, Puerto Rico. he has been living without electricity and running water since Hurricane Maria battered Puerto Rico and has been gathering water for neighbors. Brock Stoneham / NBC News
Related: For Puerto Ricans in Hard-Hit Arecibo, 'Everything Was Lost'
“There's a disaster here in Utuado and all of Puerto Rico, but we are doing well, thank God,” said Angel Medina Cerrano, 70, who came from nearby Los Pinos with a group that brought several giant plastic barrels in the bed of a pickup so they could return with water for up to several hundred people.
“We come every day, every day all of us come together on this bus. We share the water, it's for everyone,” he said. “We share it like we're brothers.”
The town of Utuado on October 5, 2017, Puerto Rico has been without electricity and running water since Hurricane Maria battered Puerto Rico. Brock Stoneham / NBC News
While some at the station came not to drink the water but to use it for other needs, like flushing toilets, the ones who did drink said they had no fear of becoming sick. In fact, when a Puerto Rico National Guard truck showed up with certified potable water, many at the station did not cue up, saying the spring water was better because it has no chlorine.
A Guard sergeant said his water purification unit was delivering potable water to places identified as most in need and he felt that, even with the do-it-yourself water station, this was one of those places.
Medina's group accepted the water from Guard's tank, which filled up their large containers faster than the makeshift water station.
The town of Utuado on October 5, 2017, Puerto Rico has been without electricity and running water since Hurricane Maria battered Puerto Rico. Brock Stoneham / NBC News
Doctors have said they are bracing for cases of water-borne illnesses in people who have been drinking nonpotable water. While homes with gas or outdoor stoves are able to boil water, homes that rely on electricity have to wait until water stations can be restored.
Related: Puerto Rico's Hospitals Still in Triage Mode 2 Weeks After Maria
Francisco Gonzalez Torres, 37, was at water station Thursday filling 16-ounce bottles, one after another, something he's been doing every day, he said.
He was grateful to have the water source, but said the convenience wasn't enough to wash away the anxiety of trying to care for his father, who has Alzheimer's, and push through the “olden times” way of life that Maria has forced on them.
“It's terrible,” he said, breaking into tears.
Residents who have been living without water since Hurricane Maria collect water from a hillside spring in Utuado, Puerto Rico on Oct. 5, 2017. Brock Stoneham / NBC News
The teeming life at the water station is in contrast to conditions in the state forest of Rio Abajo, which spans Utuado and Arecibo. Its trees are now stripped of their emerald coats and the once lush mountains are a stark landscape of snapped, jagged tree trunks. Were it not for the blaring sun, one might think winter had come.
“It was as if a bomb fell here because I couldn't see any of those houses from here. None of it,” said Cinthia Serrano, an Arecibo resident, pointing to homes in the distance. “You can see all of these houses that I never in my life have been able to see from over here.”
"It looks like a fire happened here," she said, "not a hurricane."
British Airways has launched its investment plans for customers.
The investments include: £400 million ($500 million) in Club World (long-haul business class), introducing Club Europe on UK domestic services, new lounges, First Wing direct security and lounge access at Heathrow, the latest generation wi-fi to be fitted on long-haul and short-haul fleets over the next two years, and self-service check-in and biometric boarding gates to speed up the airport journey.
Alex Cruz, British Airways' chairman and CEO, said: “We will invest and innovate where our customers value it most, and differentiate ourselves with a unique on-board experience and service. We're investing in Club World, focusing now on improved catering and sleep, and in the future on a new seat.
“We're investing in the best wi-fi in the sky, new lounges and direct access to security and our lounges for our first customers, via our new First Wing at Heathrow.
We're also aligning our business cabin and service across all our flights by introducing Club Europe on domestic flights.”
The airline will be investing £400 million in Club World (long-haul business class), which will enhance the experience of dining at 38,000 feet and deliver a good night's sleep when flying with British Airways.
From June, new catering will be introduced in the Heathrow business lounges to improve food quality and extend the breakfast service to 11 a.m. In the air from July, fresh new linen, bigger pillows, a soft mattress topper and duvet will be supplied.
From September, a new restaurant-style premium dining service will begin in Club World, with display trolleys allowing customers to select dishes from a choice of freshly prepared starters and desserts served on beautiful new table settings. A revamped service approach will be delivered to customers with a new culinary boutique experience. These changes will launch on flights between London Heathrow and New York JFK, before being rolled out across the rest of the long-haul network during 2018.
The airline is also developing options for a new seat in Club World with direct aisle access in 2019. Details will be released in due course.
British Airways has launched its investment plans for customers.
The investments include: £400 million ($500 million) in Club World (long-haul business class), introducing Club Europe on UK domestic services, new lounges, First Wing direct security and lounge access at Heathrow, the latest generation wi-fi to be fitted on long-haul and short-haul fleets over the next two years, and self-service check-in and biometric boarding gates to speed up the airport journey.
Alex Cruz, British Airways' chairman and CEO, said: “We will invest and innovate where our customers value it most, and differentiate ourselves with a unique on-board experience and service. We're investing in Club World, focusing now on improved catering and sleep, and in the future on a new seat.
“We're investing in the best wi-fi in the sky, new lounges and direct access to security and our lounges for our first customers, via our new First Wing at Heathrow.
We're also aligning our business cabin and service across all our flights by introducing Club Europe on domestic flights.”
The airline will be investing £400 million in Club World (long-haul business class), which will enhance the experience of dining at 38,000 feet and deliver a good night's sleep when flying with British Airways.
From June, new catering will be introduced in the Heathrow business lounges to improve food quality and extend the breakfast service to 11 a.m. In the air from July, fresh new linen, bigger pillows, a soft mattress topper and duvet will be supplied.
From September, a new restaurant-style premium dining service will begin in Club World, with display trolleys allowing customers to select dishes from a choice of freshly prepared starters and desserts served on beautiful new table settings. A revamped service approach will be delivered to customers with a new culinary boutique experience. These changes will launch on flights between London Heathrow and New York JFK, before being rolled out across the rest of the long-haul network during 2018.
The airline is also developing options for a new seat in Club World with direct aisle access in 2019. Details will be released in due course.
The Annual Bowie Chamber of Commerce Shred-a-Thon will be from 9 a.m. to noon on June 9 in Bowie Plaza.
This year the chamber will be collecting donations of non-perishable “kid friendly” food items as payment. They will be donated to The Bowie Mission.
These items are in need when the children are out of school and includes cereal, Pop Tarts, macaroni and cheese and ramen noodles.
It's Friday, so here are 30 temporarily free and 42 on-sale apps, plus the Daydream Summer Sale
A bride and groom on their way to Costa Rica for their wedding said Saturday they were kicked off their United flight in Houston after a discrepancy with plane seating.
Michael Hohl and his fiancé, Amber Maxwell, were flying from Salt Lake City and had a layover at George Bush International Airport, KHOU-TV reported. Hohl said they were the last to board the plane and when they approached their seats, in row 24, they found a man sleeping in them.
Hohl said they decided to move up to the 21st row, not waking the man. He told the station they really did not think anything of it because the flight was half-full and had multiple empty rows.
“We thought not a big deal, it's not like we are trying to jump up into a first-class seat,” Hohl told the station. “We were simply in an economy row a few rows above our economy seat.”
An issue quickly arose as soon as Hohl and Maxwell took their seats. A flight attendant approached the pair and asked if they were in their ticketed seats. Row 21 on United flights are “economy plus” seats, an upgrade. The attendant told the pair they had to return to their seats.
Hohl said they complied with the request, but were soon approached by a U.S. Marshal who came onto the plane and asked them to be removed. With the incident of Dr. David Dao being dragged off of a United flight fresh in their minds, the couple complied with the Marshal's request.
“They said that we were being disorderly and a hazard to the rest of the flight, to the safety of the other customers,” Hohl said.
Hohl added that they did ask to be upgraded, but were told no, the Dallas Morning-News reported.
United Airlines said in a statement that the couple repeatedly tried to sit in the “economy plus” seats.
“These passengers repeatedly attempted to sit in upgraded seating which they did not purchase and they would not follow crew instructions to return to their assigned seats,” the airline said.
The couple was rebooked the next morning, but Hohl said they would not use United Airlines again to fly.
“I think customer service and the airlines has gone real downhill,” he added. “The way United Airlines handled this was really absurd.”
In wake of the incident on a United Express flight last week, United announced it is changing a company policy and will no longer allow crew members to displace customers already onboard an airplane.
Click for more from KHOU-TV.
Image copyright Assynt Crofters Trust Image caption Assynt Crofters Trust's new boat
Assynt Crofters' Trust has sought to improve access to a part of the 21,300-acre North Assynt Estate, which it bought 25 years ago.
The trust has purchased a boat built for use by people with mobility issues, including wheelchair users.
The craft, a Coulam 16 Wheelyboat, will be operated on the estate's Loch Drumbeg.
It will be used for anglers and visitors interested in wildlife watching trips.
Trump feuds with Congresswoman over call to fallen soldier's widow
President Donald Trump and U.S. Rep. Frederica Wilson from Miami Gardens have been feuding over a call he made to a fallen soldier's widow. Sgt. La David T. Johnson was killed in an ambush during a joint-military mission in Niger on Oct. 4, 2017.
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing his resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - The Latest on the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
6:05 p.m.
Missouri Lt. Gov. Mike Parson says he's planning a private swearing-in ceremony to take over after Gov. Eric Greitens resigns.
Greitens is resigning Friday instead of continuing to fight a criminal charge and potential impeachment proceedings over alleged sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Parson will take his place as governor. Both are Republicans who won separate races for their respective offices in 2016.
Parson says he's planning a private ceremony Friday because of time constraints. He said he'll plan a public event later.
Parson says he'll be working for the rest of the week and weekend on his transition to the state's top executive. He says he'll have discussions later about how the open lieutenant governor's seat should be handled.
___
5:30 p.m.
A former Missouri Supreme Court chief justice says a prosecutor's agreement to drop a criminal case against Gov. Eric Greitens following his resignation is "a good result for him."
Michael Wolff said Wednesday that it's possible that Greitens supporters were counting Missouri House votes on his impeachment and concluded he couldn't avoid it. Greitens plans to step down Friday.
Wolff also is a retired Saint Louis University law school dean. He said Greitens will leave office admitting to "doing nothing" and it's possible that in six months that he will say a "liberal cabal" pushed him out.
Wolff also said it's "surprising" that the agreement would protect the prosecutor and her staff from being sued over their actions.
He said, "I don't know if I've ever seen that."
___
4 p.m.
A former federal prosecutor says that an agreement to drop a criminal case against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens when he resigned is a "fair resolution" to the case.
Jean Paul Bradshaw II said Wednesday that the St. Louis city prosecutor's office accomplished the "greatest public benefit" it could with Greitens' departure from office. Bradshaw is a Kansas City attorney who served as U.S. attorney for western Missouri in 1989-93.
Greitens plans to step down Friday. Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner agreed to drop a felony charge of computer data tampering. The charge accused Greitens of improperly suing a donor list for a charity he founded for his 2016 campaign.
Bradshaw said Greitens' resignation makes the agreement to drop the case appropriate because the state can "get back to doing business."
___
1 p.m.
A St. Louis judge has agreed to dismiss a felony computer data tampering case against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Circuit Judge Rex Burlison on Wednesday approved an agreement reached by Greitens' attorneys and the St. Louis circuit attorney's office. Greitens announced his resignation on Tuesday. It is effective 5 p.m. Friday.
The dismissal agreement has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner and everyone in her office from civil liability.
Greitens also was indicted in February on invasion of privacy stemming from an alleged affair with his St. Louis hairdresser in 2015. The charge was dropped earlier this month. A special prosecutor is deciding whether to refile that case.
___
12:35 p.m.
A county judge ordered attorneys to preserve data from phones targeted in an investigation into a text-deleting phone app used by Gov. Eric Greitens and some of his staff.
Circuit Judge Jon Beetem on Wednesday ordered Robert Thompson, who is representing Greitens' office, to compile a list of those who used the Confide app, along with the telephone numbers they used.
Attorney Mark Pedroli filed a lawsuit contending Greitens and his top staff violated the state's open records laws by using the app.
The Columbia Daily Tribune reports Beetem's ordered Pedroli and Thompson to present draft lists of the data on the phones by the end of the day.
Thompson had filed a motion seeking time to confer with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson about whether to continue to defend the case after Parson becomes governor Friday.
___
This story corrects the spelling of Greitens in one reference.
___
12:10 p.m.
A spokeswoman for St. Louis' top prosecutor says the office agreed to drop a computer tampering charge against Gov. Eric Greitens after his attorneys suggested he would resign if the case was dismissed.
Susan Ryan, a spokeswoman for Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner, told The Associated Press that defense attorneys approached the office and Gardner agreed to their proposal.
Defense attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue but added, "I don't think that's exactly the full play." He didn't elaborate.
Martin says he expects a felony invasion of privacy charge against Greitens will be resolved soon as well. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile that charge.
___
This item corrects that Gardner agreed to the defense proposal.
___
11:30 a.m.
Defense attorney Jim Martin says he's happy "we've eliminated the issue" of the computer tampering charge against departing Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping that charge against Greitens. A special prosecutor is considering whether to refile an invasion of privacy charge against him. Martin says he thinks "we'll resolve that soon" but would not elaborate.
Martin says "it's now time to leave the governor alone and let him and his family heal."
___
11:20 a.m.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt."
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping the computer tampering charge against Greitens, who is resigning on Friday. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile another criminal charge against him.
Gardner says she made the agreement to dismiss the computer charge after conversations with Greitens' attorneys. She says there was enough evidence to bring the charge but that if he were convicted, it's unlikely Greitens would have served any jail time due to his status as a first-time offender.
As for Greitens allegations of a witch hunt, Gardner said she rejects his "shameful personal attacks" and "dangerous and false rhetoric about the criminal justice system and the rule of law."
___
11:05 a.m.
Missouri's top legislative leaders are meeting with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson to plan the transition in power when Gov. Eric Greitens resigns.
Parson met Wednesday with House Speaker Todd Richardson, Senate President Pro Tem Ron Richard and Senate Majority Leader Mike Kehoe.
The lawmakers said they have invited Parson to deliver a speech to a joint session of the Legislature in the coming weeks.
Greitens announced Tuesday that he was resigning Friday instead of continuing to fight a criminal charge and potential impeachment proceedings over alleged sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Among those meeting Wednesday with Parson was Sarah Steelman, Greitens' administration commissioner. Parson also was receiving enhanced security that is supplied to incoming governors.
___
10:40 a.m.
The prosecutor's office in St. Louis will drop a felony charge of computer data tampering against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, now that the Republican governor has announced his resignation.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced the decision Wednesday, a day after Greitens' surprise announcement that he would step down effective Friday afternoon.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity he founded, The Mission Continues, for his 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis, stemming from an extramarital affair in 2015. The case was dismissed earlier this month and a special prosecutor in Jackson County is still considering whether to refile the charge.
___
This story has been corrected to reflect the charity's name as The Mission Continues.
___
9 a.m.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is planning to explain the resolution of criminal charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner's news conference is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
She said Tuesday that her office has reached a "fair and just resolution" on charges of tampering with a computer against Greitens.
Greitens announced the same day that he is resigning as governor, effective Friday.
A felony indictment in February accused Greitens of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a St. Louis woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing.
___
8:30 a.m.
On a dreary overcast day, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor's Mansion and recounted his grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest he would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Less than two weeks later, Greitens announced Tuesday that he is quitting with his mission incomplete.
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday - marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged his resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A high speed chase resulted in an injury accident Tuesday afternoon in Manhattan.
According to Riley County Police the chase began in Shawnee County and went through Pottawatomie County before ending with an injury accident on 4th and Fort Riley Boulevard.
Riley County Police secured the scene for the Kansas Highway Patrol, closing all lanes on Fort Riley Boulevard from Juliette to 4th Street for over an hour.
This story will be updated as more information becomes available.
SEATTLE — Boeing Co. is looking ahead to a brave new world where jetliners fly without pilots and aims to test some of the technology next year, the world's biggest plane maker said in a briefing ahead of the Paris Airshow.
The idea may seem far-fetched but with self-flying drones available for less than $1,000, "the basic building blocks of the technology clearly are available," said Mike Sinnett, Boeing's vice president of product development.
Jetliners can already take off, cruise and land using their onboard flight computers and the number of pilots on a standard passenger plane has dropped to two from three over the years.
Jason Clark (4th L), Vice President of Boeing 777 and 777X Operations, points to a model during a media tour of the 777 Wing Horizontal Build Line at Boeing's production facility in Everett, Washington. June 1, 2017. JASON REDMOND / Reuters
Sinnett, a pilot himself, plans to test the technology in a cockpit simulator this summer and "fly on an airplane next year some artificial intelligence that makes decisions that pilots would make", he said.
Self-flying aircraft would need to meet the safety standards of air travel, which had its safest year in 2016, according to the Aviation Safety Network. They would also need to convince regulators who don't yet know how to certify such planes.
"I have no idea how we're going to do that," Sinnett said. "But we're studying it right now and we're developing those algorithms."
Airlines are among those backing the idea, in part to deal with a projected need for 1.5 million pilots over the next 20 years as global demand for air travel continues to grow.
But a self-flying plane would need to be able to land safely as Captain Chesley Sullenberger did in the "Miracle on the Hudson," Sinnett said. "If it can't, then we can't go there."
A U.S. Airways plane hit a flock of geese shortly after taking off from New York in 2009 knocking out its engines but Sullenberger managed to glide the Airbus A320 to a safe landing on the Hudson River, saving all 150 passengers on board.
Boeing is also inching closer to creating its next new aircraft to plug a gap in its product line between its best-selling narrow-bodied 737 and its larger 787 Dreamliner. It aims to bring the new jet to customers around 2025.
After in-depth talks with nearly 60 customers it concluded that current wide-body planes have too much range for most of the routes narrow-body planes fly, Boeing Commercial Airplanes Chief Executive Kevin McAllister said in a separate briefing.
"This is a market that cannot be served by narrow-bodies - not by ours or our competitors'" he said, referring to rival Airbus. "It can be served by wide-bodies, the question is can it be more efficiently served by a targeted airplane?"
Having made a rare European Tour cut, Darren Clarke fell apart on his third round and now sits last of the 81-strong weekend field, 18 strokes behind leaders Jorge Campillo and Dylan Frittelli.
Spain's Campillo and South African Frittelli lead the Maybank Championship after a third round which saw 13 different players holding a share of the lead at some point.
As the rest of the pack fought for supremacy in Kuala Lumpur, Campillo and Fratelli were able to post bogey-free rounds of 66 to reach 15 under.
Clarke was sitting pretty at four under after two rounds, but on Saturday in Malaysia it got away from him with a seven over featuring three bogies, a double bogey and a pair of triples. He's now on plus three.
One shot behind the leaders are American Berry Henson and India's Khalin Joshi, who both hit 65s.
Scotland's Marc Warren lies tied for fifth with five other players on 13 under after carding 69. His group is also made up of Thailand's Prayad Marksaeng and Phachara Khongwatmai, Japanese pair Hideto Tanihara and Ryo Ishikawa and Italian Nino Bertasio.
England's Lee Westwood had been in contention after the second round more than two decades after his first victory at the Saujana Golf & Country Club but dropped down the order after a third-round 70.
He finished the third day as part of an eight-man group tied for 11th on 12 under par which also included Spain's Pablo Larrazabal.
SINGAPORE: Three young Britons pleaded guilty Monday to sexually assaulting a drunken Malaysian woman during a stag party in Singapore and may now face long prison terms and caning.
Khong Tam Thanh, Le Michael and Vu Thai Son, all in their 20s, were originally charged with rape but admitted the lesser offense of sexual assault at the city-state's High Court after a four-day trial.
The men, British citizens of Vietnamese origin, will be sentenced on Tuesday. Sexual assault carries a penalty of up to 10 years jail and caning, a punishment that dates back to British colonial rule.
The three were in Singapore in September as part of a group of nine for a bachelor party, and attended an electronic music festival called Ultra Singapore.
The groom, the brother of Khong, was also on the trip.
They met the 23-year-old woman in a popular nightspot in the city-state. After she had agreed to have sex with one of their friends, a British citizen also of Vietnamese origin identified as Richard Ahn, he took her to his hotel room.
After the pair had sex, Khong, 22, Le and Vu — both 24 — took turns to enter the room and have sex with the woman as she lay drunk and unconscious, the court heard.
While the men took care to make as little noise as possible, the woman woke up as Le was assaulting her.
Prosecutors asked for a prison sentence of between five and seven years.
“The offender must pay for what he has done... (In this case), they clearly exploited the victim,” said deputy public prosecutor G. Kannan.
Khong and Vu, who worked as beauticians in Britain, were convicted of an additional charge of sexual assault by using their fingers to penetrate the woman. Le is unemployed.
The men's lawyers all read out letters from their clients apologizing to the victim.
“(Khong) was rash, he was reckless, and now he regrets it,” his lawyer Shashi Nathan told the court.
He also offered the victim Sg$5,000 ($3,700) in compensation, which prosecutors said the woman has accepted.
MicroVision, Inc. (NASDAQ MVIS), a leader in innovative ultra miniature laser display and sensing technology, today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 4,761,905 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $2.10 per share, for gross proceeds of approximately $10 million. MicroVision has also granted the underwriter a 30 day option to purchase up to an additional 714,286 shares of common stock to cover over allotments, if any.
Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., a subsidiary of Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. (NYSE American: LTS), is acting as the sole underwriter of the offering. Rodman & Renshaw, a unit of H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, is acting as financial advisor in the offering.
MicroVision expects to receive net proceeds, after deducting the underwriting discount and estimated offering expenses, of approximately $9.1 million from the offering. MicroVision intends to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes. The offering is expected to close on or about August 15, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.
The securities described above are being offered by MicroVision pursuant to its registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-211869) (including a related registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933), previously declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities in the offering, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. The offering may be made only by means of the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the proposed offering. The preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus related to the offering have been filed with the SEC, and a final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus related to the offering will be filed with the SEC, and will be available on the SEC's website located at http://www.sec.gov and may also be obtained, when available, from Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., 277 Park Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, NY 10172, or by email at prospectus@ladenburg.com.
About MicroVision
MicroVision is the creator of PicoP® scanning technology, an ultra-miniature laser projection and sensing solution based on the laser beam scanning methodology pioneered by the company. MicroVision's platform approach for this advanced display and sensing solution means that it can be adapted to a wide array of applications and form factors. It is an advanced solution for a rapidly evolving, always-on world. MicroVision's business model and product line offering includes display and sensing engines, licensing its patented technology and selling components to licensees for incorporation into their scanning engines.
Extensive research has led MicroVision to become an independently recognized leader in the development of intellectual property. MicroVision's IP portfolio has been recognized by the Patent Board as a top 50 IP portfolio among global industrial companies and has been included in the Ocean Tomo 300 Patent Index. The company is based in Redmond, Wash.
MicroVision and PicoP are trademarks of MicroVision, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks are the properties of their respective owners.
Forward-looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this release, including those relating to closing of the offering, and those statements using words such as "expects" or "intends" are forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the company's forward-looking statements include the following: our ability to successfully complete the offering on terms and conditions satisfactory to us; the possible adverse impact on the market price of our shares of common stock due to the dilutive effect of the securities to be sold in the offering; capital market risks; our ability to raise additional capital when needed; products incorporating our PicoP® display engine may not achieve market acceptance, commercial partners may not perform under agreements as anticipated, we may be unsuccessful in identifying parties interested in paying any amounts or amounts we deem desirable for the purchase of products or license of IP assets, our or our customers failure to perform under open purchase orders; our financial and technical resources relative to those of our competitors; our ability to keep up with rapid technological change; government regulation of our technologies; our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary technologies; the ability to obtain additional contract awards; the timing of commercial product launches and delays in product development; the ability to achieve key technical milestones in key products; dependence on third parties to develop, manufacture, sell and market our products; potential product liability claims; and other risk factors identified from time to time in the company's SEC reports, including the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. Except as expressly required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in circumstances or any other reason.
Additional Information
Additional information relating to MicroVision can be found on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.
U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley was determined to hold a Security Council meeting on the importance of human rights to international peace and security and it will happen on Tuesday — but only after the U.S. addressed objections from Russia, China and other council members.
Haley told reporters at the start of the U.S. presidency of the U.N.'s most powerful body in early April that she wanted a meeting that didn't “point fingers at anyone” but looked at underlying human rights issues that lead to conflict and unrest.
As examples, she cited student protests against Syrian President Bashar Assad that sparked the six-year conflict, the self-immolation of a Tunisian fruit vendor who was harassed by police and not able to work that sparked nationwide demonstrations, and massive rights violations in North Korea.
But Russia's deputy U.N. ambassador Petr Iliichev took issue with the premise of the proposed debate saying: “A general statement that international peace and security are threatened by human rights violations is not true.”
He also argued that other U.N. bodies including the Geneva-based Human Rights Council and the General Assembly already deal with human rights. “Why are we taking everything to the Security Council? Then those bodies should be dismantled,” Iliichev said.
Haley said the U.S. wanted the debate on April 18, with Secretary-General Antonio Guterres briefing.
But it wasn't on the Security Council “program of work” for the month because that needs unanimous agreement of all 15 council members, which the U.S. didn't have.
That set the stage for two weeks of behind the scenes discussions to see how the U.S. could get a meeting.
The United States initially wanted the debate under a new agenda item for the council entitled “Human Rights and International Peace and Security” — which would mean that item could be raised again and again in the council.
The U.S. Mission circulated a “concept paper” saying this would give council members the opportunity to reflect on the way the council addresses human rights in its work “for the first time.”
Since the late 1980s, the Security Council has focused on human rights issues as drivers in numerous situations, and it has authorized human rights experts and monitors for most of the U.N. peacekeeping and political missions it has authorized. The council, however, has never had a so-called “thematic debate” on human rights related to the Security Council's main mission of promoting international peace and security.
In order for the U.S. to get its new agenda item approved it would have had to hold a procedural vote at the start of Tuesday's meeting and get nine “yes” votes to go ahead. But council diplomats said it appeared the U.S. might have only eight “yes” votes and seven “no” votes — Russia, China, Egypt, Bolivia, Ethiopia, Khazakhstan and possibly Senegal.
So the United States agreed to a compromise.
In a note on Tuesday's meeting, the U.S. Mission to the United Nations said Monday it is being held under an old agenda item: “Maintenance of international peace and security,” with a focus on “human rights and prevention of armed conflict.”
That means no procedural vote is required and all 15 council members are now on board with the debate.
Former Kansas City Chiefs wide receiver Albert Wilson is among the weapons the Dolphins have added for Ryan Tannehill. David Eulitt TNS
WASHINGTON (AP) — Melania Trump is hosting executives from major online and social media companies to discuss cyberbullying and internet safety, more than a year after saying that would be her issue as first lady.
The meeting Tuesday marks her first public event on the topic, a choice some observers have questioned given that her husband often berates people on Twitter.
Amazon, Snap, Facebook, Google and Twitter are among the companies that are expected to attend the meeting. The Internet Association said it will also be represented.
All the major technology companies have strict policies prohibiting harassment and other bullying behavior on their services, but primarily rely on users to report abuses and weed them out. They try to clearly spell out the kinds of remarks and other posts that won't be tolerated in special sections such as one Facebook, the largest online social network, has set up. Instagram, a popular service among kids and young adults for sharing photos and videos, provides links to the U.S. government's anti-bullying site and tips from a cyberbullying research center on one of its help pages.
But the efforts so far have fallen short, leading to rampant abuses that even some of the companies acknowledge have driven away or tormented portions of their audience.
It got so bad on Twitter, which has 68 million U.S. users, that the San Francisco company vowed last fall to crack down on hateful tweets. Among other things, Twitter adopted new policies aimed at protecting women who unknowingly or unwillingly had nude pictures of themselves distributed online — a common bullying tactic.
Yik Yak, another messaging app once popular among high school and college students, shut down last year partly because schools banned it following complaints about bullying and harassment.
Online bullying takes many shapes, but some of the most common tactics include posting embarrassing or salacious photos, making demeaning or cruel remarks under a photo or in a general post about someone, and sharing screenshots of what at least one person thought was a private text.
Harassment is widespread and extends beyond teenagers. A Pew Research Center poll last year found 41 percent of U.S. adults believed they had been harassed online.
The popularity of and volume of content on major social media sites presents a huge challenge in policing what is being shared. Facebook, for instance, has 2.1 billion worldwide users who collectively share billions of posts on their pages daily. More than 300 hours of video is uploaded to Google's YouTube site every minute.
The companies are also constantly struggling to balance the desire to prevent harassment and other abuses and maintain a commitment to freedom of expression.
In some cases, they see harassment and still look the other way. For instance, some of President Trump's more vitriolic tweets have openly mocked and denigrated people, prompting calls for Twitter to shut down his account and ban him from its service. But Twitter has declined, maintaining the news value of the president's tweets eclipse complaints about him being a bully.
There is no federal law that applies to bullying. State laws vary, ranging from requiring public schools to have a bullying policy to requiring anonymous reporting systems, said Sameer Hinduja, co-director of the Cyberbullying Research Center and professor of criminology at Florida Atlantic University. The federal government can best help by giving schools more tools and money to provide programs, Hinduja said.
Mrs. Trump announced in a speech near the end of the 2016 presidential campaign that her priority as first lady would be to fight cyberbullying. A native of Slovenia, she at the time lamented a U.S. culture that she said had grown "too mean and too rough." It was a curious speech for a woman whose husband uses Twitter to dismiss people as losers and taunt them with unflattering nicknames.
The mother of a 12-year-old son, the first lady has made child well-being her focus in the White House, including an unexpected interest in how the opioid crisis is affecting youngsters.
She has visited hospitals and care centers to see the effects first hand, and has embraced parents whose children died from drug overdoses. She accompanied the president to New Hampshire on Monday as he discussed a three-pronged effort to combat drug addiction, including applying the death penalty against those caught trafficking highly addictive substances.
Mrs. Trump recently asked the spouses of U.S. governors to help promote values such as encouragement, kindness, compassion and respect in children. She has also spoken about limiting the amount of time children spend online, and helping them understand the content they are exposed to.
___
AP Business Writer Michael Liedtke in San Francisco contributed to this report.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
The Treasury Department on Monday released a brief one-page analysis of the Republican tax plan — despite Secretary Steve Mnuchin's earlier claims that “over 100 people” within the department were working on a detailed analysis.
"We are pleased to release an analysis demonstrating the revenue impact of the administration's economic agenda," Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs banker, said in a statement Monday.
The analysis, from the department's Office of Tax Policy, found that the GOP plan would raise $1.8 trillion over the next decade — though that projection was dismissed in a statement Monday as "nothing more than one page of fake math" by Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., and is at odds with estimates from Congress' own non-partisan Joint Committee on Taxation.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Mnuchin fails to deliver promised tax report 14:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In an interview with CNBC's John Harwood earlier this year, Mnuchin said that the department's work on the Republican tax plan would be “completely transparent.”
Related: Senate passes Republican-backed tax bill along party lines
“It will be scored by the joint tax group,” he said. “It will be scored by outside groups. It will be scored by the Treasury department. We have over 100 people working on this, and it will be a completely transparent process.”
But in a report last month, the New York Times found that the department's Office of Tax Policy had largely been sidelined from the type of process that Mnuchin described.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, right, and his wife Louise Linton, hold up a sheet of new $1 bills. Jacquelyn Martin / AP
In a 12-page analysis released last month, the Joint Committee on Taxation found that the Senate plan would raise $408 billion in revenue and add $1 trillion to the deficit after accounting for economic growth.
The Treasury analysis assumes that the economy will expand at a 2.9 percent growth rate — a rate that could theoretically keep the national debt from rising.
Related: Winners and losers in the Senate tax bill
Mnuchin has previously said the plan will “pay for itself,” but in Monday's analysis, the department attributed more than half of its projected revenue to changes in how corporations are taxed.
The Senate plan, however, would lower the corporate tax rate from 35 to 20 percent.
Related: Republicans are breaking four big promises in the Senate tax bill
"It's clear the White House and Republicans are grasping at straws to prove the unprovable and garner votes for a bill that nearly every single independent analysis has concluded will blow up the deficit and generate almost no additional economic activity to make up for it," Schumer said in his statement.
By Serajul Quadir and Ruma Paul
DHAKA (Reuters) - Officials in Bangladesh are trying to track down the extended family and any known associates of Akayed Ullah, a Bangladeshi man U.S. authorities say set off a homemade pipe bomb in a crowded New York City commuter hub on Monday.
"Police are looking for his family, but so far they've not been able to trace them," said Abul Khair Nadim, the Chair of Musapur Union council, a local government body in the Chittagong division in southern Bangladesh, where Ullah's family originally lived.
Bangladesh's police chief told Reuters late on Monday that 27-year-old Ullah had no criminal record in his home country, which he last visited in September.
Ullah lived with his mother, sister and two brothers in Brooklyn and was a green card holder, said Shameem Ahsan, consul general of Bangladesh in New York.
Ahmad Ullah, a relative of Ullah, who Reuters tracked down on Tuesday, said his cousin's father had moved to the Bangladeshi capital of Dhaka with his family many years ago.
He said Ullah's father had passed away about five years ago, and that Ullah had been through a normal public school education in Bangladesh before moving to the United States.
Ullah, who had a homemade bomb strapped to his body, set off an explosion in an underground pedestrian corridor between New York's Times Square and the Port Authority Bus Terminal at rush hour, injuring himself and three others in what New York Mayor Bill de Blasio called an attempted terrorist attack.
A law enforcement official familiar with the investigation said investigators have found evidence that Ullah had watched Islamic State propaganda on the internet.
Bangladesh strongly condemned the attack in a statement saying, "A terrorist is a terrorist irrespective of his or her ethnicity or religion, and must be brought to justice."
(Reporting by Serajul Quadir and Ruma Paul in Dhaka; Writing by Euan Rocha; Editing by Michael Perry)
Mayweather, McGregor agrees to August super fight
Boxing legend Floyd Mayweather and mixed martial arts champion Conor McGregor — the kingpins of their respective sports — announced Wednesday they would fight on August 26 in Las Vegas.
The 40-year-old Mayweather announced the fight on his Instagram account with a graphic saying “IT'S OFFICIAL!!!” showing pictures of both fighters and listing Las Vegas as the location. McGregor sent out a tweet stating “THE FIGHT IS ON.” He also included photos of the pair.
MMA promoter Dana White said the bout would take place at the T-Mobile Arena and it would be a boxing match at 154-pounds with 10 ounce gloves.
“We have been in negotiations for a while,” White told American sports broadcaster ESPN. “The negotiations went smooth. Floyd Mayweather surrounds himself with smart people and we got the deal done.”
McGregor is the top pay-per-view draw in UFC while Mayweather had been the moneyspinner in some of boxing's biggest bouts, including matchups with Filipino legend Manny Pacquiao and US star Oscar De La Hoya. Mayweather earned $250 million for his fight against Pacquiao.
Neither Mayweather nor McGregor have competed this year. Mayweather retired from pro boxing in 2015 after defeating Andre Berto, while McGregor (21-3) defeated Eddie Alvarez in November 2016.
White said the key to finalizing the fight was luring Mayweather out of his 23-month retirement.
“Everybody is happy with this deal,” White said. “Nobody is bummed out.”
The boxing format heavily favours the undefeated Mayweather (49-0, 26 KOs) who many consider to be the best pound-for-pound fighter in the world.
McGregor, a 28-year-old Irishman, will be entering unknown territory as he has not stepped in a boxing ring since he was a teenager.
Unknown territory
Despite having little or no boxing experience, White insists his MMA client McGregor is confident of victory. McGregor is UFC's only simultaneous two-division champion.
“He is absolutely, 100 percent positive he will win this fight. When two men step into the ring anything can happen,” White said of southpaw McGregor.
There will, of course, be no titles on the line, but it is an opportunity for both to cash in financially.
The fight is expected to be a pay-for-view blockbuster, as organizers are hoping it can challenge the 4.6 million pay-per-view buys for Mayweather-Pacquiao.
Not everyone will be excited to see a Mayweather-McGregor exhibition match, especially considering that McGregor is a 25-1 underdog.
Boxing champion turned promoter De La Hoya said a fight between the two would be an embarrassment for the sport of boxing.
But the trash-talking Irishman has a dedicated fan base and knows how to sell tickets.
In his last fight, McGregor won the lightweight title from Alvarez in November 2015 in UFC's first Madison Square Garden card.
At one time promoters were looking at a September 16 date for Mayweather-McGregor but it is now taken by a Canelo Alvarez-Gennady Golovkin middleweight world championship fight at T-Mobile Arena.
McGregor received a California boxing license last year but is still waiting for his Nevada boxing license application to be approved.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
After 10 exhilarating, exhausting days – and that's just for those of us watching – the curtain has finally been drawn on the World Championships in London.
It's been fantastic, though maybe not for those of us hoping for some Irish success on the track or roads, our one top-10 finisher coming in the race walk yesterday in the shape of the ever-reliable Rob Heffernan.
From a broader perspective, the championships were a huge shot in the arm for the sport after the negative media in the last few years.
The organisation was good, and a great way to judge the health of the sport is through how many bums were on seats. Almost every night was packed to capacity, and there's an argument that we should be putting athletics in places where you know you're going to get those crowds.
With all the stuff that's gone on with the IAAF over the last few years, they've given the sport a major boost, but in two years' time the World Championships are going to go to Doha, to the desert, a place that's hard to get to and will be very uncomfortable for spectators.
People just won't travel, and going off the lack of crowds that attend the Diamond League meeting there, it's hard to imagine it being anything close to what London produced.
It wasn't just the performances, though there were plenty of brilliant displays of athleticism; it was the stories, the drama, the controversy.
To pick out just three races, the women's 1500m was incredible – a crazy atmosphere, the crowd going bonkers, and a brilliant finish with Kenya's Faith Kipyegon kicking away to gold ahead of Jenny Simpson and Caster Semenya, breaking British hearts as Laura Muir was demoted to fourth.
The women's steeplechase was another cracker. We had an athlete missing the water jump on the first lap, falls mid-race, then a complete shock as Americans Emma Coburn and Courtney Frerichs upset the Kenyans and went 1-2.
For me the highlight, though, came on Saturday night, when the British men's 4x100m team brought the house down and took gold in what many expected to be a victorious salute to Usain Bolt in his last ever race.
Was it the cleanest World Championships we've had? Quite possibly.
There was very little way out there in terms of performances where you're going, ‘hang on a second', but you could argue that was down to the conditions as it was often cool in the evenings.
It could also be a reflection on the increase in testing and bio-passport procedures the IAAF are implementing to crack down on doping in recent years.
From an Irish perspective, there was no avoiding the reality: it was a bad championship. Medals are always going to be a stretch for us, but it should be a viable goal to get our athletes to perform on the big stage and over the last 10 days many of them didn't.
Of course Heffernan and Brian Gregan acquitted themselves well, as did Claire McCarthy and Mick Clohisey in the marathons, but elsewhere many of our strongest athletes were well off their best.
You could certainly argue Ciara Mageean and Mark English weren't in the best shape coming into it, and Thomas Barr got unlucky with a bout of norovirus, but when athletes of their calibre fall short of their goals it's time for a bit of self-reflection.
I'd be the first to put my hand up and say that I've underperformed at championships, so I can empathise with the athletes, but any time it does happen it should be an opportunity to reflect and critically analyse everything.
In the next couple of weeks they have to debrief and for those who didn't perform well, especially who did it for the second or third time at a major event, you have to be honest with yourself.
From an Irish perspective, there was no avoiding the reality: it was a bad championship
You need to question everything and whether it's working, which is hard to do especially if you've a great relationship with your coach. But if you're toeing the line with people you feel you can beat and you're finishing out the back door, there's no other option.
There's a wider issue here about where we're going as a sport. I feel we're too happy to come to a championship, get it done, but there's are few take-home messages about what we can improve. The services and facilities are something we can't complain about, but there's something missing.
In recent days the same discussion was happening in the British set-up, and long-time coach to Jessica Ennis-Hill, Toni Minichello, made the point that too often they get hung up on the icing and cherry (read: support services) when it comes to building the high-performance cake, rather than the foundation itself, which many believe is good, high-quality coaching.
In Ireland we've got all the fluff, all the icing, but we need to look more at the base. Whether that's the talent pool or the coaching resources, structures, there's a gap there.
Clear objectives and a strategy, based on current talent pool and best support these athletes through coaching, be it a full-time coaching system or exposure to high performing coaches who can add value, and upskill existing coaches.
The more you come to championships the more you see what other countries are doing and if they put all these resources into it, then it's tough to beat them.
We need to be creative if the resources aren't there, to create link with other athletes, coaches, groups and agents abroad to expose Irish athletes to that high level as early as possible. You can't just wait until the World Championships and hope it'll come off. In sport, I hate the word hope.
There is an onus on the system and the governing body to sit down and look at the athletes and do a debrief, and it has to show where different elements can add value to the overall project.
I feel we have talented athletes, as results in the U20 and U18 championships have shown this year, but it's about transferring that to senior level now. We have had talented underage athletes before, but the lack of a system hasn't encouraged that potential.
We need to learn and makes changes. The worst thing is to do nothing.
So many races in London threw up surprises, with outsider athletes pulling off medal heroics despite being well down the rankings, either through athletes who ran smart or came in in decent shape.
There's no reason that at the next World Championships in 2019, or Olympics in 2020, Irish athletes can't do that. But first both them and those within the system need to look in the mirror, and face a few uncomfortable truths.
Image copyright Getty Images
Popular messaging service Whatsapp is banning under-16s from using its platform in the European Union.
Users must currently be at least 13, but the firm is changing the rules ahead of the introduction of new EU data privacy regulations in May.
The app, which is owned by Facebook, will ask users to confirm their age when prompted to agree new terms of service in the next few weeks.
It is not clear how the age limit will be verified.
The EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which comes into force on 25 May, will give people much more control over how companies use their information.
They will also have the right to have personal data erased.
It also includes specific protections to protect children from having their personal data collected for marketing purposes, or to create user profiles.
Whatsapp, which has faced scrutiny for its data sharing practices in the past, said its move would help it meet the "new high standards of transparency" in the EU.
However, the app plans to keep its age limit at 13 in the rest of the world.
Different approach
It will also be allowing all users to download a report detailing the data it holds on them as part of its new terms of service.
That could include the make and model of the device they use, their contacts and groups and any blocked numbers.
Facebook, which has also been criticised for its handling of personal data, is taking a different approach to younger users.
To comply with GDPR, the social network is asking those aged 13 to 15 to nominate a parent or guardian to give permission for them to share information on the platform.
If they do not, they will not see a fully personalised version of the platform.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Flynn Resignation: What Did Pres. Trump Know? 3:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that President Donald Trump asked National Security Adviser Michael Flynn to resign 18 days after he was informed that Flynn had, in fact, discussed sanctions in a December phone call with the Russian ambassador —despite Flynn's earlier denials.
Below are some other key events in the timeline leading to Flynn's ouster:
Summer 2015 — Flynn first meets Trump, according to an interview he gave to the Washington Post.
Dec. 2015 — Flynn took a paid trip to Russia and appeared at a gala for RT, the state-run TV station, where he dined with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 23, 2016
June 2016 — Russian hackers are identified as the culprits behind hacking of Democratic institutions and figures; U.S. officials will later say Putin was involved and the goal was to meddle with the electoral process.
Nov. 18, 2016 — President-Elect Trump names Flynn his national security adviser.
Dec. 29, 2016 — Obama administration unveils sanctions against Russia for election-related hacking, expelling diplomats and shutting down two compounds. The same day, Flynn speaks to Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak by phone.
Dec. 30, 2016 — Putin says he won't retaliate for the sanctions and invites children from the U.S. embassy to a Christmas party. Trump then praises Putin in a tweet.
Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 30, 2016
Sometime after Dec. 30, 2016 — The FBI reviews intercepts and finds the Flynn-Kislyak conversation. The matter gets folded into the FBI's ongoing probe into Russian election-related hacking and related issues.
Jan. 11, 2017 — Trump denies members of his staff had contact with Russia before the election, during the campaign.
Jan. 12 — Washington Post columnist David Ignatius first reports the contact between Flynn and Kislyak, raising questions about whether sanctions were discussed.
Sergey Kislyak, Russia's ambassador to the U.S., at the Center for the National Interest in Washington, Sept. 2013. Cliff Owen / AP, file
Jan. 13 — Trump spokesman Sean Spicer says Flynn did not discuss sanctions with the ambassador and the purpose of the call was to schedule a time for Trump and Putin to speak post-inauguration.
Jan. 15 — Vice President Mike Pence tells CBS's "Face the Nation" that sanctions were not discussed: "It was strictly coincidental that they had a conversation. They did not discuss anything having to do with the United States' decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia."
Jan. 19 — Obama administration officials — Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, CIA Director John Brennan and Acting Attorney General Sally Yates — discuss the situation and want to warn the Trump team that Flynn has misled Spicer and Pence. FBI Director James Comey vetoes that, saying it will compromise his ongoing investigation.
Vice President Mike Pence greets National Security Adviser Michael Flynn on February 10. JOSHUA ROBERTS / Reuters
Jan. 20 — Trump inaugurated.
Jan. 20 or 21 — The FBI questions Flynn about his call to the ambassador as part of the bureau's broader investigation into Russia, according to a senior U.S. official.
Jan. 23 — At Spicer's first White House press briefing, he says that Flynn assured him the night before that the Flynn-Kislyak call did not involve sanctions. The subject, Spicer says, was a plane crash over the holiday, Christmas greetings, a potential conference in Syria on ISIS, and scheduling a call with Putin.
Jan. 26 — Acting AG Yates tells White House Counsel Donald McGahn what she knows about the call, according to the White House. Trump was told immediately, Spicer says, and the White House counsel launched an "exhuastive" review that included questioning of Flynn.
Jan. 30 — Trump fires Yates, saying she's being axed for refusing to defend his executive order temporarily banning travel from seven Muslim-majority countries.
Sally Yates in June 2016. J. David Ake / AP
Feb. 9 — The Washington Post reports that Flynn, according to current and former U.S. officials, did discuss sanctions with the Russian ambassador; officials confirm the content of the discussion to NBC News. This day is the first time Pence is informed of the Justice Department warning about Flynn's call — two weeks after Trump was told.
Feb. 10 — A spokesperson for Flynn tells NBC News that Flynn "can't be 100 percent sure," but doesn't remember talking sanctions. Trump denies knowledge of the reports that Flynn and the Russian talked sanctions. "I don't know about it. I haven't seen it. What report is that?" he tells reporters. Also that day, Flynn speaks by phone to Pence, reportedly to apologize to him.
Feb. 13 — Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway tells NBC News that Flynn has the full confidence of the president. Moments later, Spicer says Trump is evaluating the situation. Hours after that, Flynn resigns, saying he "inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador."
Feb. 14 — At a press briefing, Spicer says Trump asked Flynn to resign because of a erosion of trust — not because any laws were broken.
AirPods have been around for a while, so many of us have gotten over the slightly weird look of them (with at least one notable exception). While Apple still has yet to expand the options beyond plain white, BlackPods has stepped in to fill a need. The company offers three-phase military-spec refinishing services for these buds, letting you transform the look with Stealth (matte black), Classic (high gloss black) and Aero (space gray).
If you already have a set of AirPods, you can mail them in for refinishing, or simply buy a new pair through BlackPods directly. Since you'll be walking around with these hanging out of your ears, this seems like an upgrade worth its salt, just like a nice pair of specs. This week, BlackPods has provided us with a set of Stealth and Classic models for two lucky readers. They even threw in a pair of silicon protective cases (again, in black) so you can go into stealth mode with a bit of added protection. Just head to the Rafflecopter widget below for up to five chances at winning a less glaringly obvious pair of AirPods courtesy of BlackPods.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with the murder of an elderly dog walker, who was stabbed to death in woodland near East Harling.
Alexander Palmer, of Dereham Road, Bawdeswell, was today (Monday, August 14) charged with murder following an investigation by the Joint Norfolk and Suffolk Major Investigation Team.
Peter Wrighton, 83, of Banham, was found dead in woodland last Saturday morning (August 5) after he was stabbed multiple times in the neck and head.
Palmer has been remanded in custody and will appear at Norwich Magistrates' Court for his first hearing at 10am this morning.
The Latest on migration issues in Europe (all times local):
2:05 p.m.
Aid groups say the recent spike in Mediterranean migrant rescues corresponds with improved weather conditions and the looming start of beefed-up Libyan coast guard patrols that could block migrants from reaching Europe.
Over Easter weekend, rescue ships plucked some 8,360 people from 55 different rubber dinghies and wooden boats off Libya's coast. Thirteen bodies were also recovered. While such numbers are not unusual, they come as Italy is due to deliver patrol boats to Libya in coming weeks as part of a new EU-blessed migration deal.
An International Organization of Migration spokesman says smugglers are telling customers: “You have to hurry up and leave the country right now because otherwise in a couple of months you will be rescued by the Libyan coast guard and you will be sent back.”
___
12:30 p.m.
German authorities say there were 169 violent offenses against homes for asylum-seekers last year, almost as many as in 2015, though the figures sank as the year progressed.
The Federal Criminal Police Office said Tuesday that the number of violent offenses compared with 177 the previous years.
In all, authorities counted 994 offenses against asylum shelters in 2016, a little below the previous year's 1,031. The police office said that most of them had a far-right motive.
Justice Minister Heiko Maas wrote on Twitter that the figures were “deeply shameful.”
Germany saw a huge influx of asylum-seekers and other migrants in late 2015 and early 2016. That tailed off about a year ago, and the number of crimes targeting asylum homes declined over the course of the year.
Image copyright Google Image caption Police were called to the shop following a report of a serious assault
A Montrose man has appeared in court accused of stabbing a woman inside a Dundee wallpaper shop.
Gordon Ayre, 54, is alleged to have assaulted the woman to her severe injury, permanent disfigurement and danger of her life at Select Wallpaper on 2 August.
He appeared at Dundee Sheriff Court to face a single charge on petition.
During a brief private hearing he made no plea or declaration and the case was continued for further examination.
Mr Ayre was remanded in custody and is expected to return to court this week for a further hearing.
View 15 more events available today15 more events available today
Choose from our full range of coverage
NEW YORK — Short-lived White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci says if it were up to him, top adviser Steve Bannon would be gone from President Donald Trump's administration.
But, he notes, "it's not up to me."
Anthony Scaramucci, left, appears on CBS' "Late Show" with Stephen Colbert, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in New York. Scott Kowalchyk / CBS via AP
"The Mooch," a few weeks removed from his spectacular flameout following an expletive-laden conversation with a reporter, appeared Monday on CBS' "Late Show" with Stephen Colbert. Colbert has seen his ratings soar since Trump's inauguration with his relentless comedic attacks.
Colbert showed a picture of Scaramucci and former White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus glaring at each other. Scaramucci said there was "no love lost" between the two.
He said he and Priebus got along well when he was writing checks to the Republican National Committee, which Priebus once led. Scaramucci said he knows Trump "as a compassionate person," while reiterating that he thought the president should have spoken more harshly than he did initially of the white supremacists involved in the violent protest in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Of Trump's frequent off-the-cuff remarks, Scaramucci said, "That's him wearing his heart on his sleeve."
West Brom 3-1 Hull City
In-form West Brom accepted Hull's gifts to pile more misery on the Tigers.
Chris Brunt and Gareth McAuley cashed in on errors before James Morrison clinched a 3-1 win for the Baggies at The Hawthorns.
Robert Snodgrass had given Hull a first-half lead, but the Tigers beat themselves during a second half littered with costly defensive mistakes.
Brunt and McAuley were gifted free headers and Mike Phelan's side are without a win in nine games and remain second bottom in the Premier League, three points from the safety line.
In contrast the upwardly mobile Baggies sit eighth, having won six of their last 10 outings to set their second-best points haul in the top flight after 20 games, 29.
It was a fine comeback after a first half which Hull dominated, despite having failed to win away in the league since August.
They defied expectations with a calm and collected start and Snodgrass' 13th-minute free kick, which Ben Foster spilled, threatened to bring the game to life.
Michael Dawson lashed a half volley wide after a corner had fallen kindly to him before Hull deservedly opened the scoring after 21 minutes.
Jake Livermore produced a brilliant 40-yard pass out wide to Ahmed Elmohamady, who in turn found the onrushing Snodgrass to slide in the visitors' first away league goal since October from eight yards.
It was deserved and Hull continued to look comfortable, with West Brom failing to match the heights which saw them earn a 2-1 win at Southampton on Saturday.
Rondon headed straight at David Marshall after 34 minutes, while Dieumerci Mbokani did the same at Foster four minutes later.
Albion, who also lost Jonny Evans to injury before the break, stuttered, but Matt Phillips did at least force a smart save from Marshall with a glancing header before Hull threatened again.
Mbokani spotted Adama Diomande in the area, but McAuley produced a goal-saving challenge before the ball fell to Tom Huddlestone and Foster turned his drive wide.
Hull were good value for their lead at the break, but undid all their fine work with one piece of slack marking as the Baggies levelled just three minutes into the second half.
The Tigers had been defensively sound, but fell apart when they allowed Brunt to arrive unmarked and thump in a far post header from Phillips' corner.
It sparked a turnaround as the confidence ebbed away from the visitors and they were behind after 63 minutes after making another mess of a corner.
Phillips again delivered and McAuley rose from 10 yards to head goalward. He saw his effort blocked by Sam Clucas, but the midfielder was standing behind the line and video technology saw the goal awarded.
And it got worse for Hull 10 minutes later when they failed to deal with Hal Robson-Kanu's cross and Morrison's scuffed half-volley crept into the corner.
Dawson almost pulled a goal back when his header was saved by Foster, but Hull never looked like mounting a comeback.
An Arkansas judge will be barred from ruling on death penalty cases and could be disciplined after he attended two death penalty protests on Friday — the same day that he blocked a spate of executions scheduled by the state.
On Monday, the Arkansas Supreme Court reassigned all of the death penalty cases that Pulaski County Circuit Court Judge Wendell Griffen would have overseen — following reports and photos of him strapping himself to a cot in front of the governor's mansion on Good Friday in a protest of the state's lethal injection policy.
"Judge Wendell Griffen is referred to the Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission to consider whether he has violated the Code of Judicial Conduct," the order states.
But it wasn't immediately clear how they could affect Griffen's Friday decision to place a temporary restraining order on one of the key drugs in the state's lethal injection protocol, although the plaintiff in the case had sought a dismissal.
Judge Wendell Griffen portrays a prisoner on a gurney during a protest against executions in front of the governor's mansion in Little Rock, Ark. on April 14, 2017. Mitchell McCoy / KARK
"This court instructs the Sixth Judicial District to submit a new administrative plan to this court for approval by close of business on Tuesday, April 18, 2017 that reflects the permanent reassignment of all cases referenced above, future cases involving this subject matter, and any other changes in case assignment to ensure all litigants in this district receive a fair and impartial tribunal,"
Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge filed a 17-page emergency petition on Saturday that challenged Griffen's order based upon his activism, noting his attendance at two anti-death penalty rallies.
"Within an hour of granting the [temporary restraining order], Judge Griffen was photographed at a second anti-death penalty rally — this one at the Governor's Mansion, where Judge Griffen lay strapped down on a cot to simulate the experience of a condemned prisoner on a gurney," the petition said.
They also noted a few entries on the judge's personal blog that discussed the case and showed his strong disapproval for capital punishment.
MINGORA, Pakistan — The Latest on suicide bombing in Pakistan's Swat Valley (all times local):
11:15 p.m.
Pakistan's military has raised the death toll from a suicide bombing that targeted soldiers in Swat Valley to 11 after eight troops who were critically wounded in the attack died of their wounds.
The military says one officer was among those killed in Saturday's assault. It also raised the number of troops wounded in the attack to 13. The wounded are being treated at a local hospital.
No group has immediately claimed responsibility for the attack.
The militant detonated his explosives targeting the soldiers as they were playing sports and exercising at an empty plot in Swat Valley, in the Kabal area.
——
8:40 p.m.
Pakistan's army says a suicide attack on a military unit has killed three soldiers and wounded seven in Swat Valley, in the Kabal area.
A military statement says the suicide bomber detonated his explosives' vest near an empty lot used by the soldiers for sports and exercise on Saturday.
Security forces have cordoned off the area and are searching for possible accomplices of the bomber.
No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack.
Islamic militants ruled the picturesque Swat Valley from 2007 until a massive military operation routed them from the area in 2009. The operation involved evacuating 2 million people from the valley. They were able later to return to their homes.
Saturday's attack was the first in over three years in the valley.
Aston Villa striker Scott Hogan looks almost certain to declare to play for the Republic of Ireland after holding a meeting with manager Martin O'Neill.
The 24-year-old frontman qualifies to play for Ireland through three of his grand-parents and is reported to have applied for an Irish passport.
Hogan's international clearance looks set to come too late for him to be involved in next month's World Cup qualifying games with Georgia and Serbia.
O'Neill has held talks with Hogan's representatives in the past but the Villa striker had put off making a decision on his international future as he continued to recover from two major knee injuries.
However Hogan and O'Neill have held face-to-face talks in which the Ireland manager was able to convince the player that his international future lies with Ireland.
"He's keen, he's very keen," O'Neill was quoted as saying in several Irish newspapers. "I want the players to have a genuine enthusiasm for playing for the Republic of Ireland because I don't want to lose that.
"I think you'd want to see that there's a genuine feeling that 'I want to come, I want to play, I want to try and make the grade at international level and play for us'. That's all the encouragement I want.
"Scott is very enthusiastic about doing it. He's mentioned his reasons before and I think he felt he probably felt that he might not have been up to it at that stage because he might not have been fit enough. There seemed to be an impasse. There's no point in me going into that detail but it certainly wasn't from the player."
HYDERABAD, India — Police say a blaze at a firecracker warehouse in southern India has killed 11 people.
Police Commissioner V. Ravindra Said says the bodies were charred beyond recognition in Wednesday's fire in Kotalingala, a village in Telangana state.
The cause of the fire is being investigated.
Kotalingala is 200 kilometres (125 miles) north of Hyderabad, the joint capital of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh states.
India has a huge demand for firecrackers, which are used in religious festivals and weddings. There are fatal accidents nearly every year as people work in makeshift factories in the absence of proper safety standards.
Sheriff during the largest heroin and fentanyl bust in county history: "One grain of the fentanyl can kill you"
New Hanover County Sheriff Ed McMahon said at a Monday press conference that an arrest had been made in the largest seizure of heroin and fentanyl in county history. Deputies said in a Facebook post that they found the drugs during a Nov. 30 search of Shawqui Rahim Gray's home on Oleander Drive in Wilmington. More arrests are expected.
In this Dec. 9, 2015 file photo, Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez pushes her hair back after unveiling a bust of her late husband, and former president, Nestor Kirchner, at the presidential palace in Buenos Aires. An Argentine judge indicted Fernandez on Tuesday, Dec. 27, 2016, in a corruption case involving public works. A second corruption indictment came down later. Ricardo Mazalan AP
There's a new Humble Mobile Bundle available today, and like other recent bundles, this one has a theme. This time it's "great adventures." So, most of these games take you on journeys through strange and unfamiliar lands. There are as many as eight games in this bundle, depending on what you pay. Even the base tier includes some great stuff, though.
This bundle has three tiers, with the lowest one unlocked no matter what you pay. That one includes Grim Fandango Remastered, Kathy Rain, and Machinarium. Pay $4 or more to unlock Her Story, Sorcery 4, and Burly Men at Sea. Then at $6 you can add Lumino City and Samorost 3. Those are both very new games—Lumino City in particular, which was only released last week.
As usual, the games are all DRM free and your payment is split between developers, Humble Bundle, and charity. You've got two weeks to pick up this bundle.
Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr., right, blocks the shot of Los Angeles Lakers guard Stephaun Branch during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Los Angeles Lakers center Moritz Wagner, left, tries to stop Miami Heat center Bam Adebayo during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Los Angeles Lakers guard Demarcus Holland, left, pulls the ball away from Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr. during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Miami Heat forward Duncan Robinson, left, drives against Los Angeles Lakers guard Jeffrey Carroll during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Los Angeles Lakers guard Alex Caruso, left, goes to the basket against Miami Heat guard Tai Webster during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr., left, drives to the basket against Los Angeles Lakers guard Josh Hart during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Los Angeles Lakers forward Sviatoslav Mykhailiuk, right, drives against Miami Heat guard Daryl Macon during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr., right, scores over Los Angeles Lakers forward Johnathan Williams during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Miami Heat center Bam Adebayo, left, defends Lakers center Moe Wagner during the first half of Tuesday's California Classic summer league game in Sacramento. The Heat won 89-74. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
SACRAMENTO — The Lakers are still looking for their first summer league victory – something they were never close to getting in Tuesday's 89-74 loss to the Miami Heat.
Miami scored the first 10 points of the game and took advantage of sizzling shooting to extend its margin from there, leading by as many as 31 in a wire-to-wire victory in the California Classic at Golden 1 Center.
Miami led 31-19 after one quarter, by 19 points at halftime and by 29 going into the fourth quarter. Miami dominated both ends of the court, collecting 15 steals and eight blocked shots while forcing 20 Lakers turnovers and using crisp ball movement to record 27 assists on 33 field goals on offense.
There were few bright spots for the Lakers (0-2), who lost a tight game to Sacrament on Monday night. Second-round draft pick Svi Mykhailiuk (No. 47 overall) had a team-high 12 points, four rebounds, two assists and two steals, but he finished 2 for 8 from 3-point range. Xavier Rathan-Mayes had nine points, two rebounds and five assists, and Demarcus Holland added 10 points and two rebounds off the bench. Josh Hart, who wasn't expected to play, talked his way into the lineup for 14 first-half minutes but was held to one point, one rebound and one assist, was whistled for four fouls and missed all four of his shots from the field (0 for 2 from 3-point range).
Alex Caruso, who returned to the Lakers after helping lead Team USA to a 5-1 record in the FIBA World Cup qualifiers, led a fourth-quarter charge and finished with eight points, four assists and three steals (but six turnovers) in 22 minutes. First-round pick Moe Wagner (No. 25 overall) had eight points, four rebounds and five turnovers and fouled out in 18 minutes.
Miami (1-1) was led by Derrick Jones Jr., who had 21 points, five rebounds and three steals. Duncan Robinson added 19 points, four rebounds and two assists on 7-of-9 shooting from the field, and Bam Adebayo totaled nine points and 10 rebounds. Yante Maten had 15 points, five rebounds and four steals off the bench, and Daryl Macon had a team-high 11 assists.
The Heat made 11 of 17 3-point attempts in the first half and finished 13 for 28 overall (46.4 percent). The Lakers never got rolling from the arc, finishing 7 for 23 (30.4 percent). The Lakers had just 14 assists on their 30 field goals.
The Lakers are off Wednesday, before finishing the four-team event with a game against Golden State on Thursday at noon. The team will then travel to Las Vegas for the beginning of the traditional NBA summer league, where they will play at least five games.
NOTE
Like Monday, Malik Newman (sprained left foot) and Joel Berry II (right ankle sprain) were again unavailable.
🎥Miles Simon talks about the team's lack of energy to start the game and how possible fatigue played a role in the defeat. pic.twitter.com/m1Cc4GWcer — Los Angeles Lakers (@Lakers) July 4, 2018
This designation represents the pinnacle of medical imaging services and accredits only those facilities that can demonstrate the highest levels of quality in both imaging practices and diagnostic care.
Fredericksburg, VA (PRUnderground) March 19th, 2018
Medical Imaging of Fredericksburg (MIF), LLC and all five of its facilities have just been designated as a Diagnostic Imaging Center of Excellence (DICOE) by the American College of Radiology (ACR). This designation represents the pinnacle of medical imaging services and accredits only those facilities that can demonstrate the highest levels of quality in both imaging practices and diagnostic care. In order to achieve this designation, medical imaging facilities undergo a comprehensive assessment in a number of areas, including radiation and general safety, quality management, governance, and patient rights. Facilities being considered for the designation must also undergo an onsite evaluation by a team of experts from ACR. MIF is the first and only entity in the Commonwealth of Virginia to receive this designation.
MIF has committed itself to providing the highest quality imaging to residents of the region that stretches from Woodbridge, VA in the north, to Richmond, VA in the south. MIF's medical imaging services include the only 3D mammography, PET/CT, and True Open MRI services in the region, along with important preventative health screenings. The Board Certified, Fellowship Trained Radiologists and administration at MIF are focused on implementing cutting-edge technology to enable earlier detection of disease and cancer. Earlier detection provides patients with more treatment options and a higher chance of survival.
Partnering for Quality Patient Care
MIF is a partnership between Radiologic Associates of Fredericksburg (RAF) and Mary Washington Healthcare. Because of these relationships, patients have access to the expertise of RAF Radiologists in both the hospital and outpatient settings. All RAF Radiologists are Board Certified and Fellowship Trained at the nation's most prestigious institutions.
What does all of this mean for the region? It means that there are world-class medical imaging serv
ices, offered by highly trained, specialized Radiologists located in five locations along I-95 in Virginia. The DICOE designation recognizes this unparalleled level of expertise, commitment to patient care, and innovative use of cutting-edge technology. The best part? All of these benefits are offered at a competitive price that can save patients money. MIF also offers interest-free payment plans and self-pay discounts.
You can make an appointment at Medical Imaging of Fredericksburg by calling 540-741-XRAY (9729) or by using the live chat feature on their website, mifimaging.com.
About Medical Imaging of Fredericksburg
Medical Imaging of Fredericksburg offers state-of-the-art medical imaging in a warm and friendly environment. Appointments can be scheduled by calling (540) 741-XRAY (9729).
View 15 more events available today15 more events available today
Choose from our full range of coverage
Toke Makinwa Advises Women To Stop Fighting Over Men, Fans React
Media personality, Toke Makinwa has an important piece of advice for ladies who fight over men. She shared the quote above via IG minutes ago and wrote; “Straight up 100%. Leave the battling and arguing for the boardroom ladies, leave his a*s, build you an empire and become a Boss!” Source: Instagram
The post Toke Makinwa Advises Women To Stop Fighting Over Men, Fans React appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OCHO RIOS, Jamaica – On the eve of the country welcoming four million visitors for the first time in its history, Minister of Tourism, Hon Edmund Bartlett has declared 2017 to be “a dream year for Jamaica.”
“We've annexed all sorts of new horizons and frontiers; we're going to make four million visitors this year and we're going to earn in the region of US$3 billion,” he told top producing travel agents from the USA, Canada and the United Kingdom at Moon Palace Jamaica, Ocho Rios, Saturday night. “It will be a truly historic moment for our tourism sector and I thank you for the role that you are playing in helping us to reach this important milestone and another record-breaking year in visitor arrivals,” said Minister Bartlett.
The White Affair Gala recognized the top 50 travel agents who have booked visitors to Jamaica this year. Combined, they accounted for 130,000 rooms representing about US$39 million in business. They were treated over three days under the theme, “Fly Me To The Moon … Be Among The Stars.”
Outstanding Achievements By Jamaica
Minister Bartlett outlined to them a list of outstanding achievements by Jamaica and Jamaicans during 2017.
Among them, the legendary Usain Bolt retiring from an active career as the world's greatest athlete; the staging of a high-profiled US college basketball tournament at an indoor facility here (Montego Bay Convention Centre) for the first time, giving Jamaica widespread international coverage; the hosting of the first ever global tourism conference on job creation and inclusive growth; and Jamaica's Davina Bennett placing as second runner-up in the Miss Universe contest.
In other tourism developments, the Tourism Minister said he was pleased that Canadian market had recovered from having “slipped badly” by 17 percent, to record an 8 percent growth. Also, “groups and conventions have taken off and we're beginning to see something new and exciting in that area,” he said.
Meanwhile, the UK market is also showing growth and five of the top producing agents were among the awardees.
Minister Bartlett attributed Jamaica's tourism success to strategic partnerships, adding, “Our year on year dynamic growth in arrivals is in large part due to the Jamaica Tourist Board's excellent marketing performance and the diligent efforts of our travel partners, prime among them are you our travel agents.”
Underscoring “the invaluable role” many of them have played in sustaining Jamaica's tourism industry, Minister Bartlett referenced the importance of technology in connecting people and enhancing experiences but stressed that tourism was all about the human touch and artificial intelligence would never replace the warmth of human intelligence.
Informing the travel agents and partners that “we need you,” Minister Bartlett assured them, “You are always going to be here, you are always going to be needed and you are always going to be at the centre of the whole tourism development irrespective of what happens.”
Top travel agents booking to Jamaica
Lindsey Johnson of Tropics Travel Agency LLC emerged in first place this year among the top 50 leading booking agents. Joining her in the top ten were Donna Daniels (Fox Travel American Express), Michelle Wiseman (Toms Tours), Anthony Tucker (All Inclusive Outlet), Sharon Little (Wedding and Honeymoon Travel Group), Darlene Rhoden (The Travel Net Inc.), Marlene Johnson (MJ Travel Group), David Parker (All The way Travel), Kimberly Felix (Honeymoons Inc.), Mark Henngan (Dreamer's Travel) and William “Bill” Munroe (Barrhead Travel).
In the past several years we saw many women with naturally beautiful eyebrows. The years of thin brows over. Now is all about enhancing the natural brow shape. Cosmetics companies offer many products to shape and style the crown of your face-your brows.
Bold, thick eyebrows are a huge trend right now. If you are one of these ladies that own a pair of those, don't be afraid to show them off. Just let them grow, and find a professional cosmetician to give you the right shape. If you have beautifully shaped brows you don't even need too much makeup. Statement brows will do the job.
Cara Delevingne has been blessed with the best brows in Hollywood. Everyone can recognize her thick, bold eyebrows that grace Cara's face. The model and actress recently confessed that she doesn't spend much time on them. Her secret for perfect eyebrows is very simple. Good genes are responsible for her brows. Delevingne only lets them grow and plucks her brows from time to time. Cara doesn't trust other people with her brows, so she does the job herself.
Lily Collins is another beauty with magical brows. The British actress is known for her porcelain skin and perfect eyebrows. She has a tendency to accent them with quality products and add an eye-catching lipstick. That is all you need to look amazing.
Let's take a moment and enjoy the most beautiful Hollywood brows. Take a cue from these celebrities that are rocking perfect shapes. Starting from Lily Collins, Taylor Hill, Shanina Shaik, Lucy Hale to Selena Gomez, here are some of the best brows in Hollywood.
Taylor Hill
We're so happy to present to you the Cute Pet Photo Submissions that were featured in the October 2017 San Joaquin Magazine issue! Thank you to all who submitted. We loved seeing all the adorable fur-babies out there!
A political typhoon has suddenly burst in on the heart of the Cabinet in the form of new Defence Secretary Gavin Williamson, who promises - or threatens - to blow a gust of realism into the Westminster scene.
Williamson, the former chief whip, was barely known outside Westminster - but within days of his new appointment, he was making big headlines throughout Fleet Street, including a reported spectacular bust-up with Chancellor Philip Hammond.
He has reprieved ‘military' dogs who had been sentenced to death now that their service had finished. And he has warned British jihadist terrorists that they would be hunted down and eliminated. But above all, he has been bold enough to tell Chancellor Philip Hammond he could take no more “freebies” using RAF aircraft until he had paid the bill for previous trips. The bill was immediately paid.
This move apparently followed a reported row between the two Cabinet ministers, in which the Prime Minister had to intervene, telling them to grow up. Williamson's problem - although it should be regarded as a virtue - is that he says, in plain, uncluttered English, what most of the country thinks.
Yet, surprise, surprise, he is being branded “childish”, even by some of his own colleagues, for expressing such views as those he expressed about British jihadists. That's the trouble with Westminster-speak - politicians tend to tiptoe around issues with feeble euphemisms, rather than charging into the heart of the matter and saying bluntly what they really mean.
So when someone like Williamson - who kept a tarantula spider on his desk when Chief Whip - speaks his mind without shilly-shallying about, he simply shocks traditional parliamentarians yet is applauded by the public at large.
Williamson is a force of nature, whose talents were recognised by David Cameron and Theresa May. He is the man to blow away the cobwebs of obfuscation which bedevil the British political scene. He will bring a gale of fresh air to the proceedings and could before long be included in the bookmakers' lists as a possible successor to Theresa May. A bit far-fetched perhaps, but Williamson's ambition is like a coiled spring about to be released. Watch this space!
Arian Foster involved in hot dog stand confrontation Texans great Arian Foster is at the center of a non-football controversy after being involved in a heated exchange at a hot dog stand in Houston early Sunday morning. Footage...
A loss to Dolphins and the Jets would have to face grim reality Well, if we're being technically truthful (or truthfully technical), there is this: The Jets' season did make it beyond Halloween. As low bars go, yes, that's an epic pine. But...
Why Arian Foster suddenly retired Injuries finally caught up to Arian Foster. The NFL's leading rusher in 2010 announced he was retiring Monday night after seven and a half years in the league, which included...
The biggest injuries from Week 2's NFL bloodbath Quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo was knocked out of New England's game against Miami on Sunday with a shoulder injury, meaning the highest-profile replacement in the NFL needed a replacement of his...
Arian Foster takes half-measure in protesting national anthem Colin Kaepernick's disciples in protesting the national anthem primarily have been supporting actors, not co-stars. The sorts of names you don't know until they're taking a knee while the ode...
How to spot value in shifting fantasy football landscape The fantasy football draft season is an ocean of information — and that data ebbs and flows like the tide. One week, everyone is on the C.J. Prosise bandwagon. The...
All these 'handcuff' cases for fantasy football RBs won't work Handcuffing is a popular notion in fantasy football: You draft a running back in the earlier rounds of a draft, and later in the draft, you select that RB's backup. The idea is,...
Fantasy football: How to adjust draft board for late QB, RB news The fantasy newswire has been a collection of the good, the bad and the ugly of late. The good: Ryan Fitzpatrick, at last, signed a deal to remain with...
Arian Foster and the NFL divorces we never thought we'd see Seven years, four Pro Bowls, 6,472 rushing yards and 68 touchdowns left the Texans organization when Houston pulled the plug on Arian Foster on Thursday. The face of the franchise,...
Wife of incoming Lesotho prime minister shot dead
The wife of new Lesotho Prime Minister Tom Thabane was shot dead late on Wednesday, two days before her husband's inauguration, raising fears of another wave of political violence in the southern African mountain kingdom. Police spokesperson Clifford Molefe said Lipolelo Thabane, was traveling home with a friend when both women where shot by an …
The post Wife of incoming Lesotho prime minister shot dead appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Amazon's Cashier-Less Grocery Store Opens to the Public
Amazon Go is a go for the masses. The retailer's cashierless convenience store will open its doors to the public Monday, a debut that follows a nearly 14-month trial run open only to the Seattle company's employees.
The store requires customers to scan their smartphone on the way in, tracks them with cameras and other sensors as they browse, and, when they take an item off the shelf, adds it to a virtual cart. Groceries are charged to the customer's Amazon account when they leave with their goods.
Beginning at 7 a.m. Monday, the store is open to anyone with the Amazon Go smartphone app and a linked Amazon account.
Amazon Go is among the boldest efforts by the online retailer to reshape brick-and-mortar shopping. For a pocket-size, 1,800-square-foot convenience store that hasn't technically opened to the public, the concept has had an outsized influence on the retail industry since its surprise unveiling in December 2016.
The concept, which Amazon has termed "Just Walk Out" shopping, sparked speculation that Amazon could use its high-tech concept as a beachhead to expand into convenience stores or perhaps other categories of physical retail.
It was also criticized by grocery-store workers' unions, which feared an effort to automate the work done by cashiers, the second-most-common job in the U.S.
Amazon has said the goal isn't to make retail employees redundant, but to offer convenience you can't get from a sometimes-crowded deli or corner store.
A visit last week to the store, occupying a corner of the ground floor of Amazon's Day One skyscraper at the corner of Seventh Avenue and Blanchard Street, offered a demonstration of the concept shortly before the lunchtime rush of Amazon employees.
A few workers stocked shelves; others milled about, ready to help customers with questions. One employee stood sentry near the corner with beer and wine, to check IDs.
In a kitchen in the back, a half-dozen staff members were at work slicing vegetables for the sandwiches, salads and other take-away lunch options on shelves at the front of the store.
Gianna Puerini, the Amazon vice president who oversees Go, said in an interview that the aim is for the store's prices to be competitive with other markets.
At first glance, prices seem comparable to small stores. A 12-ounce can of Spindrift sparkling water was $1.25, a 20-count tea pack from Coffee Bean and Tea cost $7.75, and, in a long cooler in the front geared toward take-away meals, $5.99 got you house-made tofu banh mi.
The range of items available lands somewhere between that of a small gas-station convenience store and a mainline grocer. Amazon had four varieties of coconut water on hand, but there is no hot food selection, and few items beyond snacks, drinks and basic groceries.
"It takes selection, price and convenience," Puerini said. "I think we're delivering on all three."
Of course, Amazon Go isn't the company's only experiment in physical grocery retail. Amazon spent about $13.5 billion last year to scoop up more than 460 Whole Foods locations.
Also last year, the company opened two Seattle sites for an experimental curbside grocery delivery program, and, though it was recently scaled back, the Amazon Fresh branded grocery delivery service is still being offered.
Few expect Amazon's first Go store to be its last. "We'd love to open more," Puerini said, but she stopped short of announcing any expansion plans. (Amazon may have foreshadowed its intentions anyway, posting a job opening for an experienced real-estate manager -- travel required -- last year.)
Amazon likely isn't aiming for a Go store on every street corner. The company's internal projections, according to someone familiar with the early stages of Amazon's plans, determined that a store needed thousands of office workers within a few-block radius to make the investment worthwhile.
A focus on office workers would "cater to what the store does well," Puerini said. "People pressed for time and hungry."
Much of the technology that makes the place work lives above the store's shelves.
Dozens of brick-shaped black devices, about the size of a paperback book, are suspended just below the ceiling. Set at slightly different angles, they are featureless except for a single aperture aimed at a portion of the store.
These devices use "a combination of sensor inputs," Puerini said, likening it to the systems that help self-driving prototypes identify the people and objects in their field of view. (That is, a combination of video cameras backed by technology built to analyze images, and laser arrays.)
Getting the system right took a while.
When the store was announced and opened to employees in December 2016, Amazon expected to open it to outsiders in early 2017. The company didn't meet that deadline, with The Wall Street Journal reporting that the system crashed in tests when the store was crowded.
One engineer familiar with Amazon Go said in an interview that the company struggled in its early efforts to get its computer vision algorithms to reliably track customers.
Behind Amazon's automated people-tracking technology, the person said, teams of real humans had to review video footage to make sure the systems were functioning properly -- at least initially.
The company evidently thinks it has ironed out those kinks. In fact, Bloomberg News reported in November that three Amazon employees at one point donned Pikachu costumes to try to fool the tracking system. Amazon's algorithms charged the correct amount to each fuzzy character, the news service reported.
Puerini didn't address any technical reasons behind the delay, and said humans are brought into the loop to confirm purchases just "a small fraction of the time."
She said part of the reason for Amazon Go's long incubation was the surprisingly high use of the store by Amazon employees, which essentially simulated real-world conditions well enough that the company didn't have to open it up to the general public as soon.
How often does the system make mistakes? Puerini wouldn't go into it, beyond saying "the system is highly accurate."
If there is an error, Puerini says, customers can swipe on an item on their receipt within the Amazon Go app to remove a charge for something they didn't take.
© 2018 Seattle Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Amazon.
Fox News is back in action with the single most ridiculous, psy-op engineered, agenda polls in the last several years…. and coming from a CTH community that has reviewed hundreds of media polls in the past 5 years, that's quite a statement. Consider:
(Emerson Poll Link) -vs- (Fox News Poll Link)
Both of these cannot be correct. The margin of error claimed is +/- 2.5%. There is a NINETEEN point difference between both Alabama Polls. However, only ONE is a media driven agenda poll. Can you guess which one?
Yes, once again, the Rupert Murdoch clan are up to their media-polling tricks utilizing Daron Shaw. Shaw and Associates, is more appropriately identified as a political action committee of the GOPe, and have been used by Fox News, exhaustively and exclusively, for years to engineer narratives on behalf of the republican establishment. This time the narrative is so obvious Fox News deserves public humiliation.
Within the Fox Poll Daron Shaw intentionally manipulates the group being polled. They poll R+2 (meaning only two percent more republicans than democrats) in a state that voted R+28 in the most recent election. Essentially Fox has paid Daron Shaw to give them a poll as if Democrats and Republicans are equal in the number of registered voters the state.
They're not.
Not even close.
Alabama is to Republicans (49-35), what California is to Democrats (43-28). (link)
Hopefully the people of Alabama will see through this manipulation and use this opportunity to crush the agenda-driven polling constructs of Fox News.
The Democrats and UniParty Republicans will cede no ground. There is only one majority political ideology within Washington DC, and it is based on financial interest. Their rules of engagement are entirely self-serving. They will fight against any entity, for any reason, on any issue, even reversing their own individual policy positions, if they view that entity as an existential risk to their power structure and decades-long financial constructs.
For those who live within the institutions, nothing is out-of-bounds; therefore, in order to defeat the systemic and institutional rot, we must fight as an insurgent opposition.
War is ugly. Political war against the swamp, while accepting their one-sided rules of engagement, is exponential hell. In order to gain victory, you have to be prepared to advance into the fire at all costs. In the final analysis this approach is the essential element of ‘Cold Anger'.
It may be unsettling for most; after all, we-the-people have never sought confrontation for the sake of itself. However, confrontation is an outcome of a battered electorate finally saying ‘No More'.
The political pendulum has never, in the history of humanity, stayed on one side of a swing. Likewise, the resulting backlash is always, always, directly proportionate to how far off skew it was taken before corrective action was engaged.
President Trump was/is our corrective political MOAB. There is no longer a retreat position possible. Those who oppose the restoration of our Republic have gone all-in. Their terms are to remove the threat. He and We are the threat.
Foolishness, selfishness, corruption and betrayal of our nation by its political elites have served to reveal dangers within our republic. Exhausted, we accepted that 2016 was the time when forceful correction needed to be applied. However, we fully understood that misplaced corrective action, regardless of intent, would be neither safe nor wise.
The media are disconnected from the reality of their landscape yet seem to find themselves opining about political violence. Those media voices would be wise to remind themselves that candidate Donald Trump, now President Trump, was the “lesser extreme” strategy for correction. As President Trump said during a recent rally in Iowa: “they're lucky our side isn't violent.” He was entirely accurate. President Trump was the last best option.
There's a level of anger far deeper and more consequential than expressed rage or visible behavior. Cold Anger does not need to go to violence. For those who carry it, no conversation is needed. You cannot poll or measure it; and even those who carry it avoid discussion. And that decision has nothing whatsoever to do with any form of correctness.
Cold Anger is not hatred, it is far more purposeful.
Hatred takes energy. Cold Anger is not willing to give energy to the opposition.
Cold Anger absorbs betrayal silently, often prudently.
Betrayal lies at the originating cellular level for Cold Anger.
We watched the shooting of cops, and the protests parades which followed, absorbing.
Cold Anger takes notice of the liars, even from a great distance – seemingly invisible to the mob. Cold Anger will still hold open the door for the protest parade goer. Mannerly.
Cold Anger when evidenced is more severe because it is more strategic. It is more deliberate; Cold Anger is far more purposeful.
Cold Anger does not gloat; a central tenet is to absorb consistent vilification and ridicule as fuel.
This sense of Cold Anger does not want to exist. It is forced to exist in otherwise unwilling hosts – who would much rather be sensing something more productive, yet each person refuses to be destabilized by it.
The productive and polite life continues, but the larger notations necessarily remain. Keen awareness and acceptance of the surroundings is a trait of those carrying Cold Anger.
Deliberate intent and prudence ensures avoiding failure. The course, is thoughtful vigilance; a strategy essentially devoid of emotion, hence ‘Cold'.
Cold Anger is not driven to act in spite of itself; it drives a reckoning. Patience is not acceptance; time is simply measured for optimal value.
When the well attired leave the checkout line carrying steaks and shrimp using an EBT or SNAP card, the door is still held open; yet notations necessarily embed.
When the border is left unguarded, it is accepted to be unguarded for a purpose.
When the United States flag lays undefended, perhaps gleefully unattended, it does not lay unattended and unnoticed. It is being well noted.
When a school community cannot openly pray, it does not mean the prayerful were absent.
When a liar seems to win, it is not without observation. Many – more than the minority would like to admit – know the difference between science, clocks and a political agenda.
Cold Anger perceives deception the way a long-term battered spouse absorbs the blow in the hours prior to the pre-planned exit; with purpose.
A shield, or cry of micro-aggression will provide no benefit, nor quarter. Delicate sensibilities are dispatched like a feather in a hurricane.
Pushed far enough, decisions are reached.
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasn't enough. Can't let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 26, 2017
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO Raise TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 26, 2017
Support Roy Moore…
Advertisements
Angel Di Maria has set his sights on lifting the Champions League trophy after Paris St Germain thrashed Barcelona 4-0 in the first leg of their last-16 clash.
Di Maria turned in a man-of-the-match display on his 29th birthday, opening the scoring with a precise free-kick and bending home a second in the second half at Parc des Princes.
A Barça side stuffed with some of the world's most decorated stars were brushed aside with ease as Julian Draxler and Edinson Cavani added their names to the scoresheet and the margin might even have been bigger, such was the home side's control.
The job must still be finished off in the return leg at the Nou Camp but Di Maria, who won the competition with Barça's El Clasico rivals Real Madrid in 2014, is already setting his sights on the big prize.
"It's hard to think of a better birthday or a better performance than this," he said in an interview broadcast on BT Sport.
"Our aim is to reach the final and win the Champions League. We are getting there gradually and moving forward - this was a tough game against one of the best teams in the world, so we did a great job.
"We've been showing this for a few years now. We controlled the game for 90 minutes. It's not easy to control Neymar, (Luis) Suarez and (Lionel) Messi but we managed it.
"We covered so much ground, worked so hard as a team and the most important thing is we got the win and a big step forward."No team have ever come back from losing an away game 4-0 in two-legged European competition but Di Maria insists there can be no dip in standards if his side are to seal passage to the quarter-finals in Catalonia.
The Argentinean added: "There is still more to do at the Nou Camp. They will come out of the blocks fast to put pressure on us so we have to do the same as tonight and even more."
The message from a downcast Barcelona camp was clear: they had been bested by a superior opponent.
Head coach Luis Enrique told Uefa.com: "The result reflects what happened out on the field. We were clearly second best."
Midfielder Sergio Busquets echoed his boss, adding: "They were better than us. They played better, they were better tactically and they out-did us physically."
Image copyright Leicestershire Police Image caption Police said the men may have "vital information"
A CCTV image has been released by detectives investigating the murder of a Leicester jeweller.
Ramniklal Jogiya, 74, was found dead in Stoughton on 25 January after disappearing from outside his shop the evening before.
Police have released a picture which shows three men on Ross Walk at about 19:50 GMT on 24 January.
Officers said the group may have "vital information" about events in the area that night.
Image copyright Leicestershire Police Image caption Ramniklal Jogiya's body was found by the roadside after his family reported him missing
Earlier, detectives appealed for information about a white van and motorcycle pictured on Aylestone Road, Leicester.
Leicestershire Police said the motorbike was seen in convoy with the van driving in Sanvey Lane towards Marsden, shortly after being seen in Aylestone Road just after midnight on 25 January.
A bike has been recovered, along with a burnt-out van, but officers said they needed to trace the movements of the vehicles pictured.
Image copyright Leicestershire police Image caption The vehicles were driving in convoy and police want to trace their movements
Three men, aged 19, 20 and 23, are in custody after being charged with the kidnap and robbery of Mr Jogiya.
Two other men, aged 21 and 29, arrested on suspicion of kidnap and murder, remain in custody. Three others have been released.
The charity Crimestoppers has offered a £10,000 reward for information.
Conor McGregor trolls Floyd Mayweather on Twitter, Instagram
The same day that buzz circulated about a potential Conor McGregor-Floyd Mayweather Jr. fight being close to happening, the UFC star decided to troll his boxing counterpart.
McGregor sent this tweet on Tuesday evening saying he was in Las Vegas and that Mayweather “retired” upon his arrival:
I am in Las Vegas. Floyd has retired on my arrival. pic.twitter.com/z9EcxBJaDr — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) February 15, 2017
He posted the same thing on Instagram. That seems to be his way of saying Mayweather is scared of him. It's also a troll job of Mayweather because Floyd took a similar photo years ago.
A report on Tuesday said that a fight between the men had been agreed upon, but there was one holdup. A follow-up report said the fight was “very close” to happening.
Naturally, as is Mayweather's habit, he feeds the buzz and gets everyone hyped for a fight, and then he throws cold water on all the rumors (seen here).
One serious roadblock for a fight between them is McGregor's contract with the UFC. UFC boss Dana White said that a fight is not even close to happening between McGregor and the undefeated but retired boxer.
While some could interpret McGregor's presence in Las Vegas as even bigger of a sign that he is ready for a fight with Mayweather, he is actually there for his appeal of a water bottle incident before UFC 202 that resulted in a fine from the Nevada State Athletic Commission.
Image caption Brian Wills-Pope MBE denies one charge of sexual assault
An RAF commander responsible for more than 1,000 air cadets kissed a teenage boy on his neck during a band camp, a court has heard.
Brian Wills-Pope MBE, 64, also asked the boy to wear a mankini and suggested sharing a bed on another occasion, Taunton Crown Court heard.
Mr Wills-Pope was the officer commanding the Devon and Somerset Wing Air Training Corps at the time of the alleged offence in 2015.
He denies one charge of sexual assault.
More on cadet sexual assault and other Devon stories
The jury heard the alleged incident happened during an overnight band camp at the Britannia Royal Naval College in Dartmouth, Devon in August 2015.
Prosecutor Sean Brunton said Mr Wills-Pope approached the boy from behind: "Rather unexpectedly this defendant leant forward and kissed the victim on the neck and then put his hand under his shirt, running it over his back, skin on skin."
The jury was told Wills-Pope, from Torquay, Devon, was a "highly-respected and well-regarded man", who held a considerable responsibility in society.
The defendant is a former Deputy Lieutenant for Devon and is listed as a senior governor at Torquay Boys' Grammar School.
The trial continues.
CAIRO, Oct 6 - Sarah Hegazy has been jailed, beaten by inmates, and could face a life sentence in an Egyptian prison if found guilty of "promoting sexual deviancy" and other charges tied to her alleged crime: waving a rainbow flag at a concert.
The 28-year-old denies waving the flag but is one of 57 people arrested so far in Egypt's widest anti-gay crackdown yet, a swift zero-tolerance response to a rare show of public support for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights in the conservative Muslim country.
The crackdown comes as Egypt, a key Western ally in the Middle East, is under fire for its human rights record and the United States has withheld some of its $1.3 billion in annual military aid.
Hegazy, the only woman rounded up in the three-week-old campaign, says police goaded her cellmates to abuse her during her first night in prison, where she is being detained for 15 days and interrogated by special prosecutors who usually focus on Islamist militants.
"This is the game they (police) always play, especially since she is a girl. They incite the other detainees and say 'this girl wants men and women to be gay' so they harass her. I saw scratches on her shoulder, she looked very dishevelled and exhausted. She was beaten," said Hegazy's lawyer Hoda Nasralla.
"We're not talking about gay rights here, no one is calling for marriage equality, we face the possibility of jail and humiliation for merely existing." "We're not talking about gay rights here, no one is calling for marriage equality, we face the possibility of jail and humiliation for merely existing."
A security official would not comment on Hegazy's case but denied that police incite prisoners against each other or otherwise mistreat them.
Lawyers for other detainees said their clients faced similar treatment. Suspected gay male detainees are subject to forced anal exams to determine if they have had homosexual sex, a procedure human rights groups say amounts to torture.
At least five such examinations have taken place, Amnesty International says. Judicial sources do not deny the examinations take place but say they are legally carried out and are not a form of abuse.
Egyptian authorities do not deny going after gays and an investigation report provided to Reuters by the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights (EIPR) openly refers to the police's campaign against gay people.
Police, state-aligned media, and the religious establishment all see it as a public duty to combat the spread of homosexuality.
Ten men have already gone on trial during the recent sweep and received jail sentences from one to six years.
Media Backlash
On Sept. 22, at a concert packed with 30,000 people headlined by Mashrou' Leila, a Lebanese alternative rock band whose lead singer is openly gay, a small group of concertgoers raised a rainbow flag and, within hours, the image went viral.
Almost immediately, local media, dominated by state-aligned television personalities, began a campaign against gays, saying they were receiving foreign funding, and hosting callers who compared their threat to Islamic State.
Egypt's media regulator then banned gay people people from appearing in the media unless they were "repenting," calling homosexuality a "shame and a disease that should be kept under wraps, not promoted" in order to protect public morality.
Al-Azhar, Egypt's 1,000-year-old centre of Islamic learning, said it would stand against gays in the way it stands against Islamist extremists. One church organised an anti-gay conference.
Public Prosecutor Nabil Sadek ordered the State Security Prosecution, which normally investigates terrorism and other national security threats, to investigate the flag incident.
At least four people, including Hegazy and 21-year-old Ahmed Alaa, were arrested for allegedly raising the flag although one man has since been released.
The overwhelming majority of those arrested are not involved in the flag case, however, and have simply been arrested over their perceived sexual orientation in the following days.
Police have raided homes, parties, and used online dating apps to lure gay men -- a common tactic in Egypt -- to arrest most of them, their lawyers say.
At a Cairo courthouse defendants stood in a cage, holding up newspapers and books to hide their faces to shield themselves from the stigma of homosexuality in Egyptian society.
Worst Crackdown Yet
Although homosexuality is not specifically outlawed in Egypt, it is a conservative society and discrimination is rife. Gay men are frequently arrested and typically charged with debauchery, immorality or blasphemy.
The last comparable crackdown on homosexuals in Egypt was in 2001, when police raided a floating disco called the Queen Boat. Fifty-two men were tried in the case, which drew widespread criticism from human rights groups and Western governments.
But the current wave has already surpassed that incident both in numbers and in state action, with defendants facing much faster trials than usual, said Dalia Abd Elhameed, EIPR's gender and women's rights officer.
No Western government has publicly condemned or commented on this crackdown, but Egypt is facing criticism from the United States, a major ally, over its human rights record.
Washington denied Egypt $95.7 million in aid and delayed a further $195 million because it failed to make progress on human rights and democracy, U.S. sources told Reuters in August.
Egypt has taken a leading role at the United Nations in opposing gay rights. It was one of 13 countries to vote last week against a U.N. resolution condemning the death penalty for having gay sex.
It led a dozen states in boycotting a session in January with the first U.N. expert on anti-gay violence and discrimination. It sent a letter last year on behalf of Muslim countries to the secretary-general that led to the exclusion of 22 gay and transgender rights groups from the U.N. General Assembly's High Level Meeting on Ending Aids.
Gay men and rights activists say the LGBTQ community has been facing an aggressive crackdown since 2013, when President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi as military chief ousted Muslim Brotherhood president Mohamed Mursi.
EIPR has documented 232 cases between October 2013 and March 2017 where people were arrested for allegedly being gay or transgender, Abd Elhameed said. Many of these cases went to court where the average sentence was around three years in jail, although in some cases it went up to 12.
Sisi has been criticised by the Brotherhood as being anti-Islam, and rights groups say tough treatment of the LGBT community is a way to counter that while diverting attention from the country's tough economic conditions.
Community in Fear
The crackdown has Egypt's already underground LGBTQ community living in fear. Five gay men who all requested anonymity said they were avoiding gay-friendly spaces and deleting online dating profiles for fear of arrest.
Some are considering leaving the country.
But the recent developments underscore an existing reality for gay Egyptians: They are in constant physical danger.
"I don't feel comfortable just being myself. We're not talking about gay rights here, no one is calling for marriage equality, we face the possibility of jail and humiliation for merely existing," said one 25-year-old gay man.
A 31-year-old gay man recounted how he was tied up and beaten at his Cairo flat last year by two men who threatened to kill him after meeting through the gay dating app Grindr.
They posed as police officers at some point, playing on a common fear for gay Egyptians, before stealing items from his flat. The man says he later felt going to the police was almost as traumatic as the incident itself.
Police records show officers create false dating profiles and set up dates only to arrest the men who show up. Sometimes they tell the men to bring condoms then use them as evidence, Abd Elhameed said.
"There are people in the Interior Ministry who take our money as taxpayers to engage in sex chatting with people then arrest them. It is as ridiculous as this; the evidence sheets include nude photos and erotic chat transcripts."
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
Video
The Environment Secretary Michael Gove has said that UK waters will be "ours to police" after Brexit.
Access to UK waters for fishing will be negotiated annually, but Gove insisted that the UK will "hold the cards" in negotiations.
Putting Catherine Deneuve, goddess of world cinema, in a fuzzy pink Afro wig might seem unforgivable. But by the time that happens in Emanuelle Bercot's genial comedy, it's obvious that...
DEFIANCE – Errors cost the Greenville baseball team on Saturday as the Green Wave lost 8-2 to Defiance and 10-7 to Tinora.
In the first game of the day, Defiance scored two runs in the first inning, one in the second, three in the fourth and two in the fifth while holding Greenville to two runs in the top of the sixth.
Both Greenville and Defiance had five hits. Greenville committed six errors, though, while Defiance only committed one.
Greenville's Logan Eldridge went 2-for-3, was hit by a pitch, stole a base and scored a run. Tyler Beyke was 2-for-4 and scored a run. Peter Pandey went 1-for-1 with a walk and a stolen base.
Pandey was the losing pitcher for Greenville as he went 3 1/3 innings, allowing six unearned runs on two hits, three walks and two strikeouts. Cam Kiser pitched 2 2/3 innings and allowed two unearned runs on three hits, two walks and three strikeouts.
Greenville then lost the second game of the day 10-7 at Tinora.
Greenville took a 4-0 lead with one run in the second inning and three in the third before Tinora scored eight in the bottom of the third to lead 8-4. Greenville scored three more runs in the top half of the fifth inning while Tinora scored two in the bottom half of the frame.
Greenville out-hit Tinora 11 to eight but committed six errors while Tinora committed none.
Jason Shields went 2-for-4 with a double and two RBIs for Greenville. Pandey was 2-for-4 with a stolen base, a run and three RBI. Tyler Beyke was 2-for-3 with a walk, a stolen base and two runs. Tanner Ross was 2-for-4 with a RBI and a run.
Brandon Beyke went 1-for-3 with a triple and a run. Eldridge was 1-for-2 with two walks, two runs and a RBI. Kyle Mills was 1-for-4.
Tyler Beyke was the losing pitcher as he went 2 1/3 innings, allowing three earned runs and five unearned runs on five hits and six walks. Brandon Beyke pitched 3 2/3 innings, allowing two unearned runs on three hits, five walks and two strikeouts.
http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Greenville-logo-WEB-20.jpg
By Kyle Shaner [email protected]
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.Reach
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.Reach
The worst season imaginable only set the stage for a moment that didn't seem real.
More than six weeks removed from their most recent win, the Red Storm ended their 11-game losing streak at the least expected time, stunning the country Saturday afternoon, with a 81-77 upset of No. 4 Duke at a sold-out Madison Square Garden.
Led by Shamorie Ponds' 33 points, St. John's (11-13, 0-11) picked up its first win since Dec. 20, and could pull an even bigger upset when it travels Wednesday to face No. 1 Villanova. It was the Red Storm's first win over the Blue Devils since winning at the Garden seven years, en route to the NCAA Tournament. Bashir Ahmed also had one of the best games of his career, adding 19 points.
Barring a miracle, St. John's won't get there this season, but that didn't matter, following the moment that will outlast any memory from this season.
Duke (19-4, 7-3), led by Gary Trent Jr.'s 22 points, committed 18 turnovers, while Grayson Allen made just 1-of-7 shots, and missed a game-tying 3-point attempt in the final seconds.
Duke never trailed in the first half, but couldn't run away from the struggling Red Storm. While the Blue Devils held an 18-8 edge on the glass, and got 25 combined points from Marvin Bagley III and Gary Trent Jr. in the first half, they also committed 12 turnovers, and enabled a slew of easy looks for the Red Storm at the rim. Led by Tariq Owens' 10 early points, St. John's trailed 39-32 at halftime.
Surprisingly, St. John's came out even stronger in the second half. Ponds scored eight quick points to lead a 10-2 run out of the break, drilling a 3-pointer with 16:53 remaining to give the Red Storm their first lead of the game. It seemed as if Ponds could smile no wider, but his alley oop pass to Owens putting St. John's up three made it possible.
After Bagley picked up his fourth foul with 12:24 remaining, even Coach K seemed convinced the improbable might happen, taking off his jacket, and standing up from his chair, scowling with his hands on hips.
The Garden believed, too, after Bashir Ahmed hit a 3-pointer with 11:53 remaining, putting St. John's up 58-50. Duke continued its panicked play and the lead was extended to 11 with less than seven minutes to play. The Blue Devils then went on a 7-0 run, and Trent finally put Duke ahead on free throws with 1:35 remaining.
Ponds responded with a layup and a three-pointer to push St. John's back in front by four with 40 seconds left, and the Red Storm made free throws to seal the upset.
Sophomore guard Marcus LoVett was at the game, but sitting behind one of the baskets. Sporting St. John's gear, LoVett said he was “not sure” if he would return to play for the Red Storm next season. LoVett, who played his final game of the season on Nov. 26 because of a knee injury, had not appeared at recent games.
It was, with caveats to which we shall come shortly, a customarily confident and effective performance by Mike Russell, the Minister for Mitigating Brexit (to give him his decidedly informal title.)
Speaking in Holyrood, he explained his presence there - or rather his absence from talks in London which had been pencilled in the diary in order to finalise negotiations with regard to the return of devolved powers post Brexit.
Mr Russell's absence was readily explained. He has said in the past that he is fed up attending meetings with the UK government where the principal item on the agenda is the date for the next meeting.
He was on secure ground, too, when talking about the origins of this controversy. The determination of the Scottish government to defend the devolution settlement against a "crude power grab".
The previous decision of the relevant Holyrood committee to say that the present EU Withdrawal Bill at Westminster was unacceptable in that it unreasonably held back EU powers in devolved area such as farming.
The minister noted that this committee decision had been unanimous, glancing meaningfully at the Tories, as he did so.
It was an implicit warning to the Conservatives not to shift ground. (They have, arguing that UK Ministers have moved and that it is the SNP which is now being stubborn.)
Image copyright PA Image caption Carwyn Jones has agreed a deal with the UK government - but Nicola Sturgeon has not
Remember the background? Powers in devolved areas returning from Brussels. Should they go straight to Edinburgh? Or should they, as UK Ministers contend, rest in London while replacement UK frameworks are created?
Clear distinction. For UK Ministers, this is about cutting a deal, if they can. For Scottish Ministers, this is about principle. These are devolved powers. They should go to Edinburgh, no ifs, an absence of buts. There could then be, by consent, UK frameworks to which they are not remotely averse.
Why, Mr Russell asked, did there have to be constraints placed upon Holyrood's power to legislate in these returning areas, perhaps for up to seven years, when the limits placed on Westminster legislation for England were by voluntary agreement? Not, he implied, fair.
All clear so far? Question of principle. Not amenable to cutting a deal, whereby the two sides split the difference.
But then arise the caveats. Firstly, Mr Russell has relied thus far upon a comparable stance being taken in Wales, by the Labour-led administration. This has helped bolster his argument that this is not a Nationalist gesture, that it is a concern shared by devolved legislatures.
Welsh agreement
However, opposition MSPs raised speculation - since confirmed - that the departing Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones has reached an agreement.
Where, opponents helpfully asked Mr Russell, would this leave Scotland? Unflustered but plainly under a little pressure, Mr Russell said that Wales must go its own course but that the two devolved nations would continue to work together.
Then caveat number two. There had been substantial expectation at the end of last week that there would be a meeting of the Joint Ministerial Committee (EU Negotiations) - JMC (EN) - today. And that it would herald a deal.
That speculation slowly died over the last 48 hours or so. What, those same helpful opponents inquired, had caused this? Had Mr Russell also been ready to deal - but been over-ruled by the first minister?
Mr Russell was repeatedly asked for his view on this. With comparable frequency, he issued a denial, at one point confining his answer to the single word "No".
Indeed, he had sought to pre-empt such challenges by insisting in his statement that the Scottish government had been "absolutely and unanimously clear" about the need to preserve the principle of devolution.
So where are we now? We have learned that the Welsh have struck a deal. We will learn more from the UK government as to how they intend to proceed.
Mr Russell, meanwhile, is advancing two possible solutions. One, drop Clause 11 (the bit of the Bill which deals with devolved powers) - while penning a written agreement between Edinburgh and London that the two governments will not legislate in these returning areas while the frameworks are built.
Two, stick to the present system of rules and regulations - while agreeing constraint on any legislation north or south of the border; in essence, that both would require mutual consent.
The minister characterised these as "practical and workable" solutions. There are of course alternatives.
There may yet be a deal between Edinburgh and London which would permit the Scottish Parliament to consent to a revised bill in Westminster. In reality, the deadline for this is mid-May, prior to Third Reading in the Lords.
That would mean Holyrood drops the Continuity Bill, allowing these powers to be written into Scots Law. You will remember that bill is now the subject of a UK government challenge in the Supreme Court.
Or there could be no deal. And the Continuity Bill is upheld by the Supreme Court allowing Holyrood to proceed.
Or there could be no deal. The Continuity Bill could be struck down. And Westminster could use its sovereign powers to legislate for the whole of the UK, without Holyrood consent.
Sen. Jack Latvala on sexual harassment allegations
A defiant and confident Sen. Jack Latvala speaks to reporters Monday about sexual harassment allegations against him by a Senate aide.
Bill Cosby, left, arrives with his wife, Camille, for his sexual assault retrial, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa. Matt Slocum AP Photo
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Some internet addiction "boot camps" employ military-style discipline in treating patients
A Chinese teenager has died days after he was sent to an internet addiction treatment centre, reigniting criticism of these controversial institutions.
The 18-year-old had allegedly sustained multiple injuries, and the centre's director and several staff members have been detained, according to reports.
The incident took place earlier this month in eastern Anhui province.
China has seen a proliferation in so-called "boot camps" aimed at treating internet and gaming addictions.
Some are known for their military-style discipline and have been criticised for overly harsh practices.
'Completely covered with scars'
In the latest incident in Anhui, the teenager's mother, surnamed Liu, said her son had developed a serious internet addiction which she and her husband were unable to help.
The parents then decided to send their son to a centre in Fuyang city which touted to use a combination of "psychological guidance and fitness training" to treat children for their internet addictions, reported the Anhui Shangbao newspaper.
Ms Liu dropped off her son on the night of 3 August. Two days later, the parents were informed that their son had been rushed to the hospital, where he later died.
The exact cause of the teenager's death is not known.
But the parents said they were told by doctors who examined their son's body that he had sustained more than 20 external injuries, as well as several internal injuries. They were allowed to see his body in the mortuary.
"My son's body was completely covered with scars, from top to toe... When I sent my son to the centre he was still fine, how could he have died within 48 hours?" Ms Liu was quoted as saying in Anhui Shangbao.
State broadcaster CCTV said the centre's director and four teaching staff have been detained, and authorities have shut down the centre while investigations are ongoing.
'Lack of education'
In the wake of the incident, many online and in newspaper editorials called for tighter regulation of addiction treatment centres - but also criticised the teenager's parents.
"In the end this is due to a lack of family education," said one commenter on microblogging platform Sina Weibo.
An editorial by the Mingguang Daily paper noted that "some parents, upon discovering the problem, fail to reflect on their responsibility to educate, and instead want to seek third parties' help in solving the problem."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Some treatment centres, like this one in Beijing, do EEG tests to record the electrical activity in patients' brains
Addiction "boot camps" have grown in number across China in recent years. Some are run out of government hospitals while others are private clinics.
They remain popular despite growing controversy over some centres' practices, such as beating patients and electroshock therapy, and a string of shocking incidents. Last year, a teenager reportedly killed her mother for sending her to a centre where she was allegedly abused.
Trent Bax of Ewha Womans University, who has researched Chinese internet addiction, says many centres use "emotive power advertising" which appeal to parents who want "a 'quick fix' solution to their child's problems".
"The parents are also acting in response to a very real fear that the only child's successful future may never be realised because they refuse to stop gaming and start studying," he told the BBC.
In some cases, says Prof Bax, parents may also hold the "'traditional' view of education that permits the use of violence to 'straighten out' a delinquent child".
Chinese authorities have begun cracking down, and earlier this year drafted laws which, if passed, would explicitly prohibit abusive treatment of internet addicts such as electroshock therapy.
Companies have also moved to limit minors' excessive online gaming. Last month, internet giant Tencent began imposing restrictions on gaming hours for young users of one of its most popular games.
TORONTO — Eric McCormack and the animated film “The Breadwinner” are among the Canadian nominees for this year's Golden Globe Awards.
Toronto-born McCormack is nominated for best actor in a musical or comedy series for “Will and Grace.”
And “The Breadwinner,” a Canadian co-production produced by Angelina Jolie, is up for best animated film.
Meanwhile, the HBO series “Big Little Lies,” directed by Montreal's Jean-Marc Vallee, is in the running for several trophies.
The series was named in the category of the best television limited series or motion picture made for television this morning.
Also nominated in that category is the Alberta-shot series “Fargo.”
Video
Drum and bass star Goldie has been ordered to pay almost £2,500 for assaulting a security guard at last year's Glastonbury Festival.
At Bristol Magistrates' Court he was described as a "raging bull" when Dennis Poole refused him and his daughter access to a restricted area.
Outside court he told reporters he was "always sorry", but then asked what he had done.
Having already smooshed everything imaginable, the internet is ready to leave hydraulic presses behind and now focus its collective interest on weird things you can stick in an industrial shredder. First up is a classic Stretch Armstrong toy ,whose moist, squishy death cries will haunt your nightmares.
Featuring a body made of latex rubber filled with a stretchy gel (which was originally gelled corn syrup) the Stretch Armstrong action figure can be stretched from 15-inches long to almost five-feet without it tearing. Impressive stretching capabilities don't mean anything to an industrial shredder, which quickly devours Armstrong, turning the hero into the equivalent of ground beef.
Stretch Armstrong did get his revenge, as cleaning the industrial shredder after this experiment was even more nightmarish. [YouTube via The Awesomer]
More Watches These Posts:
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
When Prince Harry and American actress Meghan Markle tie the knot on May 19, they'll be live on news networks across the globe and plastered across the covers of special magazine issues.
Royal weddings, with their pomp and splendor, only come along every so often — and media companies are making sure they rake in every last dollar available.
“The potential for revenue generation wrapped up in a royal wedding is huge and it runs into the multi-millions,” said Mike Bloxham, senior vice president of global media and entertainment at the media advisory firm Magid. “There is no end of things that creative media owners and creative ad sales teams can do to generate significant revenue.”
The wedding is a welcome respite for print and digital media companies that have encountered a tough ad market in recent years. For network TV and cable news networks that have been buoyed by political drama in Washington lately, the royal wedding opens up new categories of advertisers that otherwise tend to avoid the news.
The stars have aligned for media companies in a few ways. Interest in the British royal family is at a high point, thanks to no shortage of recent storylines, including Kate and William's new baby boy, Queen Elizabeth II's 92nd birthday and even the death of the Queen's last corgi. The inclusion of an American may boost ratings and readership to new heights.
If that wasn't enough, the wedding is on a Saturday in May, a time that doesn't normally draw major audiences, offering TV companies a chance to maximize their income.
“Not only is it a rare event, it's also being aired on a Saturday morning, giving more Americans the opportunity to tune in,” said Ashwin Navin, chief executive of the data firm Samba TV.
While Prince Harry isn't directly in line for the throne, his marriage to Markle, who appeared on the USA Network's legal drama “Suits,” is sure to excite more Americans than previous royal events. Markle is biracial, divorced and had a successful TV career before she met Prince Harry, making her a relatable future royal.
“Obviously the royal family has been seen as distant,” said Julie Alvin, senior digital director of the lifestyle group at publisher Meredith, which houses InStyle and Real Simple magazines among others. “But she seems approachable and not of an impossibly high social tier. A lot of women of color are saying, ‘A woman like me is entering the whitest family on earth.'”
In print, the gold rush has already started. Town & Country has already published “American Princess,” a $13.99 magazine on “her style, her story,” that includes a “photo history of American Royals Past and Present.”
Town & Country's editor-in-chief, Stellene Volandes, notes the magazine is planning special events with jewelry companies, which are keen to exploit interest.
“That morning the whole world will be in front of their TV and phones waiting to see her emerge,” she said. “There is a huge insatiable appetite from Town & Country magazine readers.”
She said the magazine was already seeing record numbers on its website since news of the wedding was announced. “It's a great opportunity across all categories,” she said.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
There should be zero tolerance for pot use by drivers or their passengers, a new report by the Canadian Mental Health Association Ontario branch recommends.
The report, Cannabis Legalization and Regulation, also says that all marijuana revenue should go to fund mental health and addiction services, and that the minimum age to purchase the product should be 19 years old.
“The risk is that legalization of cannabis may lead to an increase in use among Ontarians,” Camille Quenneville, CEO of CMHA Ontario, said in a statement Monday. “When taken together, our recommendations can minimize the harms associated with cannabis use and support a public health approach to this issue.”
As the Justin Trudeau government gets set to legalize pot by July 2018, CMHA Ontario prepared a report for the provincial government with recommendations on how to go forward.
The report says marijuana legalization should be viewed through a public health lens.
CMHA Ontario anticipates an increased need for mental health and addiction support services with legal pot, especially for youth and heavy consumers “ranging from brief interventions for at-risk users to more intensive interventions,” as well as extensive public education campaigns.
The “most concerning” issue is driving high, with data already showing that an estimated 10.4 million vehicle trips a year involve a motorist that had used marijuana, the report says.
Testing for drug-impaired driving may not accurately reflect the level of impairment, it says.
“Because the technology to detect an individual's level of impairment due to cannabis is still in development at this time, CMHA Ontario recommends a zero-tolerance policy for cannabis consumption in any motorized vehicle in order to ensure road safety during this time of transition,” the report says. “A zero-tolerance policy would include both the driver of the motorized vehicle, and any passengers in the car. It is important that a clear message be sent to the public as soon as possible regarding zero tolerance for impaired driving due to cannabis use.”
While the Canadian Medical Association, which represents the nation's doctors, called for a minimum legal pot-buying age of 21, CMHA Ontario suggested the lower age of 19.
“Frequent cannabis use can harm a developing brain and there is no evidence that supports a specific age when cannabis use is safe for young people,” the report says. “However, there are concerns that a higher minimum age may contribute to young people accessing cannabis from illegal sources. Establishing a higher minimum age standard will be less effective in undermining the black market, and may leave youth both criminalized and reliant on it.”
aartuso@postmedia.com
SEOUL: The US and South Korea announced Tuesday that their annual joint military drills would go ahead next month, with no significant downsize in scale despite an ongoing diplomatic thaw with North Korea.The large-scale exercises involving tens of thousands of ground troops are a perennial source of tension between the two Koreas, with Pyongyang condemning them as provocative rehearsals for an invasion of the North.With talks under way to set up a North-South summit, followed by a proposed face-to-face meet between Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un, there was speculation that this year's drills might be scaled back to avoid derailing the discussions.They had already been delayed to avoid clashing with the Pyeongchang Winter Games in the South last month.But Washington and Seoul said the exercises, expected to resume on April 1, would be “similar” in size to those of previous years.“The UN Command has notified today the North Korean military on the schedule as well as the defensive nature of the annual exercises,” Seoul's defense ministry spokeswoman told reporters.The Pentagon added in a statement: “Our combined exercises are defense-oriented and there is no reason for North Korea to view them as a provocation.”According to a senior South Korean envoy who made a rare visit to Pyongyang earlier this month, Kim had made it clear he “understands” the need for the drills to go ahead.Such an acknowledgement is in stark contrast to the Kim regime's denunciations of the exercises in the past. The North has often responded to the drills with its own military actions, and last year fired four ballistic missiles close to Japan.“Foal Eagle” is a series of field training exercises with approximately 11,500 US forces taking part, together with 290,000 South Korean troops, while “Key Resolve” is a command post exercise using mainly computer-based simulations.The US, as South Korea's security guarantor, has close to 30,000 troops stationed in the South — a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War that ended with an armistice instead of a peace treaty.Following an extended period of escalating tensions on the Korean peninsula, the Winter Olympics provided the catalyst for a sudden and very rapid rapprochement that resulted in the announcements of the planned summits.Those announcements were made by the South Koreans, who have been orchestrating the diplomatic preparations and acting as the messenger between Washington and Pyongyang.Trump's administration is pushing ahead with plans for a summit before the end of May, but North Korea has yet to independently confirm it even extended an invitation to leadership talks — maintaining a silence that has raised some concerns in Washington and Seoul.According to the South Korean envoy who met with Kim in Pyongyang, the North Korean leader also offered to consider abandoning his nuclear weapons in exchange for US security guarantees and flagged a halt to all missile and nuclear tests while dialogue was under way.Kim Byung-yeon, an expert in North Korea's economy at Seoul National University, said the ever-growing layer of sanctions on the North was pushing its regime to negotiations.“With the economic damages caused by the sanctions growing ... the North seems to have come forward for talks to curb potential frustration among its people,” he said.“I think the North will show more sincerity in upcoming negotiations than before,” he said.The North-South summit — to be held at the border truce village of Panmunjom next month — will be the third summit between the two neighbors who remain technically at war.The summit, if realized, will be an opportunity to test Kim's willingness for nuclear disarmament demanded by the US, said Cheong Seong-chang, analyst at Sejong Institute think tank.“It will be the first opportunity for the international community to gauge Kim's intention and stance on the nuclear and missile arsenal before the Trump-Kim summit,” Cheong said.
Why it matters to you This feature does the heavy lifting and tells you the best times to post to your Instagram account, though it costs a few bucks.
One question that always comes to mind for your typical Instagram user: When is the best time to post? This is especially the case lately, where engagement has been declining since the introduction of the new algorithm that controls what users see in their feeds. Figuring out the best time to post on your account(s) has traditionally not been an easy task but the social scheduler Later is hoping to change that.
On Wednesday, Later debuted its latest update, a highly requested feature that analyzes your Instagram account and tells you the ideal times to post. The feature has been built into Later's calendar view, where a user can turn on the feature and see highlighted time segments appear on their scheduling calendar. It's that simple, just click a single button — no setup, no additional information, just click and schedule.
In order for this new feature to work, users will need to have at least 50 Instagram posts over the course of the last six months. So new Instagram accounts will not be able to benefit from this feature until they have passed that threshold. Additionally, Later states that the more posts that you have, the more accurate your analysis will be thanks to the larger sample size.
The feature will display the users top seven posting times in a given week on the calendar. But this does not indicate the best time each day, as Later explains it, in some weeks you may run into a case where a single day has two best time slots and another day has none. Later also states this feature will work best for users who post at varying times throughout a day or week because users who always post at the same times will not have any variance to the data analyzed by the feature — thus resulting in recommendations that effectively tell the user to post when they already do.
Finally, this new feature is going to cost you if you want to take advantage of it. Users of Later's $16 per month business plan or higher will have access this feature. If you would like to learn more about it you can check out the detailed post over on its website, here.
Image copyright PA Image caption Jonathan Bartley and Caroline Lucas will address the party faithful at the Harrogate gathering
The Green Party of England and Wales will debate issues ranging from climate change to staying in the EU single market, at its annual conference.
Party members will gather at Harrogate on Saturday for the four-day event.
Like the Lib Dems, SNP and UKIP, the Greens saw their vote share fall in the 2017 general election, as 82% of voters backed the Conservatives or Labour.
The party got 1.6% of the vote, down on the 3.8% it got in 2015, although it retained its Brighton Pavilion seat.
The party's co-leader Jonathan Bartley, who will give a speech on Monday, said the Greens would say "things others won't" - including on Brexit.
"When there is an establishment consensus on leaving the single market, we'll say that's incompatible with ending austerity," he said. "We're at a turning point - and we need to be asking big questions about our future."
Among topics being discussed at the conference are the Grenfell Tower disaster and council accountability and what Brexit means for the environment.
The Greens have a single seat at Westminster - Brighton Pavilion, which has been held by co-leader Caroline Lucas since 2010 - and three MEPs.
It has built strong pockets of local support in cities such as Norwich, Oxford, and Bristol but failed to make hoped-for breakthroughs there in June.
The swimsuit season is finally here! Celebrities are already flaunting their beach bodies in sexy swimwear. A huge trend among the A-listers is the one-piece swimsuit. Check out the hottest monokini worn by celebs in our gallery below.
Candice Swanepoel
Candice Swanepoel looks dreamy in a swimwear design of her own. The model's swimsuit line Tropic of C offers a wide range of hot one-piece styles.
Image copyright West Midlands Police Image caption The victim was dragged from her bed as her attacker took her around her house, demanding money
An 87-year-old great grandmother has been left with "horrific" bruising following a "brutal and heartless" attack in her home.
The woman was dragged from her bed at around 06:30 GMT on Monday by her attacker at the house in Wylde Green, Sutton Coldfield, in the West Midlands.
Police said the man, who is aged between 18 and 25, had disconnected the woman's phone line.
The battered victim finally got help after crawling to a neighbour's.
The woman, who does not wish to be identified, suffered extensive bruising as her attacker took her around the house demanding money.
West Midlands Police said he rifled through drawers, stealing jewellery and other precious items, including a distinctive commemorative coin from Sierra Leone.
Image copyright West Midlands Police Image caption A distinctive coin was among the items stolen
The man, who speaks with a local accent, is described as white, around 5ft 8ins [1.73m] tall, aged between 18 and 25 and slim.
He was wearing dark clothing and baseball hat with an orange rim.
Det Con Laura Halpin, who is leading the investigation, said: "This was a brutal and heartless attack on this lady and we are absolutely determined to catch the person responsible.
"I'd urge people who may know who is responsible to look at the injuries of this lady and do the right thing - get in touch with us."
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Image copyright PA Image caption The wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle had crowds in excess of 100,000 people
A police commissioner has said he plans to apply for "special funding" to cover the cost of policing the royal wedding.
Anthony Stansfeld said they could claim for cash from the Home Office if the bill comes to over 1% of the Thames Valley force's £405m annual budget.
He admitted it would take "a long time" to finalise the exact cost of Duke and Duchess of Sussex's big day, but suggested it was "between £2m and £4m".
He said having to "carry" a bill of up to £4m was "not entirely satisfactory".
The police and crime commissioner (PCC) told the BBC the cost was currently "well below" the £4m required to make a claim.
However, he said the costs of "other major national events" coming up in the force's area this year could be merged to get funding from the special grant.
The Home Office says PCCs can apply for special grant funding to meet additional costs that would be incurred from "policing unexpected and exceptional events within their areas".
Image copyright TVP Image caption Up to 100,000 well-wishers lined the route as the duke and duchess travelled through Windsor
Policing minister Nick Hurd said no application for funding in respect of the wedding had so far been received.
"The cost really was a lot of people [officers] had their leave cancelled and will take it at other times," Mr Stansfeld said.
"Those sorts of things, there is not a direct cost but there were direct costs."
The wedding saw crowds in excess of 100,000 people.
The Metropolitan Police spent £6.35m on security for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's wedding in 2011.
Royal Ascot, Henley Regatta and the wedding of Princess Eugenie to Jack Brooksbank in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle are some of the events that will be policed by Thames Valley Police this year.
Appeals court reignites battle over famed TV bishop's remains Let him rest in peace already! TV Bishop Fulton Sheen has been dead for nearly 40 years, but the battle over his remains continues — resurrected yet again Tuesday when...
Catholic school set to close, despite asking Pope Francis for help When staff at St. Ann's Catholic School in The Bronx was told by the New York Archdiocese the school would have to shut its doors this year, they decided to...
Bishop who led diocese of Brooklyn and Queens dead at 89 Retired Bishop Thomas Dailies, who led the diocese of Brooklyn and Queens for more than 13 years, died Monday in Douglaston, church officials said. The 89-year-old Daily passed away at...
Archdiocese wants to mortgage prized Manhattan real estate to pay off sex abuse victims The Archdiocese of New York plans to mortgage a prized piece of Madison Avenue property behind St. Patrick's Cathedral for $100 million so it can pay off victims of priestly...
Catholic Church moves to canonize Dorothy Day The movement to have Dorothy Day canonized started shortly after the centennial of her birthday, November 8, 1997, by John Cardinal O'Connor. He began the necessary process of gathering testimonials...
Judge rules bishop's remains should be removed from St. Patrick's TV Bishop Fulton Sheen is finally going home to Peoria, Ill. — nearly 37 years after he died — thanks to a Manhattan judge's ruling against the Catholic Archdiocese of...
Judge to settle battle over famed TV bishop's remains A Manhattan judge is set to settle a holy war between the kin of late TV Bishop Fulton Sheen and the New York Archdiocese. Justice Arlene Bluth said at a...
Archdiocese announces plan to compensate sex abuse victims NEW YORK — The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York is announcing a compensation program for sex abuse victims as advocates press state lawmakers to make it easier to sue...
Pete Davidson on vulgar SI priest: He's 'an epic piece of s–t' “Saturday Night Live” funny­man Pete Davidson launched an online rant Wednesday against a priest being sued for using profanity at a Staten Island parochial school — including calling women “tw-ts.”...
NEW YORK — A U.S. Senator is criticizing the director of Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for an apparent financial conflict of interest that the senator says may prevent the director from doing her job.
Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald became director of the Atlanta-based CDC in July, and was required to sell a range of stocks she owned, including beer and soda companies, the tobacco company Philip Morris International, and much health care companies such as vaccine manufacturers.
"I've done everything that they've requested, in a timely manner as they've requested," Fitzgerald said Monday in an interview with The Associated Press. "My financial people tell me we have now sold all the stocks."
Brenda Fitzgerald, then-Georgia Department of Public Health commissioner, left, and Gov. Nathan Deal respond to questions about Ebola victims under treatment at Emory University Hospital on Oct. 16, 2014, in Atlanta. David Tulis / AP
But last week, Sen. Patty Murray wrote Fitzgerald saying she's concerned about unresolved financial holdings noted in Fitzgerald's ethics agreement with U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. CDC is part of HHS.
The agreement notes Fitzgerald is unable to divest from certain investments that could prevent her from talking about cancer and prescription drug monitoring programs, wrote Murray, a Democrat from Washington.
"I am concerned that you cannot perform the role of CDC Director while being largely recused from matters pertaining to cancer and opioids, two of the most pervasive and urgent health challenges we face as a country," wrote Murray, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Committee of Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, which oversees the CDC.
Related: Big Tobacco finally tells the truth in court-ordered ad campaign
She called on Fitzgerald to release more information and to meet with the committee about the issue.
Public health leaders have noted Fitzgerald has kept an unusually low profile since becoming CDC director. Fitzgerald says she's simply wanted time to learn about the agency, but also said she bowed out of an Oct. 5 Congressional hearing on opioids due to a financial conflict of interest.
Fitzgerald said her stock purchases had been handled by two financial management companies and that she hadn't been aware of particular holdings until they were raised to her by ethics compliance officials at HHS. She said her stock sales have been completed since the October hearing.
HHS and CDC officials did not provide a copy of Fitzgerald's ethics agreement to the AP, and did not respond to questions about Murray's concerns.
Related: Disease cures don't come cheap. Is the U.S. spending wisely?
CDC, the nation's top public health agency, is the only federal agency headquartered outside of Washington, D.C. It has nearly 12,000 employees, and about three-quarters of them are based in the Atlanta area.
Fitzgerald, 71, was a long-time obstetrician-gynecologist in the Atlanta area, a former major in the U.S. Air Force, and campaigned twice, unsuccessfully, as a Republican candidate for Congress in the 1990s. She led Georgia's state health department for six years before being tapped for the CDC job.
People who've met with her say that in small groups or personal meetings she can be gregarious, and she was a prominent spokesperson on health issues in the past.
But since Fitzgerald took office, she has skipped important public health meetings and bowed out of at least one Congressional hearing. For months, she declined nearly all media interviews, and was absent from the kind of flu vaccination promotions that traditionally star CDC directors.
Fitzgerald said she was traveling or had other scheduling conflicts during many of those events.
The more other people tell you that certain things cannot be done the more determined you will be to prove them wrong. There is a danger, however, that that is what they are hoping you will do. Don't fall for the old double bluff trick Pisces!
Ireland snatch a dramatic late win over France in the 2018 Six Nations after an incredible long-range drop goal by fly-half Johnny Sexton.
MATCH REPORT: Six Nations - France 13-15 Ireland
WATCH MORE: Highlights: Wales 34-7 Scotland
A 46-year-old Plainfield Township went to his local convenience store during the recent snowstorm to buy cigarettes, but, with his penis exposed from his boxer shorts, threatened to kill the clerk when the transaction didn't go well, police say.
Jason Moyer, of the 2000 block of Delabole Road, walked into Tolino's Speed Break at 4:20 p.m. Saturday at 1035 Blue Valley Drive in the township, Slate Belt Regional police report. He was wearing a hooded sweatshirt, shoes and boxer shorts, police said.
MORE: 4 alleged child sex predators charged
Moyer, who is a regular at the store and appeared to be high, tried to buy cigarettes with copper coins but they weren't legal currency, police said. He then tried to use a credit card, but it was rejected, police said.
Moyer threatened to "shoot up the place" and kill the clerk and then left, police said.
An arrest warrant was received on charges of terroristic threats, indecent exposure, open lewdness and disorderly conduct, authorities said. Moyer was arrested the next day and arraigned before District Judge Antonia Grifo, police said.
Bail was set at $15,000 and Moyer remained Monday in Northampton County Prison, record show.
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @TonyRhodin. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:02 Parts of Haiti left in ruins, says UN humanitarian coordinator
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
3:42 Impaired driver caught on Sarasota sheriff helicopter camera
1:10 Breast cancer patient says TSA 'humiliated' her at security checkpoint
0:55 Tennessee resident who fled wildfire: "It was like a picture of H-E-L-L."
LONDON — Disgraced celebrity publicist Max Clifford, a confidante to the stars who fell from grace amid Britain's investigation of past sexual abuse, died Sunday after collapsing in prison. He was 74.
Once one of the most powerful figures in British entertainment, Clifford was convicted in 2014 of eight counts of indecent assault stemming from attacks on teenagers dating back more than 40 years.
He was serving an 8-year prison sentence at Littlehey Prison in Cambridgeshire when he died, Britain's Ministry of Justice said.
Clifford was once as well known as the people he represented — the go-to guy for celebrities looking to limit the damage from drug problems, legal issues or declining popularity.
Publicist Max Clifford talks to reporters as he leaves Southwark Crown Court on April 28,in London. Mr Clifford has been found guilty of eight indecent assaults on women and girls as young as 15 by a jury at Southwark Crown Court. Peter Macdiarmid / Getty Images
His clients included TV mogul Simon Cowell and former Harrods owner Mohamed al-Fayed, as well as dozens of ordinary people who found themselves in the news vortex and sought to sell their stories to the press — a common practice in Britain.
The public relations guru was arrested in December 2012 amid allegations that he lured girls as young as 14 into sex by offering them acting roles. Clifford immediately swung into damage-control mode, vowing to clear his name of the charges, some of which stemmed from the 1970s and '80s.
"The allegations in respect of which I have been charged are completely false — very upsetting, very distressing, but completely false," he told reporters outside his home at the time. "I have never indecently assaulted anyone in my life, and this will become clear during the course of the proceedings."
Clifford was arrested as part of an investigation called Operation Yewtree, a wide-ranging inquiry into allegations of past offenses spurred by the case of Jimmy Savile, a well-known British entertainer accused of abusing hundreds of girls and women. He died in 2011.
The Savile case shocked Britain and embarrassed his employer, the BBC, which was accused of killing an investigation into Savile's alleged crimes.
The resulting upheaval is comparable to the stream of sexual misconduct allegations leveled at American actors, politicians and media personalities following revelations about Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein.
Before he was arrested, Clifford told The Associated Press that he was receiving calls from many celebrities and entertainers who were worried they would be caught up in the widening Savile investigation.
"They're phoning me and saying, 'Max, I'm worried that I'm going to be implicated,'" Clifford said at the time. "A lot of them can't remember what they did last week, never mind 30 or 40 years ago."
Clifford's daughter Louise told the Mail on Sunday that her father first collapsed on Thursday as he was trying to tidy his prison cell. He collapsed again the following day and was taken to a hospital, where suffered a heart attack.
She told the newspaper he had been in a "bad way" in a critical care unit.
"It was just too much," she said.
A Highland County jury found a Hillsboro man guilty on Monday of aggravated possession of methamphetamine, a fifth-degree felony, after deliberating for about one hour.
Testimony during the trial centered around a February drug bust at a shopping center on North High Street in Hillsboro, during which Steven Allen Jacobs, 51, was arrested after officers found a small bag of meth where he had been sitting while he was detained.
Detective Randy Sanders and Deputy Mike Gaines of the Highland County Sheriff's Office testified that law enforcement officers from around the county were stationed around the shopping center on Feb. 14 to observe a suspected drug transaction between a group from Dayton and Travis Leathley, 31, Hillsboro.
Sanders testified that he watched Leathley get into a black Chrysler 300 in the shopping center parking lot, then get out and approach a red SUV.
Gaines said he observed, from a different vantage point, Leathley handing an object to the driver of the SUV, who turned out to be Jacobs.
Sanders said the SUV was not a suspected vehicle in the investigation until Leathley approached it.
Officer Brian Butler of the Hillsboro Police Department testified that he was told to initiate a traffic stop on the SUV. Butler said when he initiated the traffic stop in the shopping center, the SUV appeared to halt abruptly, continued for a moment, then stopped.
Butler said he removed Jacobs from the vehicle and checked him for weapons, then, finding none, handcuffed him and sat him down on the ground while the vehicle was searched.
A set of scales were recovered from inside the SUV, but no drugs were found in it, according to various testimonies.
Gaines testified that he offered assistance to Butler as he detained Jacobs, and when Gaines helped Jacobs up off the ground, he observed a small bag of methamphetamine where Jacobs had been sitting.
When officers inquired about the bag, Jacobs said the wind had blown it there, according to Butler.
Upon searching the area, officers recovered another bag of meth near where the SUV had stopped the first time, Butler said.
“I suspected something may have been tossed from the vehicle,” Butler told the court.
Defense attorney JD Wagoner noted when addressing the jury that the bag was not found when Jacobs was patted down, and added that it didn't make sense for Jacobs to throw some drugs out the window and keep some to himself knowing he was going to be stopped.
After deliberating for about an hour, the jury found Jacobs guilty.
Following the trial, Highland County Common Pleas Court Judge Rocky Coss asked Jacobs if he would test positive for any drugs, and Jacobs said he would test positive for marijuana. He was was remanded to police custody.
Jacobs will be sentenced on Thursday, Jan. 18, 2018. He faces up to one year in prison.
Wagoner declined to comment on the case.
Highland County Prosecuting Attorney Anneka Collins told The Times-Gazette she was pleased with the outcome of the trial.
“I appreciate the jury's time and attention,” she said. “Officer Butler did a great job investigating the case. I really appreciate the cooperative effort of law enforcement in this case.”
Reach David Wright at 937-402-2570, or on Twitter @DavidWrighter.
Steven Jacobs, right, sits in court with defense attorney JD Wagoner during a jury trial on Monday. Steven Jacobs, right, sits in court with defense attorney JD Wagoner during a jury trial on Monday. David Wright | The Times-Gazette
Cops found meth on ground where Jacobs was sitting
HIGHLAND PARK, N.J. — A federal judge has temporarily halted deportation proceedings against Indonesian Christians who are in the U.S. illegally but are seeking to gain legal status, including a man honored for his work helping to rebuild more than 200 homes after Superstorm Sandy.
Friday's order issued by U.S. District Judge Esther Salas in Newark in response to a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union and applies to Indonesians who have orders of removal dating back to before 2009.
The order affects roughly 50 people who had identified themselves to Immigration and Customs Enforcement in 2009 as part of a program to obtain work authorization and stays of deportation, according to the ACLU and Seth Kaper-Dale, co-pastor of a church where some of the immigrants sought sanctuary.
The lawsuit came after several enforcement actions by immigration authorities in New Jersey that targeted Indonesian Christians and rekindled fears in a community that includes people who left Indonesia years ago to escape religious persecution.
Two men were arrested last month after they dropped their children off at school. Harry Pangemanan, who has been in the country since 1993 and lives with his wife and two daughters in central New Jersey, sought sanctuary at the Reformed Church of Highland Park, where he is an elder and where he spent nine months in 2012 under similar circumstances.
Two other men, Arthur Jemmy and Yohanes Tasik, already were living there to avoid detention.
Salas ordered both sides to file briefs over the next month.
A spokesman for ICE's Newark office didn't immediately return a message seeking comment.
Pangemanan has been staying in a room that doubles as a children's library at the church and had to move his belongings when the library is in use. His family joined him recently after their home was broken into and vandalized after his name was included in news reports.
“We are trying to stay strong as a family, take one day at a time,” he said in an interview with The Associated Press last week. “You do your best today, do something useful, and tomorrow is in god's hands.”
Pangemanan came to the country in 1993 on a tourist visa that was to lapse in five years, he said. His wife came in 1998 during a period of turmoil in Indonesia when Christians were being targeted. They cite that as one reason for not going back.
“A thousand churches were burned to the ground between 1996 and 2003,” said Kaper-Dale, of the Highland Park church. “Some islands are safer than others, but it's too simple to say it's safe now.”
Pangemanan concedes he didn't know enough about immigration law when he first arrived, and wasn't aware he had one year to apply for asylum. At the time, it didn't seem to matter.
“Nobody asked you, as long as you are a good man, you work hard and help your company, and you pay your taxes,” he said. “You're working like everybody else, you don't bother anybody. Then everything changed after Sept. 11.”
Working through the church after Sandy devastated the New Jersey coast in 2012, Pangemanan organized more than 2,000 volunteers, matching their skills with the needs of homeowners whose homes had been destroyed. He said he traveled to other areas of the country to perform similar work, including the Carolinas, West Virginia and Texas.
A system put in place after Sept. 11 required non-citizen men and boys from predominantly Arab or Muslim-majority countries to register and be photographed and fingerprinted.
Pangemanan and Jemmy said they complied, and have repeatedly tried to gain legal status since then, without success.
The new public works commissioner in a suburban Detroit county is declaring “all hands on deck” to fix a broken sewer line that has created a major sinkhole and forced the evacuation of 22 homes.
Former U.S. Rep. Candice Miller used her first day in office Sunday to urge Macomb County residents to reduce water consumption while crews create a bypass to get around the bad pipe. The short-term fix could take a month.
During a news conference at the sinkhole site in Fraser, Miller said she doesn't have all the answers but promised “transparency.”
The sinkhole was discovered Dec. 24, just weeks after Miller was elected to lead the county's public works department. Three homes likely are beyond repair, though residents in 19 homes could return in a week.
A LIMERICK daughter has written an emotionally-charged letter to Taoiseach Leo Varadkar after her 81 year-old mother who has Alzheimer's was left on a trolley for over 30 hours in University Hospital Limerick.
The woman, who does not wish to be identified to protect her mother's privacy, said that she was shocked at the scale of overcrowding in the hospital, and felt compelled to write to the Taoiseach.
“As I lie here in my own bed tonight, I've left my dear 81-year-old mother on a trolley in UHL for the last 33 hours without a bed in a hospital ward,” she wrote.
“I am ashamed to be a citizen of this country tonight to see what little respect and dignity the most vulnerable people in our society are treated with, not to mention the stressful working conditions these professionals and care workers are expected to work in,” she wrote.
“I cried tonight to think I cannot help my poor mother get the proper care and attention that she gets at home on a daily basis.”
A bed was found a short time after that for her mother, who had suffered from a fall and arrived there by ambulance.
Her elderly husband, who is his wife's full-time carer, remained by her side for the first night, as she lay there crying on a trolley, but eventually he had to leave, along with their daughter.
The woman told the Limerick Leader that she had a “horrendous experience” as she felt as if they were “continually pushed from pillar to post”.
As a family, she said they were faced with the question: ‘Is our mother, who has advanced Alzheimer's and other medical complications, safer at home than in A&E?'
“And that shouldn't be the case. She can't tell you if she's hungry or thirsty or needs to go to the bathroom, so if she's left on a trolley she will be forgotten about. What about people who don't have someone there fighting their corner for them?”
“She was among the most vulnerable people in A&E and yet they can't speak for themselves. It's cruel to leave a lady of that age on a trolley for such a long time.
“We pay our taxes and all we want is for our elderly patients to be treated with the dignity and respect that they deserve.
“This is through no fault of the medial professionals or the healthcare workers who are doing their very best. But to see them having to push trolleys up and down narrow corridors of a brand-new A&E was inexplicable,” she said.
A new €24 million emergency department was opened by UHL this May, but it has yet to ease the level of overcrowding, which continues to persist.
She said she received a response from the Taoiseach's office, saying her letter was redirected to the Minister for Health Simon Harris.
The level of overcrowding at University Hospital Limerick is the highest in the country to date this year, new figures reveal.
This Monday, 28 people were on trolleys or in wards in UHL – again the highest nationally – but down from a peak of 50 on one day last week.
The Irish Nurses and Midwives Organisation (INMO) confirmed that a record number of 57,674 patients were admitted for care were on trolleys in the first seven months of this year.
The figure for Limerick, with 4,782 patients on trolleys, was the highest in the country, followed respectively by Cork University Hospital, University Hospital Galway, the Mater Hospital in Dublin and South Tipperary General Hospital.
However, the figures show that nationally there was a six per cent reduction for the month of July in comparison to July 2016.
“The record levels of patients on trolleys, in the first seven months, is most alarming as we prepare for the autumn/winter period,” said Liam Doran, general secretary of the INMO.
“If our health service is to respond, appropriately, to both the emergency and planned admissions, additional bed capacity, and community nursing services, must be introduced.
“This will only be done when we solve the recruitment/retention crisis facing nursing and midwifery in Ireland. If we do not have additional nurses and midwives then we cannot expand our capacity and overcrowding levels will continue to grow”.
The Day of the Dead is a holiday observed in Mexico and other Latin American countries that celebrates and honours the memory of deceased loved ones. Falling on Nov. 1, just a day after Halloween celebrations, the holiday shares some of the sentiment of Halloween, but it is a very different occasion.
Where Halloween views the dead as spooky haunts, the day known locally as Dia de los Muertos remembers them as beloved citizens of the afterlife. Through the building of altars, lively fiestas, and offerings of the departed's favourite foods, Dia de los Muertos is a true celebration, shared between the living and the dead.
And while there are many ways to celebrate, here at The Culinary Institute of America we have a habit of focusing on the dinner table. Luckily, the rich cultures surrounding the day are a wealth of traditional recipes and ingredients. Day of the Dead bread and tamales are a good place to start, but we especially love the ritual involved in creating flavourful and traditional moles, as in CIA Chef Sofia Sada's recipe for Mole Poblano.
Today, Mexico has identified more than 50 different moles, but a mole is really whatever you want your sauce to be. Of course, this traditional Mole Poblano is the most well-known variety, and so it's a perfect representation of Mexico's culinary tradition.
If you're looking at the ingredient list and thinking, “Wow, that's a lot of ingredients,” you're right. This complex sauce is not something you can throw together quickly on a Wednesday night, but for a special occasion, it is well worth the effort. Luckily, the sauce can be made well ahead of time and frozen, which means any weeknight can be that special occasion.
Not all moles contain chocolate, but this recipe calls for Mexican chocolate, which is a unique ingredient that you can easily find at Latin American markets or from online retailers. Cacao, the large bean from which chocolate is produced, is native to Mexico, and chocolate has a long history in the many ancient cultures of the region. Today, Mexican chocolate is unique in that it contains cinnamon and other spices, and helps bring out the flavours of the mole.
You may not use dried chilies every day, but they offer a more intense flavour than their fresh counterparts. Just like the chocolate, they are abundant at markets if you know where to look, and they store well, so keep some on hand for experimenting. Dried chilies should be toasted and then soaked, to help break down the tough skin before cooking.
We could write a book (or 100) on the recipes and ingredients of Mexican cuisine, but in the interest of time, this recipe will have to suffice. And even if you don't celebrate Dia de los Muertos in the traditional way, this recipe is a labour of love that you can share with your beloved family, whether they are at your table or in your heart.
MOLE POBLANO
Servings: 8
Start to finish: 2 hours, 45 minutes (Active time: 2 hours)
1/4 cup lard or unsalted butter (1/2 stick)
4 mulato chiles, wiped clean, seeds and veins removed, seeds reserved
2 ancho chiles, wiped clean, seeds and veins removed, seeds reserved
3 pasilla chiles, wiped clean, seeds and veins removed, seeds reserved
2 chipotle chiles, wiped clean, seeds and veins removed, seeds reserved
2 Roma tomatoes, quartered
3 tomatillos, quartered
1/4 cup raisins
10 whole almonds
1/4 cup pumpkin seeds
1/4 cup sesame seeds
2 tablespoons peanuts
2 tablespoons pecans
1 stale corn tortilla
1/2 white onion, halved
2 garlic cloves, unpeeled
5 black peppercorns
1 whole clove
1 Mexican canela stick or cinnamon stick (about 1 inch)
1/4 teaspoon coriander seeds
1/4 teaspoon anise seeds
3 tablespoon canola oil
2 cups chicken broth
2 ounces Mexican chocolate, roughly chopped
1/4 cup sugar
Salt, to taste
Heat the lard in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the mulato chilies and fry until the chilies begin to blister and change colour, about 2 minutes on each side. Use tongs to transfer to a large heat-safe bowl. Repeat the process with the ancho, pasilla, and chipotle chilies. Fill the bowl with enough hot water to cover the chilies and set aside to soak for 15 minutes.
Drain the chilies and transfer to a blender. Blend, adding water as needed, until a smooth puree forms. Strain the mixture through a fine sieve and set aside.
In the same pot, add the tomatoes and tomatillos and fry until soft, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and set aside. Add the raisins and fry until plump, about 1 minute. Transfer to the bowl with the tomatoes. Repeat the process with the almonds, pumpkin seeds, sesame seeds, peanuts, pecans, tortilla, and reserved chili seeds. Set aside 1 tablespoon of the lard.
Meanwhile, in a dry skillet over medium-high heat, cook the onion and garlic until the papery skin of the garlic turns brown, about 3 minutes. Carefully remove the skin, then return to the skillet and cook until the vegetables are soft and blackened all over, about 4 minutes.
Add the reserved lard to a small skillet over low heat. Add the black pepper, cloves, canela, coriander, and anise seeds and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.
Transfer the reserved vegetables, seeds, tortilla, and spices to a blender and puree, adding water as needed, until smooth. Strain through a sieve and set aside.
Heat oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the reserved chili puree and cook until it deepens in colour and you can see the bottom of the pan when scraped with a wooden spoon, about 15 minutes. Add the strained vegetable and spice mixture. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mole thickens, about 45 minutes.
Add chicken broth and continue cooking until the mole coats the back of a spoon, about 30 minutes. Add the chocolate and continue cooking, about 30 minutes. Add 1/2 of the sugar, the remaining to your taste.
Season with salt, to taste.
Serve the mole over poached chicken or turkey, with warmed corn tortillas and toasted sesame seeds for garnish.
——
Nutrition information per serving: 274 calories; 164 calories from fat; 18 g fat (4 g saturated; 0 g trans fats); 5 mg cholesterol; 321 mg sodium; 25 g carbohydrate; 4 g fiber; 17 g sugar; 5 g protein.
——
This article was provided to The Associated Press by The Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park, New York.
Possible debris from a small plane that vanished last week after taking off for Ohio State University has been found washing ashore on Lake Erie near the airport where it took off, authorities said Sunday night.
Air traffic controllers lost contact with the Cessna Citation 525 shortly after it took off from Burke Lakefront Airport in Cleveland on Thursday night. Six people, three of them children, were aboard, returning to Columbus after having attended a Cleveland Cavaliers basketball game.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Search for Missing Plane Over Lake Erie Turns From Rescue to Recovery 1:09 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The unified command coordinating search operations by the Coast Guard and local fire and police crews said Sunday night that it had received multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of the airport. None of the reported has been verified as having come from the Cessna, it said.
Reminder that if you see debris call either 216-621-1234 or 216-781-6411 and report it. Do not handle the debris yourself. — City of Cleveland (@CityofCleveland) January 1, 2017
Cleveland police, who are leading the investigation, said they're investigating the contents of a bag that was recovered separately Sunday near Shoreby Club Harbor in Bratenahl.
Superior Beverage Group, an Ohio beverage company, identified those on as its president and chief executive, John T. Fleming; his wife, Sue; their sons Jack and Andrew; and two close friends.
The Federal Aviation Administration said the aircraft was kept in a hangar at Ohio State University. The passengers had no affiliation with the school, the Coast Guard said.
The search was declared a recovery effort, not a rescue, on Saturday. The search was suspended for the night and will resume Monday morning, authorities said.
Poker queen's private info compromised in break-in But Beth Shak defiantly told Page Six of whoever's been after her private info, “I will not be bullied.”
Poker queen and Fox News correspondent divorcing after less than a year Pro poker player Beth Shak filed for divorce from Fox News correspondent Rick Leventhal.
Beth Shak used to play strip poker with dates "Women are always at a disadvantage when playing strip poker because men wear more clothes," she said.
Poker queen and Fox News correspondent elope in Vegas The wedding took place at Graceland Wedding Chapel, where Shak slinked down the aisle in a white Versace dress and 6-inch gold platform YSL heels.
Pembroke Pines police arrested a 14-year-old student at Somerset Academy High charter school in West Broward on Tuesday after police say he threatened to shoot up the school if they didn't curve his score on a test he failed by one point. Miami Herald file / 2007
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","video_channel": "186","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1094973","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","video_channel": "186","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1094973","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
West Ham manager David Moyes admits his club are in a 'difficult position' after a 3-1 defeat at Brighton leaves them just three points above the relegation zone.
MATCH REPORT:
Watch highlights on Match of the Day, Saturday 3 February at 22:30 GMT on BBC One and the BBC Sport website & app.
New images released today of Queen Elizabeth's meeting with the Honorable George Brandis, the Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom revealed a secret: the Queen has a never-before-seen picture of her grandson Prince Harry and her new granddaughter-in-law Meghan Markle on display in Buckingham Palace.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
A closer look at the photo, which is front and center on a side table and was first pointed out by Hello Magazine, shows that Meghan is wearing a blue-gray fitted shift dress with short sleeves and Harry is sporting a blue suit. While we haven't seen Meghan publicly in this outfit before, the suit does resemble the one Harry wore in their official engagement photos.
That said, it's unclear it was taken as another potential portrait by photographer Alexi Lubomirski back in November or if it's a more recent snapshot.
While we were zoomed in, we took a look at what else the Queen keeps on her living room table. In case you, too, were wondering, the image behind the happy couple appears to be of William and Harry and one on the other table, in the light brown wood frame is a portrait of the Queen's close friend and third cousin Queen Margrethe of Denmark. The British monarch also keeps her handbag close by, as well a pair of glasses, multiple clocks, and various other dishes and small trinkets.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
While we don't have any details on this mystery photograph, Lubomirski recently opened up about taking the official wedding portrait of the newly named Duke and Duchess of Sussex. "It was just one of those magical moments, when you're a photographer and everything falls into place," he said in an interview with Reuters.
"The sun is setting right just over the top of Windsor Castle just behind them, it was just the most serene, beautiful light, they're in love, walking around this beautiful garden," he continued. "I said just before you go in, let's sit down on these stairs, and she just slumped in between his legs."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
As for what they were smiling about? "They were just laughing because they were joking about how they were exhausted and finally it was over."
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
3:38 We'll be there
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
FRESH food takeaway outlet Freshii has closed its Limerick branch – but a spokesperson for the chain has insisted it is likely to open elsewhere in the city.
Freshii opened in Thomas Street last May. It was the chain's ninth store in Ireland and it created ten full-and-part time jobs.
But the shop closed earlier this month, much to the dismay of a disappointed customer base.
“The location just wasn't quite working out for them, so they are looking at another location. Hopefully they will reopen soon,” the spokesperson said.
“It's just a case of trying to find the right spot. Thomas Street just wasn't quite working for them. We'd never want to close a store.
“It's disappointing it didn't work out there, but the local partners are looking for something new,” the spokesperson added.
Dave O'Donoghue, CEO Freshii Ireland, had said in May last year that the company was "really excited about opening in Limerick" and said Freshii was "well on track to open between 40-50 stores across Ireland within five years".
HOUSTON - Law enforcement have identified an Oklahoma man they say is responsible for several streaker incidents in north Houston.
He's Steven Dale Brazeal, according to a post on the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office Facebook page.
More Headlines
Brazeal, 56, is wanted by the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office, Shenandoah Police Department and Oak Ridge Police Department for indecent exposure, authorities say.
Authorities say Brazeal is a lifetime registered sex offender in Oklahoma, and that he has a history of indecent exposure from Oklahoma.
Brazeal was arrested on May 23, 2018, for failure to register as a sex offender by the Tulsa Police Department, but was able to bond out, according to authorities.
Three warrants have been issued for Brazeal's arrest for indecent exposure. The Tulsa Police Department is assisting the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office in locating Brazeal.
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Brazeal is asked to contact the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office at 936-760-5800 or the Tulsa Oklahoma Police Department at 918-596-9328.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Image copyright Google Image caption The attack took place at the entrance to Mablethorpe Caravan and Chalet Park, late on Monday
A taxi driver has been attacked with a baseball bat by masked assailants at a seaside caravan park.
Lincolnshire Police said the attack took place at the entrance to Mablethorpe Caravan and Chalet Park late on Monday.
The taxi had its windows smashed before the driver was attacked with a weapon - believed to be a baseball bat.
The driver suffered bruising, swelling and cuts to his head before his attackers ran off.
Officers are appealing for information.
More from Lincolnshire
The Parliamentary Committee on Foreign Affairs has centred its latest debate on recent developments regarding Turkey`s illegal actions in the Cypriot EEZ, amidst mounting pressure from Turkey over the Republic of Cyprus' hydrocarbons programme.
The Chairman of the European Parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee, David McAllister, the European External Action Service (EEAS) High Representative, Angelina Eichhorst, as well as the Permanent Representative of Cyprus to the European Union, Nikos Aimiliou, unanimously criticized Ankara's unaltered stance regarding Cyprus' EEZ.
At the very beginning of the discussion, McAllister contemned Turkey's aggressive attitude, since the country is continuously escalating tensions in the Eastern Mediterranean by prohibiting the Republic of Cyprus from exercising its sovereign right to explore its natural resources.
The Permanent Representative of the Republic of Cyprus to the EU, Nikos Aimiliou, speaking on behalf of the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Nicos Christodoulides, insisted on the setting and accomplishment of Cyprus' energy policy goals for the future, aiming at extending the benefits to the whole EU region.
Aimiliou also pointed out that “Cyprus has no secret agenda”, explaining that “the Cypriot side is working hard in order to craft an ideal cooperation model among Cyprus and the neighbour countries of Lebanon, Egypt and Israel.
The Permanent Representative of the Republic of Cyprus to the EU additionally discussed Turkey's illegal actions in the Cypriot EEZ, pointing out that such developments undermine Turkey's potential candidacy for membership by the EU.
At the same time, he placed the emphasis on President Anastasiades' strong commitment, stressing that the revenue from hydrocarbon exploitation will be deposited for the benefit of all Cypriots and that a special fund legislation awaits approval in the House of Representatives.
Ghanaian arrested in Canada for selling packaged rice as iPhone
A Canadian man of Ghanaian origin has been arrested for allegedly defrauding two clients by selling packaged rice to them as an iPhone. According to reports that Andrew Boateng Gyimah was arrested in Toronto, Canada, after he was reported to the police by two of his victims. According to Canadian authorities, Andrew met up with […]
The post Ghanaian arrested in Canada for selling packaged rice as iPhone appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Andy Barratt of Ford UK says lack of clarity has caused job losses
Uncertainty about the future of diesel is threatening the UK car industry and leaving drivers in limbo, according to Ford's UK boss.
Andy Barratt said consumers were buying fewer diesel cars, fearing they were polluting and will face new taxes.
However, he claimed new diesels were "every bit as clean" as petrol cars.
Government and industry must do more to reassure consumers, Mr Barratt warned, given there had already been job cuts as diesel sales slide.
Diesel is vital to the UK industry as it makes almost a million diesel engines a year, most of which are exported.
"There has been a lot of chaos in the signalling and in the messaging around diesel and there have been job losses," Mr Barratt said. "The poor motorist just doesn't know what to do - we need to clarify where diesel works and where it doesn't."
Are diesels cars always the biggest health hazard?
Diesel cars: Your questions answered
While some diesel engines produce fewer CO2 emissions than their petrol equivalents, many experts say petrol remains the cleaner option.
Diesel cars emit nitrogen oxide, a significant contributor to pollution in cities that can cause respiratory diseases.
Diesel car sales fell by 37% this March compared with last year, according to figures from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) and further falls are forecast for 2018.
Consumer confidence has been hit as politicians became more focused on air quality, and potential customers are worried about new regulations and taxes.
Mr Barratt said the car industry needed to "step up" and offer a clearer message to reassure drivers, but that the government should do more as well.
"Fortunately our Dagenham plant has increased production based around exports and the demand for commercial vehicles that we have," he said. "But there is no doubt there is a real crisis of confidence among consumers."
In December, the SMMT said falling business and consumer confidence was "being exacerbated by ongoing anti-diesel messages from government".
"Diesel remains the right choice for many drivers, not least because of its fuel economy and lower CO2 emissions," boss Mike Hawes said.
This month both Jaguar Land Rover and Nissan have announced job cuts at UK plants because of falling diesel sales.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:02 Parts of Haiti left in ruins, says UN humanitarian coordinator
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
3:42 Impaired driver caught on Sarasota sheriff helicopter camera
1:10 Breast cancer patient says TSA 'humiliated' her at security checkpoint
0:55 Tennessee resident who fled wildfire: "It was like a picture of H-E-L-L."
CAIRO — Madiha Yousri, an Egyptian actress known for her iconic film roles, has died. She was 97.
The state MENA news agency says Yousri suffered age-related health problems and died late on Tuesday.
Hundreds of mourners, including prominent film figures, attended Yousri's funeral, which was held Wednesday at a historic mosque in Cairo's Sayedah Nafeesa district.
Prime Minister Sherif Ismail mourned Yousri's passing and offered his condolences.
Yousri had more than 90 films to her name, dating back to the 1940s. She also starred in musicals featuring iconic Egyptian singers of the 20th century: Mohamed Abdel-Wahab, Abdel-Halim Hafez, Farid Al-Atrash and Mohamed Fawzy.
Born in 1921, Yousri was married three times. Two of her marriages were to film stars Mohamed Amin and Fawzy, with whom she co-starred in several movies.
Italy head coach Giampiero Ventura has refused to rule out resigning if his side lose to Macedonia at the Stadio Olimpico Grande Torino on Friday.
The Azzurri need just a point from their final two Group G games to claim second place, with Spain's iron grip on top spot unlikely to be loosened.
Italy travels to Albania on Monday for their final group game, but Ventura remained tight-lipped about whether he would be in charge if his side were to suffer a shock defeat to the Macedonians.
At his pre-match press conference, he said: "Will I resign if we lose to Macedonia? We're already playing for the playoffs. Maybe no-one knows, but that's how it is."
Ventura has demanded "desire and enthusiasm" from his side ahead of the double header to put them in the healthiest position possible for the play-offs, which take place in November.
"Team and formation? Beyond those things, I'm interested in desire and enthusiasm," he added.
"The players have always made themselves available and got involved. We've already picked up 18 points, but we have to do more and pick up at least two more to have a good position in the playoffs.
"This week was one of the best in terms of preparation. This is a very good group from a technical point of view, but also in terms of character."
Ordinance amendment intended to avoid open meeting violations
BY KEVIN BONESKE
REPORTER/PHOTOGRAPHER
To prevent possible open meeting violations related to having too vague of a meeting agenda, Oneida County's Administration and Labor Relations/Employee Services committees recommended an ordinance amendment Monday for consideration by the full County Board.
“Our current county code talks about agendas for County Board meetings and includes some language that's not appropriate,” said County Board chairman Dave Hintz. “I believe it includes like ‘unfinished business'…which we all know those sorts of terms – unfinished business – are just too broad to give the public an idea of what will be discussed. To avoid that, we'd like to amend the county code to be updated to put the agendas at the responsibility really of the chairperson to develop.”
The language in the ordinance amendment calls for the order of business to be at the discretion of the County Board chairperson and removes 12 items previously required, which have included: call to order; roll call; announcements by the chair, correspondence and communication; accept minutes of previous county board meeting(s); reports; unfinished business; public comment; consent agenda; consideration of resolutions and ordinances; other business; next meeting date and time; and adjournment.
“The committee chairs are responsible for their agendas,” said committee member Ted Cushing. “The board chair is responsible for the board agenda. I think it's a good way to do it. And if you screw up, guess what? (A fine of) $25.”
Committee member Robb Jensen spoke in favor of having a “general template” for putting together a meeting agenda.
“There can be a general template for County Board meetings, of which if we don't have any reports, you don't include them,” Jensen said. “But here's the format that needs to be followed…. I still think we need to work on building a template for committees of jurisdiction.”
“And I agree and we're doing that, so that's appropriate,” Hintz said in response. “This takes away the details of the meeting and puts it at the discretion of the chair.
“I think some of these things, maybe when they were added were not, to use a strong word, illegal or inappropriate. As laws change, they became inappropriate. They may have even been inappropriate when this resolution, ordinance was originally passed.”
Committee member Bob Mott suggested removing parts of the required order of business found to be inappropriate and add the template favored by Jensen.
County corporation counsel Brian Desmond said the county could create a policy outside of the ordinance to provide direction for putting together an agenda.
Grantham Hospital's A&E department is unlikely to be restored to a 24 hour service following a review of staffing levels at the trust which runs it.
United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust (ULHT) is being urged by ‘independent' experts to consider the department becoming an Urgent Care Centre instead. ULHT will consider the unit's fate on Friday.
Dr Neill Hepburn, medical director of United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust.
This latest twist follows health bosses deciding to restore 24-hour A&E services last month after a staff recruitment campaign.
The overnight service was withdrawn from the centre in Manthorpe Road due to staff shortages in 2016.
ULHT bosses recently backed a return to a 24-hour service pending the review of staffing levels.
But a report by the Independent Clinical Senate says: “The unanimous view of the panel was that it was not in the interests of short-term or longer term patient safety to re-open the Emergency Department on Grantham Hospital Site on a 24/7 basis at this time.
“It was also the unanimous view that any changes to service provision on the Grantham site should, if at all possible, be linked to longer term plans for urgent and emergency care across the Trust and these plans should be developed with appropriate stakeholders and public consultation as soon as possible.”
At present, the department opens daily 8am to 6.30pm, with campaigners seeking to restore a 24-hour service also fearing for the future of hospital services.
Medical Director at ULHT, Dr Neill Hepburn, confirmed the review had taken place and said it recognised the volatility of staff numbers due to the trust's extensive use of short-term agency doctors.
“Whilst they commended our innovative approach to recruitment and the great strides we have made in attracting additional doctors, they have recommended that it would not be safe to re-open the department overnight at present.
“The quality and safety of care is always our top priority, and so our board will consider the full range of recommendations made by the Clinical Senate to ensure that we do the best for our patients.
“We understand this is a frustrating time for our staff and patients in the Grantham area, and we do remain committed to Grantham hospital, but we will only provide services that are safe.”
Jeff Worrall, Delivery and Improvement Director at NHS Improvement, said: “We commissioned this report to ensure that any decision made by the Trust is grounded in expert views on patient safety, which remains our top priority in terms of Lincolnshire's A&E services. We are confident that the Trust's leadership are now in a stronger position to make an informed decision in the best interest of patients.
“We will continue to work closely with the Trust, commissioners and other key partners to progress a new model of urgent care for the county, as recommended in the clinical senate report.”
John Turner, Accountable Officer, South and South West Lincolnshire clinical commissioning Groups, and senior responsible officer for Lincolnshire STP, said: “We are working with all of our partners to implement the senate's recommendations. We are also continuing to develop options for the future of A&E services, and are fully committed to consulting with the public about this as early as possible in the New Year.”
Local councillors and campaigners have voiced their anger and disappointment at this latest development.
I said this would happen from the start so I am not at all surprised. They do not want to reopen Grantham and they seem to spending more time and effort in trying to downgrade the service than actually save it which is disgraceful considering people's lives are at risk here. Every minute that A&E is shut is a potential life lost in our community.
“The clinical Senate for Lincolnshire was originally East Midlands and they were aware of the geographical issues that come with providing healthcare in rural Lincolnshire. It is essential that we have three fully functioning A&Es in this county. Without three - lives will be lost. The fact that the east of England Senate is in a completely different area of the country is extremely concerning, they do not understand the impact that the closure has had on our community and the ULHT have consistently been conservative with the truth about the true impact since their decision to close overnight!
“Yet again we will be left with no emergency healthcare over Christmas during the night and as a single mother of 3 children, who does not drive, this terrifies the life out of me.
“The clinical Senate recommendations seem to suggest that to Grantham should be nothing more than an urgent care centre, as did the response from the IRP - is it just me or has every organisation got it in for Grantham A&E?
“Grantham will most likely be downgraded to an “Urgent Treatment Centre” (to fit in line with the national changes mentioned in the report) by the end of next year if we do not stand up and fight this head on.”
Ward councillor Ray Wootten, who has campaigned for a return to a full 24 hour A&E service, said: “I am angry and disappointed that the goal posts have been moved since the overnight closure started in August 2016. Once again the voice of local representatives, campaign groups and the residents of South Kesteven have been ignored. To expect the trust to recruit 38 middle grade doctors from the target of 21 seems an impossible task and I believe in my heart that it will not be achieved.”
Grantham district and county councillor Linda Wootten said: “Grantham Hospital is considered the lowest denominator within ULHT, an easy target therefore they took our staff away with no public consultation. No doubt the chief executive genuinely wanted to pacify us all by saying he wanted the A&E opened as soon as possible but, the cynic in me always felt in my heart, it wouldn't happen!”
“It's a disgrace that so many are not listened to. Our nearest A&E is over 25 miles away and combined with limited ambulances, people could die.
“Grantham Hospital is a clean efficient and well run hospital an example to many and, I'm saddened by this latest decision.”
Charmaine Morgan, chair of SOS Grantham Hospital, said: “Given the evidence that has been presented to the ULHT board from campaigners when their own hospital records clearly show patients needing critical care are attending Grantham A&E 24 hours a day. Therefore any decision which means these patients will not get the treatment they need puts them at life-threatening risk.
“We know there are issues outside the control of ULHT regarding funding and staffing. However, it's unacceptable if they continue the night closure because they have, in effect, backed moves by this government to downgrade the A&E network. We would expect ULHT to be prepared to stand up for the people they are serving and reopen our A&E unit.”
Campaigner Jody Clark, of Fighting 4 Grantham Hospital, told the Journal: “Our whole community of Grantham and District have stood together to fight for the return of our overnight A&E, since it started on August 17 2016.
We were told it was temporary and that when United Lincolnshire Hospitals Trust had recruited enough doctors (21 middle grades - that's 10 more than when we closed) we would have our services reinstated as it was.
“We have gone to great lengths to show the opposition from our community and all affected services (EMAS, LIVES, Lincolnshire Police, Military, businesses and supporting hospitals). We need our joint concerns heard and acted upon as originally agreed.
“At the November Board meeting, the trust unanimously agreed to reopen our overnight service as they had reached 22 middle grades. This should not have changed!
“We pay the same contributions as everyone else and do not deserve a postcode lottery in healthcare!
“Our large rural county needs the three A&E departments we have and already many have to travel far for emergency care. It makes no sense to reduce our vital services.
“Fighting 4 Grantham Hospital will be at the next board meeting as we have been present at nearly all this year and will be pushing for a minimum extension of hours so our residents can access local services for longer. The fight is not over.”
Recording Academy President Neil Portnow is facing criticism for his comments after the 60th annual Grammy Awards ended with only two female winners on stage and lingering questions about the choice of performers.
Following the awards show Sunday, many music fans and critics questioned whether the Time's Up movement was just given lip service when the only woman nominated for album of the year, Lorde, didn't perform. Instead, multiple minutes on the telecast was given to male artists who weren't nominated, such as Sting and the band U2.
While the red carpet was filled with artists sporting white roses to symbolize support of gender equality, backstage after the show wrapped Portnow was questioned about Lorde's absence from the stage, as well as the fact that only two women were shown on TV accepting awards.
"It has to begin with women who have the creativity in their hearts and their souls, who want to be musicians, who want to be engineers, who want to be producers, who want to be part of the industry on an executive level, to step up," Portnow said backstage after the show. "Because I think they would be welcome. I don't have personal experience of this kind of brick walls that you face. It's us as an industry making a welcome mat very obvious — creating mentorships, creating opportunities for all people who want to be creative, and, really, paying it forward, and creating that next generation of artists who feel like they can do anything, say anything."
Criticism for Portnow's comments was swift. Grammy-winning singer Sheryl Crow tweeted Monday: "I wish the #Grammys would return to female/male categories. Who will young girls be inspired by to pick up a guitar and rock when most every category is filled with men? I'm not sure it is about women needing to "step up", (as said by the male in charge). #GrammysSoMale"
Actress Debra Messing joined in the criticism, writing on Twitter: "This is incredibly dismaying to say the least" in regards to Portnow's comments.
The Recording Academy did not immediately return an email seeking comment Monday.
There were no women nominated in the record of the year category and the only male to be nominated in the best pop solo performance, Ed Sheeran, won. Alessia Cara won the best new artist and Rihanna also got to take the stage when she and Kendrick Lamar won best rap/sung performance for "LOYALTY."
As for why Lorde didn't get to perform solo, Portnow said, "We have a wealth of riches every year and it's hard to have a balanced show and have everybody involved. Every year's different. We can't have a performance from every nominee. We have over 80 categories. And so we have to realize that we've got to create something that has balance and so on and so forth, and what you saw was our best judgment on how to do that."
As for Lorde, she seemed to address the controversy when she tweeted Monday morning, "If you're debating whether or not I can murder a stage... come see it for urself."
___
For full coverage of awards season, visit: https://apnews.com/tag/AwardsSeason
Image copyright Police Scotland Image caption Kenny Reilly was a passenger in a BMW when he was shot at traffic lights in Glasgow
Police investigating the fatal shooting of a man are appealing for any dash cam footage to help them catch the killer.
Kenneth Reilly was shot in the head while sitting in a car at traffic lights in Ruchill, Glasgow, on 16 April. He later died in hospital.
Officers stopped 600 cars and interviewed more than 100 people as part of the investigation.
They are now asking for footage from dashboard cameras which may have picked up any important evidence.
Mr Reilly, 29. was sitting in the passenger seat of a silver BMW on Bilsland Drive at around 22.25 when he was shot.
Image caption Parts of Maryhill Road and Bisland Drive were cordoned off after the shooting
One week on, a major stop and interview operation took place in the area.
Det Supt Kenny Graham urged anyone with dash cam footage to contact police, saying: "It's possible their footage may have captured something which will assist us in piecing together exactly what has happened.
"It doesn't necessarily have to be on the day of the crime, and we would ask you to provide us with any footage you may have for that area."
It is understood the gunman, who was wearing a black balaclava, got out of a dark vehicle and fired a number of shots before fleeing the scene.
Police said a black people carrier was found later burnt out at Craigieburn Gardens, Maryhill.
Detectives believe the shooting is connected to a local feud.
DETROIT — A judge on Wednesday sentenced a Volkswagen senior manager to seven years in prison for covering up a scheme to evade pollution limits on U.S. diesel vehicles, calling it an astonishing fraud on American consumers.
Oliver Schmidt, who is the second person to be sent to prison over the scandal, was dispatched to the U.S. from Germany in 2015 to meet with suspicious California regulators. But he didn't disclose rogue software that had long fooled authorities into believing that VW was meeting emissions rules on nearly 600,000 vehicles. He also misled American investigators and destroyed documents.
“ I made bad decisions and for that I am sorry”
"I'm sure, based upon common sense, that you viewed this cover-up as an opportunity to shine — to climb the corporate ladder at VW," U.S. District Judge Sean Cox said. "Your goal was to impress senior management."
The judge called Schmidt, who had led VW's engineering and environmental office in Michigan for three years, a "key conspirator" in the deception.
"Without trust in corporate America," Cox said, "the economy can't function."
The diesel vehicles were programmed to trigger certain pollution results only during testing, not during regular road use. The plan was hatched in 2006, and the vehicles were marketed as "clean diesel." Justice Department prosecutor Ben Singer called it the "height of irony."
Oliver Schmidt Joe Wilssens / EPA file
Schmidt, 48, was arrested in Miami in January while trying to return to Germany after a vacation. He's been in custody without bond.
"For the disruption of my life, I only have to blame myself. ... I accept the responsibility for the wrong I committed," Schmidt told the judge. "I made bad decisions and for that I am sorry."
Schmidt was charged with 11 felony counts and federal prosecutors said he could have faced a maximum of up to 169 years in prison. As part of his guilty plea, prosecutors agreed to drop most of the counts and Schmidt consented to be deported at the end of his prison sentence.
Related: So where exactly will we charge all these electric cars?
Engineer James Liang cooperated with the FBI and was sentenced to 40 months in prison last summer. Six others at VW or Audi were charged, but they are in Germany and out of reach of U.S. authorities. Among them is Heinz-Jakob Neusser, who was described as Schmidt's boss. He was head of engine development and, later, VW brand development.
VW pleaded guilty as a corporation in March and agreed to pay $4.3 billion in civil and criminal penalties on top of billions more to buy back cars.
Volkswagen rebounded from the scandal during the past year. Chief Executive Matthias Mueller last month predicted record deliveries of vehicles for the company this year.
Image copyright PA Image caption Together, GMB and Unite represent about half the workers at the plant
Thousands of workers at the Sellafield nuclear reprocessing plant are voting on whether to take industrial action.
The Unite and GMB unions, which together represent half of the waste facility's 10,000 staff, have described a pay offer of 1.5% as "completely unacceptable".
Sellafield Ltd said the award was "fair, reasonable, and affordable", and had been accepted by another union.
The ballot has now opened and the result will be announced in September.
Chris Jukes of the GMB said: "Pay at Sellafield for all but the top brass has failed to keep pace with inflation in recent years ... at the same time, Sellafield management have chipped away relentlessly at terms and conditions.
"In the circumstances, we now have no alternative but to ask our members if they are willing to take strike action in order to achieve a pay offer in line with inflation."
A Sellafield spokesman said: "We've offered our workforce an unconditional 1.5% increase this year - which is an increase to our wage bill of over £12m year-on-year.
"Like all publicly funded organisations we have to control costs and insure we are delivering value for money for the tax payer, so we're implementing a pay award which we feel is fair, reasonable and, most importantly, affordable."
WASHINGTON: Prince Khalid bin Salman, the Saudi ambassador to the US, said on Monday that Iran wants to form another Hezbollah in Yemen through its support of Houthi militia.He told CNN that Iran wants to destabilize Saudi Arabia, and that it poses a threat to the entire region and international security.“Here's what happening in Yemen: (Iran is trying to create) another Hezbollah in Yemen, which will not just threaten our security and Yemeni security, but also regional security.”“We've been focusing on the weapon of mass destruction, the WMD. What we should really be focusing on is the MD, the mass destruction that Iran is committing in the region.”He stressed to CNN that Tehran was stirring unrest, and said the so-called “nuclear deal” between Iran and Western powers needs “to be fixed.”In the interview, the ambassador was asked about the changes going on in Saudi Arabia and he pointed to Saudi Vision 2030, a long-term strategy toward "fascinating change and transformation.""We want to reform our economy, we want to modernize our society, we want to empower our youth, including women," he said."On the women issues, currently in Saudi Arabia, we have more percentage of women in the Shoura Council, equivalent to Congress. In municipal elections, women are allowed to run and vote, and they have run, they have voted and won seats. Women are allowed to drive, and the biggest stock market in the Middle East and Africa, the Saudi stock market, is headed by women," he said.The ambassador was speaking as Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman begins a multi-city trip to the US, where he is due to meet President Donald Trump on Tuesday.Crown Prince Mohammed is also due to meet with Vice President Mike Pence, administration officials and religious leaders in the US.He will meet financiers and think tank chiefs in New York, entertainment executives and technology entrepreneurs in San Francisco and Los Angeles, and key figures of the energy industry in Houston.
The government has said a temporary customs union could be put in place at the UK's borders after Brexit.
Brexit Secretary David Davis will ask for an interim period as part of the negotiations with Brussels.
A series of papers is being published this week.
On Wednesday, the UK government will set out its ideas for the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Slowly detail is emerging of what life could be like after Brexit.
Image copyright PA Image caption The operation of the Irish border is one of the most sensitive Brexit issues
Three ideas are mooted.
One proposal suggests a customs arrangement in which the UK would manage a new customs border with the EU.
Another proposes a new partnership with the EU, which would negate the need for a customs border.
The other suggestion is a temporary customs union.
That would allow the UK to develop procedures and put in place appropriate technology and also give businesses more time to adjust.
A third round of negotiations is due to take place in Brussels at the end of the month.
Image copyright PA Image caption Philip Hammond (left) and Liam Fox (right) wrote a joint article on a transitional Brexit strategy
Earlier this week, the chancellor and the international trade secretary said the UK definitely would leave both the customs union and the single market when it exits the EU in March 2019.
In a joint Sunday Telegraph article, Philip Hammond and Liam Fox said a "time-limited" transition period would "further our national interest and give business greater certainty" - but warned it would not stop Brexit.
Earlier this month, Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar called for "unique solutions" to preserve the relationship between the UK and the European Union after Brexit.
On his first official visit to Northern Ireland, he raised the possibility of a bilateral UK-EU customs union.
The taoiseach described Brexit as "the challenge of this generation".
In response, the UK government said it wanted a special partnership with the EU, including an "ambitious free trade agreement and a customs agreement".
When the Patriots won in 2002, some things were set on fire in the normally quiet downtown of Durham, New Hampshire. Local authorities are hoping to prevent that sort of destruction Sunday night. (Source: WMUR/CNN)
DURHAM, NH (WMUR/CNN) – Downtown Durham is normally fairly quiet, but after Sunday night's Super Bowl game, it could be packed with as many as 5,000 University of New Hampshire students and their friends.
“I think everyone's going to be doing the same thing…shattering things like last time,” said UNH senior Julie Mullaney.
When the Patriots won in 2002, some things were set on fire. And in 2013, after the World Series, bottles were thrown.
But police say those extremes are rare, and that most crowds have been responsible and cooperative.
And state, town and university police hope to keep it that way.
"We think we've got a plan down...to disperse,” said Deputy Chief Rene Kelley of the Durham Police Department.
Downtown businesses are being asked to take in signs and furniture so they aren't wrecked or thrown.
Apartment managers and dorm resident assistants were also asked to reach out to students about appropriate behavior.
Copyright 2018 WMUR via CNN. All rights reserved.
Have your say
Asda and Lidl have recalled a range of pastry products over fears they may contain glass fragments.
The Food Standards Agency issued a safety notice over the weekend about several baked goods.
They include steak slices, chicken and mushroom slices, minced beef and onion slices, cheese and onion pasties, chicken and bacon slices, chicken tikka slices and sausage and bean slices.
They are all manufactured by Peter's Food Service and sold under the Peter's brand, as well as Lidl's Chef Select and Asda brands .
The Food Standards Agency notice said: “If you have bought any of the above products do not eat them.
"Instead, return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund.
”No other Peter's Food Service Ltd batches or products are known to be affected."
The full list of affected products:
Asda 2 Peppered Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 19 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Asda 2 Peppered Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Asda 2 Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 19 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Asda 2 Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Lidl Chef Select 2 Chicken and Mushroom Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Lidl Chef Select 2 Minced Beef and Onion Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Peter's Deli Cheese and Onion Pasty
Pack size: 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Peter's Cheese and Onion Pasty
Pack size: 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Peter's Premier Chicken and Bacon Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 21 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Peter's Premier Chicken Tikka Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Peter's Premier Chicken Tikka Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 21 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Peter's Premier Sausage and Bean Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Peter's Premier Steak Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
By JOHN MARSHALLAP Basketball Writer
Top high school prospect Marvin Bagley III has committed to Duke and is eligible to play in the 2017-18 season, immediately making the Blue Devils a top national-title contender.
Bagley made his announcement on ESPN's SportsCenter on Monday night.
The 6-foot-11 Bagley is widely considered the top recruit of the 2018 recruiting class, but last month petitioned the NCAA to reclassify and become college eligible for the upcoming season.
Bagley went on campus visits in July to Duke and USC, with UCLA also in the mix.
Bagley started his high school career at Tempe Corona del Sol High School and ended up at Southern California's Chatsworth Sierra Canyon High School.
The long, athletic big man will likely be in the mix to be the No. 1 overall pick in the NBA draft whenever he decides to leave college.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – A Cleveland man was arrested in Warren after a report that he left a dog in a cage, locked in the back of a pickup truck.
On Tuesday afternoon, police and an animal control officer were called to the Lowe's store on Niles Cortland Road to investigate.
A witness said she confronted 61-year-old James Corbett, Jr. about the dog's condition, and she told police that Corbett yelled at her. She said the dog had been in direct sunlight for about 30 minutes with no water or shelter, according to a police report.
Police said the temperature was about 93 degrees at the time.
The dog was chained to the cage with a leash that was about 1.5 feet long, according to the report.
While officers were speaking with the woman, Corbett came out of the store. Police said he became irate when questioned, screaming at witnesses. He then threatened a police sergeant to do something about the incident, the report said.
Corbett was arrested and charged with animal cruelty and disorderly conduct. Corbett told officers to take the dog and said he wouldn't pick it up, according to police.
Corbett told officers to take the dog and said he wouldn't pick it up, according to police.
After his arrest, police said Corbett also asked an officer if he could roll down the windows of the police cruiser because of the heat.
He was later released on a summons to appear in court on Wednesday. He pleaded not guilty and is set to appear again in Warren Municipal Court at 1:30 p.m. July 6.
Image copyright Manchester Evening News Image caption William Brent Taylor collapsed in a Manchester Airport car park
Two men arrested following the death of a taxi driver at Manchester Airport have been cautioned for threatening behaviour.
William Brent Taylor, 57, collapsed in the Terminal 2 airport car park on 6 April, and later died in hospital.
The two men, aged 26 and 55, were originally arrested on suspicion of manslaughter following reports of an assault.
However, a post-mortem examination found no signs of assault, police said.
An inquest into Mr Taylor's death will take place at a later date.
MANILA, Philippines — Philippine officials say a Filipino doctor linked to planned terror attacks in the United States was arrested earlier this year for alleged involvement in kidnappings and beheadings blamed on pro-Islamic State group militants
Chief State Counsel Ricardo Paras said Saturday that the U.S. government has requested Russel Salic to be extradited to face terrorism financing charges. The request is pending in a Manila court.
Paras said the department of justice will decide whether to let Salic face criminal complaints first in the Philippines or be allowed to be flown to the U.S. to answer terrorism allegations there.
U.S. prosecutors said Friday that Salic was part of a disrupted 2016 plot to carry out terror attacks in New York City.
This segment of today's Trending Topics should begin and end with this one sentence: LeToya Luckett got married over the weekend. Period.
Instead, since it IS about Luckett one can't help but wonder if there was a sighting of her fellow original member of Destiny's Child, Beyonce, at the ceremony?
Related: Why Marriage Isn't In LeToya Luckett's Immediate Destiny, After All
And since other members of one of the best-selling female groups of all time (LaTavia Roberson, Michelle Williams) WERE in attendance, a second question: Was Beyonce even invited?
Finally, while we're here asking questions out loud – Big Tigger added that Tank performed. Did he dare do that “When We…” song?!
But we digress – CONGRATULATIONS Mrs. Walker!
Image copyright Google Image caption The incident happened on Africanda Road on Friday night
Police in Gretna are trying to trace a man and a woman who tried to entice a teenager into their car.
The 15-year-old girl was walking along Africanda Road near its junction with Annan Road on Friday between 21:45 and 22:08.
A dark car stopped in front of her and the pair are alleged to have told the girl to get into the vehicle.
She did not know the occupants of the car and she ran off and reported the incident to her parents.
PC Michael Anderson said: "We are keen to identify the vehicle involved, speak to the occupants and establish why they spoke to this teenage girl.
"We believe the vehicle was driven by a male and a female was front seat passenger.
"We have been carrying out door to door inquires and checking CCTV in the area however if anyone believes they may know the identity of the occupants I would ask they contact police at Gretna on the 101 number."
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) – Richmond officials have paid more than $138,000 to the Washington Redskins for the privilege of hosting the NFL team's training camp this year.The annual payment by the Richmond Economic Development Authority is on top of the $11 million that the authority and the city spent to build the team's training facility.The team requires Richmond to contribute $500,000 a year to defray some of the costs associated with practicing about 115 miles south of the Redskins' regular facility in Ashburn. Richmond officials hoped the contribution to be covered by sponsorships and other services including meals and transportation.The payment is lower than in past years, and officials with the authority tell The Richmond Times-Dispatch that they hope to continue reducing the amount they have to give the team.
The gym where the infamous Conor McGregor works out in Dublin is opening a branch in Kildare.
Straight Blast Gym – owned by McGregor's coach John Kavanagh – is opening an affiliate in Toughers Business Park, Naas.
Work has begun on the new gym
The ‘beginner's' gym is Ireland's first full time Martial Arts facility.
It caters for all those wishing to train in martial arts from kids as young as 4 to those in their 60's.
Work has begun on the site, but no official opening date has been given yet.
The gym will open in between Fair Deal Tyres and Kellihers's Electrical.
Keep an eye on SBG Naas on Facebook.
Video
A woman from Surrey says she was horrified to find out that three "Do Not Attempt Resuscitation" (DNAR) forms were put on her medical records, despite the fact she had never been spoken to about the decision.
Carol Hall was in Frimley Park Hospital last summer with a serious lung condition when her husband found the forms.
Resuscitation has risks and doctors don't have to attempt it if they think it will be unsuccessful, but they have a duty to consult patients.
Frimley Park Hospital says it cannot comment on this particular case, but they have been reviewing their DNAR forms to ensure they are as clear as possible for patients and clinicians.
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe won a significant victory today in its fight to protect the Tribe's drinking water and ancestral lands from the Dakota Access pipeline.
A federal judge ruled that the federal permits authorizing the pipeline to cross the Missouri River just upstream of the Standing Rock reservation, which were hastily issued by the Trump administration just days after the inauguration, violated the law in certain critical respects.
In a 91-page decision, Judge James Boasberg wrote, “the Court agrees that [the Corps] did not adequately consider the impacts of an oil spill on fishing rights, hunting rights, or environmental justice, or the degree to which the pipeline's effects are likely to be highly controversial.” The Court did not determine whether pipeline operations should be shut off and has requested additional briefing on the subject and a status conference next week.
“This is a major victory for the Tribe and we commend the courts for upholding the law and doing the right thing,” said Standing Rock Sioux Chairman Dave Archambault II in a recent statement. “The previous administration painstakingly considered the impacts of this pipeline, and President Trump hastily dismissed these careful environmental considerations in favor of political and personal interests. We applaud the courts for protecting our laws and regulations from undue political influence and will ask the Court to shut down pipeline operations immediately.”
The Tribe's inspiring and courageous fight has attracted international attention and drawn the support of hundreds of tribes around the nation.
The Tribe is represented by the nonprofit environmental law firm Earthjustice, which filed a lawsuit challenging the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for issuing a permit for the pipeline construction in violation of several environmental laws.
“This decision marks an important turning point. Until now, the rights of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe have been disregarded by the builders of the Dakota Access Pipeline and the Trump administration—prompting a well-deserved global outcry,” said Earthjustice attorney Jan Hasselman. “The federal courts have stepped in where our political systems have failed to protect the rights of Native communities.”
The Court ruled against the Tribe on several other issues, finding that the reversal allowing the pipeline complied with the law in some respects.
The $3.8 billion pipeline project, also known as Bakken Oil Pipeline, extends 1,168 miles across North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa, and Illinois, crossing through communities, farms, tribal land, sensitive natural areas and wildlife habitat. The pipeline would carry up to 570,000 barrels a day of crude oil from the Bakken oil fields in North Dakota to Illinois where it links with another pipeline that will transport the oil to terminals and refineries along the Gulf of Mexico.
The Scottish government has announced "urgent" action to help bakers and shortbread makers in the wake of a butter shortage.
A feasibility study will be carried out to see if collective buying and storing of butter is an option that could help combat shortages and rising costs.
The Scottish Agricultural Organisation Society (SAOS) has been tasked with the work.
It will also look at ways to combat volatility in the butter industry.
A supply shortage combined with rising demand has seen wholesale butter prices rise to record highs this year.
In July, the boss of dairy giant Arla warned that the UK could be facing a butter and cream shortage this Christmas.
Peder Tuborgh said there was insufficient milk being supplied by farmers to make the products, but the National Farmers' Union described his comments as "scaremongering".
'Economic pressure'
Rural Economy Secretary Fergus Ewing told an audience at the RBS Food and Drink conference that the food and drink sector was a "significant and growing part of our economy" and ministers wanted to support manufacturers "particularly during times of economic pressure".
He said: "The price of wholesale butter has doubled since the start of the year, with wholesale prices at a record high.
"This is a concern for many of our smaller food and drink manufacturers who use butter as a primary ingredient, such as our shortbread and confectionery producers and bakeries, and who are finding trading tough."
Image copyright tiverylucky
He added: "We have listened to the concerns of our manufacturers and this urgent feasibility study will explore opportunities to exploit buying and efficiency savings made available through collaboration, boosting productivity and competitiveness within domestic and global markets.
"We expect to see the outcome of the study within the next month or so and we look forward to supporting the industry in whatever way we can."
The feasibility study is being funded from the £1m Market Driven Supply Chain (MDSC) project, which the Scottish government established in March.
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Ivan Nova throws to the plate during the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles.
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Los Angeles Dodgers' Joc Pederson, second from left, hits a solo home run as Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Ivan Nova, left, and catcher Elias Diaz, right, watch along with home plate umpire Manny Gonzalez during the fi...
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Los Angeles Dodgers' Max Muncy, second from left, hits a solo home run as Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Ivan Nova, left, and catcher Elias Diaz, right, watch along with home plate umpire Manny Gonzalez during the first...
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Clayton Kershaw throws to the plate during the second inning of a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles.
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Los Angeles Dodgers' Enrique Hernandez, right, is congratulated by Chris Taylor after hitting a two-run home run, while Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Elias Diaz stands at the plate during the sixth inning of a baseball game Tue...
By BETH HARRIS
AP Sports Writer
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Clayton Kershaw pitched his way to freedom while earning his first win in 2 ½ months.
The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner won't be facing any further restrictions in his next start after a solid outing in the Los Angeles Dodgers' 8-3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night.
Five Dodgers homered including Max Muncy with a pair, and the team's six homers were the most they've hit at home since also launching six on Sept. 9, 2013, against Arizona.
"You want to get guys back in the dugout as fast as possible the way they're swinging the bats," said Kershaw, who was limited by a pitch count in his last three outings.
Ivan Nova (4-6) became the first pitcher in Pirates history to give up five homers in a game. Pittsburgh has been outscored 25-4 in the first two games of the series.
"They're horses over there. It's a stacked team," Pirates third baseman David Freese said. "They've just got really good approaches right now and they're on time, all of them are on time."
The Dodgers have 11 homers three days into July and 122 so far this season after slugging a major league-leading and franchise-record 55 in June.
"It's pretty remarkable what we're doing," manager Dave Roberts said. "When I look at what we've accomplished offensively, we're in some uncharted territory."
Kershaw (2-4) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings of his third start since coming off the disabled list. The left-handed ace's two strikeouts were against Nova and Kershaw didn't walk anyone to earn his first victory since April 15 at Arizona. He had two losses and four straight no-decisions since.
"His velo is down a little bit but he's still got that cutter and he works it. He's just a guy that locates," Freese said. "You can sense when he's out there that he trusts every pitch he's about to throw. That's that makes him really good."
Kershaw had not gone as late as July 3 with just one win since his rookie year in 2008 when he didn't earn his second victory until Aug. 7.
"It's kind of what we wanted," Roberts said of Kershaw. "The fifth and sixth innings were probably the best for me. The ball came out well. We can feel confident going forward the reins are off."
Joc Pederson and Muncy homered back-to-back for the second straight game.
Pederson sent Nova's first pitch of the game over the right-field wall and Muncy followed with a shot to center field for a 2-0 lead.
"They have a really good lineup but we've got to be able to do a better job than that," Nova said.
Muncy led off the third with his team-high 20th homer for a 3-1 lead. He reached 20 homers in 183 at-bats, making him the fastest Dodger to reach the mark, according to the Elias Sports Bureau. Cody Bellinger set the record at 189 at-bats last year.
"I never thought I could hit this many home runs in such a short amount of time," said Muncy, who has played in just 63 games this season.
Freese provided the lone bright spot for the Pirates, going 3 for 3 with a pair of RBI singles that twice cut the Dodgers' lead to one run, and a solo homer off reliever Yimi Garcia.
Chris Taylor kept the slugfest going in the fourth with a two-run shot that made it 5-2. He went 3 for 4 with a strikeout and finished a single shy of hitting for the cycle.
"It seems to be contagious up and down the lineup, which makes it fun in the dugout," Taylor said.
Yasmani Grandal led off the sixth with a homer and Taylor doubled to deep center field to chase Nova.
Nova gave up a season-high seven earned runs and nine hits, struck out three and walked two in five innings.
"It's not fun to give up that many homers," Nova said. "Sometimes you give up that many runs and you don't feel that bad, but giving up five homers is too much."
Nova's replacement didn't fare any better. Enrique Hernandez blasted a two-run homer on the first pitch from Dovydas Neverauskas, extending the Dodgers' lead to 8-2.
Dodgers slugger Matt Kemp's run of eight hits in eight consecutive at-bats ended when he struck out to end the first. One night after tying a career high with five hits, including a three-run homer, Kemp was hitless in four at-bats with two other strikeouts.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Pirates: RHP Joe Musgrove (right index finger infection) went on the DL retroactive to June 30. He was scheduled to start Wednesday's series finale.
Dodgers: RHP Walker Buehler was moved to the DL retroactive to June 29. He began a rehab assignment for Single-A Rancho Cucamonga.
UP NEXT
RHP Clay Holmes (0-0, 2.25 ERA) will replace Musgrove in the series finale on Wednesday. Dodgers LHP Rich Hill (1-3, 4.68) took a no-hitter into extra innings in Pittsburgh last August before allowing a walk-off solo homer in the 10th.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The exposure of the child sexual abuse scandal in Rochdale in The Times led to a shift in how such cases are treated – and this poignant series is set to continue that legacy
“It's like one of them Magic Eye posters,” screams sexual health worker Sara Rowbotham, shaking with rage, “Me and you are looking at the same thing, but where I am seeing kids turned inside out by abusers, all you lot are seeing is slags bringing it on themselves.”
Advertisement
This sentiment, voiced by actress Maxine Peake, who plays Sara in the new BBC drama Three Girls, powerfully encompasses the real-life scandal surrounding the sexual abuse of teenage girls in Rochdale – and the authorities' initial failure to protect them. In 2011, an investigation by Andrew Norfolk for The Times exposed the sexual grooming, mostly of white girls aged around 12 or 13, by gangs of middle-aged men, mostly of Pakistani origin. The girls were befriended, plied with free food and alcohol, then repeatedly raped, beaten and coerced into having sex with countless men.
Beginning this Tuesday on BBC1 and airing for three consecutive nights, Three Girls looks specifically at the abuse of Holly, Amber and Ruby. Written by Nicole Taylor (The C Word), it was created with the help of Norfolk, and the full cooperation of three of the victims and their families, although their names are changed in the script to protect them.
Holly, Ruby, Sara and Amber
15-year-old Holly (terrifically portrayed by 19-year-old Molly Windsor) has recently moved to Rochdale and starts hanging out with sisters Amber and Ruby (Ria Zmitrovic and Liv Hill). Her makeup gradually thickens and her clothes become more scant as she spends time with the girls and their “friends” at the local kebab shop. There is an eerie emphasis placed on the ecstasy of it all – the thrill of being grown up and rebellious – and it is difficult to watch Holly getting lured into their circle, blissfully unaware of her fate. After Holly's abuse begins, the makeup and suggestive clothes are no more, and she appears increasingly bedraggled and gaunt.
Taylor chose to focus on these three children in particular because of the light their stories shed on the complexity of the case: Holly is a bright girl from a loving family, the real-life Amber was forced to act as an enabler in the recruitment of younger girls, and her younger sister Ruby has learning difficulties and fell pregnant by one of her rapists aged 13.
While Maxine Peake is extraordinary as Sara – the sexual health worker who fought tirelessly to help the girls – Holly, Amber and Ruby are very much the focus of the series. The culprits, meanwhile, are shown only in brief glimpses and it's the girls that the camera rests on. It's their voices coming through.
But Three Girls makes its point by juxtaposing youth and maturity: its three protagonists might swear and slap on make up like big girls, but they play-fight and bounce on beds like children.
In one awful scene in the first episode, Holly pays a rare visit to her family home and asks her father if he wants her to do a “prozzy dance” for him. To his horror, she begins to perform. The exchange is all the more horrifying because Holly had originally returned home to get her school uniform – one of many stark reminders of the girls' once-innocent youth.
Their naivety bleeds into their language, too: they refer to their rapists as “friends” and “boyfriends”. They call one of the men “Daddy” and say things like, “I'm getting absolutely wankered tonight, like black-out wasted”. The drama uses the power and distortion of language by different groups to try to understand how the gang continued to operate for so long, and why the girls weren't given the benefit of the doubt by many of the adults around them.
When the scandal first broke in 2011, much was made of the failure of the police and social workers to detect such widespread sexual abuse, but Three Girls is full of the authorities' accusatory language and victim blaming culture. The police, for example, say the girls have “chaotic lives” and are unwilling to be saved, while the social workers describe Holly's predicament as a “lifestyle choice” and tell her parents she is “working as a prostitute”.
On the opposite end of the spectrum is Sara, who seems to be the only one who understands that there is no such thing as a child prostitute – just a child being abused.
Why didn't they speak out? Why were they kept under the thumb of these men? At one point, Holly's dad learns his daughter has been raped and asks, “you don't walk back into it, do you? You don't go back for more?” But what Three Girls does so well is unspool the psychology of the victims and the trappings of their situation, subverting our preconceptions.
Advertisement
While the first instalment of the drama focuses on the abuse itself, and Holly's experience in particular, the following two explore Amber and Ruby's home life, the eventual investigation undertaken by police, the subsequent trial and the racial issues that the case brought up. Three Girls challenges the viewer throughout, forcing us to re-examine our own prejudices. With any luck, it will also serve to further investigator Andrew Norfolk's legacy of changing our society for the better.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Adam Cuthbertson v Adam Milner (loose forward)
It's the battle of the Adams to kick us off with our big Grand Final battles. Leeds' Adam Cuthbertson is undoubtedly back to his best in 2017 after a difficult 2016, and he'll be huge for the Rhinos on Saturday night. But up against him is Castleford workhorse Adam Milner – who arguably had as much of an impact in Castleford getting to Old Trafford as Luke Gale did! Milner was immense in both attack and defence last week, and he'll be one man Leeds will need to keep quiet on Saturday night if they are to stand a chance.
Paul McShane v Matt Parcell (hooker)
It was arguably the toughest call of all to make in the Super League Dream Team voting – and whichever hooker comes out on top on Saturday night will likely have ended up on the winning side. For Castleford's Paul McShane, there is motivation aplenty to show his former employers why they were wrong to let him leave – but Leeds' Matt Parcell has been a phenomenal signing for the Rhinos in 2017.
Greg Eden v Jack Walker (fullback)
It's the battle that, a few weeks – or even a few days – ago at least, nobody thought we'd be seeing at fullback. Jack Walker impressed last Friday against Hull FC and looks in pole position to play fullback at Old Trafford tomorrow night aged just 18 – and opposite him will be a man nobody expected to see at the back. With Zak Hardaker's shock omission from the Castleford squad, it almost certainly means Greg Eden will play in the position he was initially signed for on Saturday night. How much of a disruption will the shuffle be?
Image copyright Julia Quenzler Image caption The rapid radicalisation of Darren Osborne shocked people both in and far beyond his community
The rise of social media is making it difficult to curb the spread of radical views, a former counter-terrorism expert has warned.
Vince Donovan, a former Prevent engagement officer, said it was crucial that people close to those at risk recognised the signs of radicalisation.
It comes after Finsbury Park attacker Darren Osborne, from Cardiff, was sentenced to life in prison.
He must serve a minimum term of 43 years behind bars.
Osborne's "rapid" radicalisation over the internet shocked people both in and far beyond his community.
He was found guilty of murdering Makram Ali, 51, after deliberately driving into a crowd of people outside a London mosque in Finsbury Park in June.
"That accessibility to extreme documents, information, videos is out there and despite all the best endeavours of the government, to challenge these social media providers, it is difficult," Mr Donovan said.
He stressed it was crucial that people with concerns over a loved one came forward.
"The problem we've got is [a] disconnect with communities," he told BBC Wales.
"When someone picks up worrying signs, they need to feel confident that they can reach out to the authorities and say they need help and are concerned.
"In the case of Darren Osborne, what this has highlighted is that... anger is being expressed in our communities but people don't... really know what to do with that information as to seeking help."
Image caption Vince Donovan was a Prevention engagement officer in Cardiff
Prevent is one of four strands of the government's counter-terrorism strategy, known as Contest.
It aims for police and other organisations to build relations across the UK and requires faith leaders, teachers, doctors and others to refer any suspicions about people to a local Prevent body.
An assessment is then made about whether further action is needed.
"What we need to also get over is the stigma and the negativity towards the concept of Prevent," Mr Donovan added.
He pointed out that it is still seen by some as spying and said people feel nervous because they think the authorities are watching them.
Image copyright PA Image caption Makram Ali, 51, was killed in the Finsbury Park attack
But he urged people who are afraid to tell the police or social workers about their concerns to call Crimestoppers anonymously.
"That intelligence gets picked up and it can be shared with the police," he said.
During his trial, the court heard Osborne became fixated on Three Girls, a three-part BBC drama about the Rochdale abuse scandal in which most of the victims were white and most of the perpetrators were Pakistani-heritage men.
His partner told police he had become "obsessed" with the drama, which aired the month before the attack.
Commander Dean Haydon, the head of counter-terrorism at the Metropolitan Police, told the court that this drama was the "catalyst".
Osborne began accusing Muslims of being rapists or paedophiles - and the couple argued as he had never previously been openly racist or hostile to Muslims.
"It's recognising that terror can be attributed to any individual, by any particular group," Mr Donovan added.
Henderson Island — an uninhabited atoll in the South Pacific, halfway between New Zealand and Chile — should be one of the most pristine places on Earth. It's about as isolated as an island can be. But today, the UNESCO World Heritage site's white sand beaches are coated in 38 million pieces of plastic that have bobbed across the world's oceans — giving it the planet's highest density of anthropogenic debris and proving that the oceans are truly awash with garbage.
The garbage isn't just an eyesore. Scientists worry it could harm marine life and even humans. Not only do animals get tangled in fishing lines and other large debris, but they ingest smaller bits of plastic as well, which then release toxic chemicals, like mercury. Predators absorb the chemicals consumed by their prey, allowing those chemicals to move up the food chain until they reach you and me. Garbage in the oceans could truly wreak havoc on your health.
But there's a ray of hope. One ambitious foundation, which raised $31.5 million in donations in a matter of years, will attempt to clean up plastic trash in the North Pacific as early as 2018. Hundreds of other projects are attacking the problem across the world. Experts agree that it will take an army to clean up the plastic junk, but they are hopeful it will be done.
Drowning in Plastic
We currently live in what some scientists call the Age of Plastic. Long clear sheets of plastic are wrapped around food in your fridge. We drink out of plastic and carry our groceries in plastic. It's probably covering the screen you're reading this story on. It has blanketed the Earth — so much so that scientists think there will be visible layers of plastic in Earth's sediment millions of years from now.
A child collects valuable goods from the garbage carried in by the sea at Muara Angke fishing village in Jakarta, Indonesia, in 2016. Barcroft Media via Getty Images
About 8 million metric tons of plastic enter the ocean each year — enough to fill five plastic grocery bags for every foot of coastline in the world. The problem is so bad it's impossible to find a pristine beach or region in the ocean, says Erik van Sebille, an oceanographer at Utrecht University in the Netherlands.
“Whenever we go out somewhere to measure plastic, we are almost sure to find it,” he says.
But the problem isn't as obvious as you think. Thanks to the ocean's currents, a significant portion of trash ends up in huge systems of rotating currents called gyres, or simply “garbage patches.” There are five main garbage patches — one each in the Indian Ocean, the North Atlantic, the North Pacific, the South Atlantic, and the South Pacific.
Related: Scientists Have Wild Ideas for Getting Rid of Space Junk
Although garbage patches have captured people's attention, Nancy Wallace, director of the marine debris program at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, says they aren't easy to spot.
“You can sail through these ‘garbage patches' and you wouldn't even know you're in it sometimes,” she says. “Because a lot of the time the plastic, or the debris, is so small, that you wouldn't see it. It's also distributed throughout the water column or it's on the bottom.”
Although the garbage patches don't resemble Henderson Island, they're still chock-full of rubbish. “We have to be absolutely ashamed as a society that we have been so careless with our waste and our plastic,” van Sebille says.
A Fools Errand?
The garbage certainly haunted Boyan Slat — a young Dutch inventor who noticed the problem while diving off the coast of Greece in 2011. “I came across more plastic bags than fish,” he says. “And I then asked myself the question, ‘Well why don't we clean this up?'”
At the time, Slat was only 16 and it took a few years until he decided that he could be a part of that “we.” He dropped out of college and founded The Ocean Cleanup foundation with the hope of cleaning the Great Pacific Garbage Patch.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM 2016: This 21-Year-Old May Have Invented a Way to Clean Up Our Oceans 2:10 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The essential idea behind Ocean Cleanup is to use the same currents that created the garbage patch and let them push plastic into a curved network of large floating barriers. The trash would the ultimately be funneled toward a central tank where it can be collected once a month. Slat plans to deploy the project next year and thinks that the North Pacific will be garbage-free by the 2040s.
But Ocean Cleanup has been hit hard with criticism as large parts of the scientific community think it will be ineffective. “They are going at the problem from the wrong side,” van Sebille says. It makes no sense to clean up the garbage at the end of its journey, he adds, not when you can stop it earlier and prevent it from interacting with marine life.
A computer rendering shows the Ocean Cleanup system with a support vessel. Erwin Zwart / The Ocean Cleanup
Wallace thinks cleanup projects should target trash before it becomes a problem. “We want to focus on preventing new sources of debris rather than trying to do the open ocean cleanup because it's just more challenging,” she says. She quotes another marine biologist who “once said, 'If your bathroom is flooding because the sink is pouring out water, you don't start mopping up the water, you turn off the faucet,'” she says. “That's a great way to look at it. We can't just keep pouring more and more in and hope that we can mop it up. We have to turn that faucet off.”
Slat, however, thinks scientists need to attack the problem from both ends — prevent garbage from ending up in the oceans, and clean up what's collecting in garbage patches.
Boyan Slat, 22, dropped out of university to start the Ocean Cleanup. Pierre Augier / The Ocean Cleanup
“In a way, cleanup is prevention,” Slat says. “Because if the oceans will be polluted forever, if we have to forget what's already in there and the best thing we can do is not make it worse, I think that will be a very uninspiring message … So now that we've shown that there is a path in which we can make the ocean clean again, I think that will actually help to motivate people to work on that prevention side as well.”
Turning Toward the Future
But prevention will be a chore. “The really scary statistic is that in the five years we will be producing as much plastic as in all of the 20th century,” van Sebille says. “If you don't plug the holes, if you don't stop the wave getting into the ocean, the amounts we're seeing now are minuscule compared to what's coming. So we need to act fast.”
Change has already begun. A law enacted in 2015 prohibited those tiny plastic beads found in facial scrubs and body washes. Designed to exfoliate your skin, the beads easily slip through sewage treatment plants and are carried into rivers, lakes, and oceans. The law came shortly after a study estimated that 800 trillion beads were washed down the drains daily.
“ We can't just keep pouring more and more in and hope that we can mop it up. We have to turn that faucet off.”
But it's unlikely that we're going to stop using plastic entirely. And van Sebille doesn't think we have to. In fact, he says it promising that the use of plastic doesn't always come hand-in-hand with litter.
“I am hopeful that it's not like carbon dioxide, where the carbon dioxide that we emit is an inherent part of the burning of fossil fuels,” he says. “Here, the use of plastics doesn't mean it has to end up in the ocean.”
Instead of halting the production of plastic, experts argue we need to target areas where the problem is easiest to tackle. And that varies throughout the world. Take the U.S. and China. Although America generates nearly twice as much waste per person per day as China does, China tops the list of plastic polluters. That's because the U.S. has the proper infrastructure to get rid of waste, whereas in rural China, it's rare to have a system for trash collection.
Related: What Lies Ahead for Earth's Shifting Continents?
Many projects in China are trying to develop the proper infrastructure from the ground up.
“You have to look at the local challenges and culture and then develop the solutions around that and make the economic incentives work in each place,” Wallace says.
You have to look at where plastic causes the most harm, van Sebille argues. Out in the north Pacific, trash does little harm because there's little marine life. But closer to the coasts, where animals live, trash can cause an array of dangers. Many scientists argue this is the best place to clean up.
Plenty of other cleanup projects target the coasts. Van Sebille points toward hundreds of small community groups that clean up their local beaches. Some U.S. cities have deployed trash collection boats into rivers that scoop up plastic before it can reach the ocean.
Volunteers clean the beach in Playa Del Rey, California, in one of a series of simultaneous beach clean-ups organized by the L.A. Kings and the NHL on Jan. 25, 2017. Juan Ocampo / NHLI via Getty Images
At the end of the day, every project counts.
“We're seeing real investment from other countries that were not involved in the issue before,” Wallace says. Take Indonesia. Those volcanic islands are the second largest contributor to ocean garbage after China. Now, the country has started pilot projects that will help develop the infrastructure necessary to clean up trash.
“We need it all because we are facing this tsunami of new plastic,” van Sebille says. And although that might seem like a colossal problem, many experts are optimistic.
“We caused the problem," she says. "Therefore, we can solve the problem."
Follow NBC MACH on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
0:30 Former Opa Locka commissioner Santiago leaves federal court Pause
1:11 Mall brawl at Sawgrass Mills
7:30 Plundering a small town
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The new head of the nation's top public health agency is getting paid nearly twice what his predecessor made and far more than other past directors, government officials confirmed.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Drake once rhymed, “while all of my closest friends out partying, I'm just here making all the music that they party to.” Yeah…that's not Diddy. He's the type to record a track, then go out that very night to catch the vibe. The man topped the Forbes list for musicians this year, which no doubt takes a lot of hard work and dedication, but it seems like outside of the boardroom his life is one big party. He's been known more in recent years for Ciroc liquor than anything else, but now in recent years he's been expanding his libation empire to Delon Tequila.
While the Deleon commercials are elegant, it's likely the majority of people who enjoy Deleon are doing what a Youtube channel ripped from his social media accounts: hanging out with friends, dancing in the club, and taking shots while someone sings questionably in the background.
The Urban Central channel ripped footage of Diddy dancing around while Drake's dad Aubrey Graham sang a song on the piano. Diddy looks like he was in his own world while taking swigs, which makes the juxtaposition even more hilarious. The scene seems like it would fit perfect in someone's anecdote about a weird night in hollywood with a random hodgepodge of famous people.
The lone tangential takeaway from the moment is that Drake and Diddy seem to be cool after their past strife – at least cool enough for Diddy to be around Drake's father with his guard down going bottoms up.
“For reasons that we can all understand, the patient wishes to remain anonymous and requests to have his privacy respected.”
The operation to replace the patient's penis and lower abdominal area took 14 hours, the research team said.
“It's a real mind-boggling injury to suffer, it is not an easy one to accept,” the patient said in a statement released by the university.
“When I first woke up, I felt finally more normal… a level of confidence as well. Confidence… like finally I'm okay now.”
Penis transplants are not completely new. In 2016, a 64-year-old man who lost his penis to cancer got a new organ and in 2015, a South African university said it had performed a successful penis transplant and said the patient had fathered a child.
According to a 2017 report in the Journal of Urology, more than 1,300 male veterans had suffered genital injuries sustained during action from 2001 to 2013 in Afghanistan and Iraq. "An unprecedented number of U.S. service members sustained genitourinary injury while deployed to Operation Iraqi Freedom/Operation Enduring Freedom," the researchers, led by Dr. Steven Hudak of the San Antonio Military Medical Center, wrote.
Such transplants are very complicated. The penis has many blood vessels and nerve endings, and also must connect the urethra to the bladder and to the prostate inside the body.
Plastic surgeons can perform penile reconstruction using a patient's own skin but a transplant of an entire organ is much trickier.
The Johns Hopkins team also gave the patient an infusion of the donor's bone marrow to help his immune system accept the transplant. The hope is to reduce the need for anti-rejection drugs.
It wasn't easy finding a donor because the patient had a rare blood type, the surgeons said.
“I would like to take a moment to acknowledge the incredible generosity of the donor family. In their period of grief they were able to think of others in need, and we are deeply grateful for their gift,” said Dr. Rick Redett, professor of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery at Johns Hopkins.
“We also want to recognize the personnel from the two organ procurement organizations for their compassionate and professional assistance in making the donation possible.”
Most organ transplants require the family to make a quick decision to donate after someone dies. There is a severe shortage of such donors in the U.S.
The family of the donor, who worked with New England Donor Services, wished the patient well.
"We are all very proud that our loved one was able to help a young man that served this country," they said in a letter released by the donor group.
"We are so thankful to say that our loved one would be proud and honored to know he provided such a special gift to you. As a family, we are very supportive of all the men and women who serve our country and grateful for the job you did for this nation."
The surgeons said the operation appears to have been a success.
“Our patient is recovering from the transplant well. He is up walking and the graft shows no signs of infection or rejection. He is expected to be discharged from the hospital this week,” Redett said.
The doctors will know if the patient can urinate normally soon, as soon as his catheter is removed. It may be longer before they know if sexual function has returned.
“We think it will take about six months,” Redett told reporters.
The surgeons did not transplant new testicles for the patient or any germline tissue that could produce sperm, citing ethical issues. Transplanted testicular tissue would create sperm genetically related to the donor, not the patient recipient.
The team said they have no plans to use their techniques for gender reassignment surgery.
Other researchers are working on the problem of restoring damaged sexual organs, including a team trying to grow personalized transplants so that rejection is not a problem. A team at Wake Forest University engineered artificial penises in rabbits in 2009 , using cells from the animals, who then used their new organs to father baby rabbits.
The highs and many, many lows of Mariah Carey's wild year Keeping track of Mariah Carey's life and career is practically a full-time job, but the past 12 months have been especially bizarre. Only recently, the “All I Want for Christmas...
How Mariah Carey turned Christmas into a second career During the hour that Mariah Carey made the audience wait for the start of her Beacon Theatre Christmas concert on Wednesday night, a row of superfans could not be contained....
Elle King preps for her wedding by marrying her fans You can forget all that sappy “dearly beloved” stuff, because Elle King's version of wedding vows are much more rock 'n' roll than that. The 27-year-old Brooklyn singer will play...
Carol Burnett on Osama bin Laden and the TV guest star from hell Her variety show ended in 1978, yet kids today are still discovering the comedy genius of Carol Burnett via DVDs and YouTube. “I'm getting fan mail from 9-year-olds!” the chipper...
MSG put Rockettes' dry cleaner out of business: lawsuit The owner of a mom-and-pop dry cleaning business that did laundry for the Rockettes says he was hung out to dry by Madison Square Garden bigs over a contract dispute....
Joan Baez's list of ex-lovers is better than yours You can say this of Joan Baez: She's popped up, Zelig-like, everywhere with everyone — from the Village with Bob Dylan and Mississippi with Martin Luther King Jr. to Palo...
Seinfeld to have monthly residency at Beacon Theatre Yada, yada residency! Jerry Seinfeld will do a monthly stand-up gig at the Beacon Theatre in 2016, starting with a show on Jan. 7, owners of the venerable Upper West Side...
Josh Groban: Miss Piggy hit it and quit it Josh Groban is an interesting case. The deep-voiced balladeer sings of romance with unabashed earnestness, then turns around and acts like a total goofball, from guesting on TV's “Parks and...
Elton John, Skrillex and 6 other NYE concerts beyond Times Square Taylor Swift in Times Square not your thing? Don't worry! Anyone spending New Year's Eve in New York City won't have a shortage of musical options to help celebrate the...
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both his opponents and religious conservatives that back him, but it's likely to have a limited impact on America's largely secular workplaces. Most women no longer pay for birth control, and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court.
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's new policy, the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans. Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected. However, it's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies. Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. Privately owned for-profit companies, as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees. No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Doctors' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration's move on birth control.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
Women's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes.
“The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. “We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away.
Review of the Olubadan Chieftaincy Law 1957 recieves approval by the Olubadan of Ibadan
The governor's proposed review of the Olubadan Chieftaincy Law 1957 by the Oyo State governor Abiola Ajimobi received the blessings of the Olubadan of Ibadan land, Oba Saliu Adetunji, and the members of the Olubadan-in-Council. The proposal had caused controversy since it was announced by the governor, with the Otun Olubadan, Senator Lekan Balogun, and …
The post Review of the Olubadan Chieftaincy Law 1957 recieves approval by the Olubadan of Ibadan appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
VMware Workspace ONE is one of the markets most advanced portals. I'm working on some large implementations and I thought it might be handy to post things I ran into.
VMware offers a good overview how to integrate several services with Workspace One. Find the link to the page right here – Reference guide – Integration. In this blog I will show the integration with Amazon Web Services.
Integrate with Amazon Web ServicesI was working with the integration reference of Amazon, found on the site. While going through the document I noticed that procedures has changed. So let's go over setting up integration of Amazon Web services in VMware workspace ONE. Result after this will be that you can single sign on to the Amazon Web Services console using an external user database (VMware Workspace ONE / Identity manager).
There are a few steps to follow to setup single sign on to Amazon Web services from Workspace ONE / Identity Manager. Let me show you, first a high level overview.
Read the entire article here, VMware Workspace ONE – howto configure SSO for Amazon Web Services –
Via Rob Beekmans.net
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump vowed Tuesday the U.S. would "win" the battle against the heroin and opioid plague, but stopped short of declaring a national emergency as his hand-picked commission had recommended.
Instead, Trump promised to "protect innocent citizens from drug dealers that poison our communities."
"The best way to prevent drug addiction and overdose is to prevent people from abusing drugs in the first place," he said alongside administration officials at his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey. "I'm confident that by working with our health care and law enforcement experts, we will fight this deadly epidemic and the United States will win."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump on Opioid Epidemic: 'We Have to Win for Our Young People' 1:25 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump announced no new policies in the fight against opioids after promising a "major briefing" in a tweet Tuesday morning.
Last week, the presidential opioid commission, chaired by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, urged Trump to “declare a national emergency” and noted that “America is enduring a death toll equal to September 11th every three weeks.”
It recommended, among other things, expanding treatment facilities across the country, educating and equipping doctors about the proper way to prescribe pain medication, and equipping all police officers with the anti-overdose remedy Naloxone.
Trump did not address any of the recommendations. Instead, the president repeated his well-worn pledge to be "very, very strong on our Southern border."
"We're talking to China, where certain forms of man-made drug comes in and it is bad," Trump said. "We are speaking to other countries, and we're getting cooperation."
Asked later why Trump didn't make the declaration, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said "all things are on the table."
"Most national emergencies that have been declared have been focused on a specific area, time-limited problem" like the Zika outbreak or Hurricane Sandy, Price said. "So we believe at this point resources that we need, or focus we need to bring to bear at this point, can be addressed without a declaration."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Opioid Crisis: 313 Deaths So Far This Year in Ohio County 1:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
If Trump had declared a national emergency, it would have sent "a message about the scope of the problem,” Northwestern University Pritzker School of Law professor Juliet Sorensen told NBC News earlier.
It also would have been the rare Trump move that both Republicans and Democrats could agree on. “It is one of the few issues that does have bipartisan congressional support,” she said.
Trump's declaration would have allowed the executive branch “to direct federal funds to do things like expand treatment facilities," Sorensen said. “As of now, Medicaid puts a cap on the number of beds each treatment facility can have, so legions of patients who need help get turned away."
The president would have also been able to direct funds to equip police with Naloxone and provide the FBI, the Drug Enforcement Agency and other law enforcement agencies with more money to focus on the manufacturers and smugglers of dangerous drugs like fentanyl, which is a powerful painkiller that packs 25 to 50 times more punch than straight heroin, Sorensen said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed One in Three Americans Took Prescription Opioids in 2015 1:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In addition to Price, the Trump briefing was attended by First Lady Melania Trump, top adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner, Counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway, and other White House officials.
Not present was Christie, who is on vacation in Italy.
Trump spoke on the same day that it was revealed that officials in and around Cincinnati, Ohio reported treating some two dozen people for heroin overdoses over the weekend. Police suspect the drugs were laced with fentanyl.
“This surge shows that we can't keep using a Band-Aid to fight this epidemic,” City Council President Yvette Simpson said. “It is a devastating public issue.”
Nearly 35,000 people across America died of heroin or opioid overdoses in 2015, according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse. But a new University of Virginia study released on Monday concluded the mortality rates were 24 percent higher for opioids and 22 percent higher for heroin than had been previously reported.
Ali Vitali reported from Washington, and Corky Siemaszko from New York.
by Jacque English
The Five Rivers Bee Club, FRBC, meets the second Tuesday of every month at 6:30 p.m. at Grandma's Country Cookin' in Hardy. John Goodson, Sharp County Board of Health Food Inspector, will be the guest speaker at their Tuesday, December 12 meeting. Goodson will discuss selling honey as a hobbyist beekeeper.
They are a small non-profit club for hobbyists, backyard honeybee beekeepers, and wish to extend an invitation to come to our meetings to learn more about Honeybees and how we can help to increase their dwindled numbers.
The mission of FRBC is to provide our membership and local community with a forum for sharing knowledge and mutual interests in beekeeping, to educate and promote the benefits of beekeeping to the public.
The Bee Club covers many counties in the State of Arkansas and Missouri (Sharp, Fulton, Izard, Baxter, Randolph, Lawrence) and more folks are joining every month.
To learn more about them, visit 5rbc.net or call President Arrie Goodwin at 870-966-3666.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Image caption Sarah Goode, Peter Llewelyn Evans and Hanna Wyn Hympreys all read out tributes to the NHS
People from across NHS Wales came together with the Prince of Wales to celebrate its 70th anniversary.
Members of staff representing the seven Welsh health boards were at the service at Llandaff Cathedral in Cardiff on Wednesday evening.
Aneira Thomas, the first NHS-born baby, and Dennis Moss, a retired paramedic who helped after the Aberfan Disaster were among those at the event.
Staff members also read statements about what the NHS meant to them.
There were speeches and readings from the Bishop of Llandaff, First Minister Carwyn Jones and Health Secretary Vaughan Gething, who read Aneurin Bevan's 'In Place of Fear'.
A piece from poet Gillian Clarke called Birth was read in public for the first time and Casia Wiliam, Children's Poet of Wales, read out Ti for all the children's wards in Wales.
The Archbishop of Wales also led a blessing and Aneira Thomas laid flowers at the bust of Aneurin Bevan.
Image caption Members of the congregation at Llandaff Cathedral
Speaking on the eve of her 70th birthday, Ms Thomas, who was born in Carmarthenshire and named Aneira in honour of Aneurin Bevan, said NHS staff were "true heroes."
Ellen Mann, who had a heart operation in 2004 and worked for the NHS for more than 50 years, said: "I owe my life to the institution for which I worked. I feel proud to have devoted my working life to the NHS."
Sara Goode said: "It is a privilege to be associated with a body which delivers free care of the highest quality to all classes and discriminates against no-one."
Mike Peters from Rhyl-based band The Alarm performed 'Walk forever by your side'. He and his wife, Jules has both battled cancer in recent years.
"I'm very grateful to be alive and that's thanks to the NHS, which is here for all of us," he said.
Image caption Mike Peters of the Welsh band the Alarm performed during the service
Cliff Powys, 68, the first paramedic in Wales, said it was "an absolute honour to be here tonight".
Following the service, Prince Charles presented NHS commemorative coins to primary school children who won a Welsh Government competition to draw how they thought the NHS would look in the future.
MONTREAL — Police in Quebec are carrying out dozens of arrests they say are linked to Hells Angels-related drug activities.
The arrests follow raids that took place in January and February.
A news conference is scheduled at Quebec provincial police headquarters in Montreal later this morning.
The British journalist will mark his milestone at the Howl! Happening art gallery on First Street.
Jim Crisp, right, and Clyde Austin) ask Ernest (Jim Crisp) to call Jan in the second act of Theatre Macon's 2011 production of “Bedroom Farce.” WOODY MARSHALL Telegraph file photo
Getty Image
So, that didn't take long. The Weeknd and Selena Gomez have only been dating for a little over a month, but Abel's already teasing Gomez's on again/off-again ex-boyfriend, Justin Bieber. The “Starboy” singer feels Bieber must be feeling a little salty that the woman he once described as his “first real love” has replaced him with another Canadian star.
Abel is featured on latest XO signee NAV's new song, “Some Way,” and on the track, the 26-year-old Queen street singer disses Bieber, singing, “I just took that chick, and I know you feelin' some way/She just wants a n*gga like me you're feelin' some way, way, way, way/She just wants a n*gga like me I play no [way].”
The Weeknd's taunts come after Bieber recently told TMZ cameras that he didn't think The Weeknd's music was any good, telling those instigators, “Hell no I can't listen to The Weeknd's song. That sh*t's wack.” That's an absurd opinion, but this isn't about me and my thoughts on The Weeknd's music. Anyway, sources close to Bieber claims he feels Selena is just an opportunist who's using The Weeknd for publicity. “When Selena wants to push new music, it seems she dates stars with whom she wants to collab,” TMZ purports Bieber as feeling.
For anyone who has ever read “Crime and Punishment” and then really wanted to see a frat boy version — Bro-stoyevsky, if you will — your movie has finally arrived.
“American Animals” is about a foursome of Kentucky college students — all white kids from privileged backgrounds — who in 2004 decided to steal some extremely valuable books from the Lexington library at Transylvania University. They are motivated less by the millions the books (particularly John James Audubon's multi-volume “The Birds of America”) could fetch than a desire to step beyond a line and turn their regular lives into something “special.”
“We're supposed to be hunter gatherers, man,” one says to another in a grocery store aisle.
The irony is that their brazen plot turns them into just another kind of cliche — hapless, dimwitted criminals — and leaves them ultimately with nothing but regret and shame. Oh, and this movie.
Bart Layton's “American Animals” isn't just a dramatization of the 2004 heist. It's frequently narrated and commented upon by the real guys whose story the film is based on. Warren Lipka, Spencer Reinhard, Eric Bosuk and Charles Allen II all appear in documentary-style interviews that punctuate the heist narrative, looking back years later with ashen remorse that may or may not mask their pleasure at starring in their own movie.
It opens, cleverly, with the words “This is not based on a true story.” Then, with a puff, the middle words blow away leaving only, “This is a true story.” Layton has previously played with hybrids of fiction and nonfiction. His 2012 documentary “The Imposter,” about the shape-shifting con artist Frederic Bourdin, was as manipulative and deceptive as its sly subject.
And especially in the first half of “American Animals,” Layton works hard — too hard — to impress its own stranger-than-fiction playfulness. The talking-head testimonies of the guys, along with their parents and teachers, are joined with scenes in which characters question each other's memories. Layton sometimes plays multiple versions of scenes, like the foggily remembered meeting with a possible fence to sell the books in New York.
The what's-true-what's-not tricks, reminiscent of last year's “I, Tonya,” are — like the students' own high-minded plans — not quite as smart as Layton seems to think. But the actors are quite good. Barry Keoghan (“The Killing of a Sacred Deer”) plays Spencer, a talented painter in search of some artistic suffering. “Art has to be about something more than: My life is great and I'm really good at drawing,” he says.
The valuable books first catch his eye, but it's his friend Warren (Evan Peters) who's the ringleader. While his parents are divorcing, Warren lets his athletic scholarship slide and refashions himself as a James Dean rebel and small-time thief. Through charisma and cajoling, he assembles a team (Jared Abrahamson and Blake Jenner play Bosuk and Allen) and what starts as a hypothetical lark turns into a genuine if poorly considered plot, predicated on disabling the middle-aged librarian (Ann Dowd) and dressing up as elderly men in costumes that mostly resemble 1970s Dick Van Dykes.
They make a study of heist movies, watching films like Stanley Kubrick's “The Killing,” giving themselves “Reservoir Dogs” nicknames and imagining a smooth, stylish “Ocean's 11” operation. In a sense, “American Animals” rewards them with the notoriety they sought. And it's reasonable to wonder if the film — which conflates their crime with the existential malaise of American youth — isn't just another way for them to profit for what they deserve only punishment. (Allen also wrote a 2010 book titled “Mr. Pink.” Reinhard is still painting.)
There's plenty hollow in the self-aware machinations of “American Animals.” But there's also something affecting in Reinhard's regret and how the film charts the swift, crushing fall of a dopey, quixotic idea hatched by kids who don't realize that what they're playing at isn't a game. “American Animals” would be a legitimate cautionary tale if it wasn't invalidated by its own existence.
“American Animals,” a Orchard and MoviePass Ventures release, is rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America for “language throughout, some drug use and brief crude/sexual material.” Running time: 116 minutes. Two stars out of four.
——
MPAA definition of R: Restricted. Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian.
——
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
'Cherry King' family plans to challenge tossed lawsuit: lawyer A lawyer for the daughters of late Brooklyn maraschino “Cherry King” Arthur Mondella has filed a notice of appeal after a judge tossed the family's $50 million wrongful-death suit. In...
Judge tosses 'preposterous' $50M suit by 'Cherry King' family A Brooklyn federal judge Thursday tossed the $50 million lawsuit filed against the city and NYPD by the distraught daughters of the late maraschino “Cherry King” Arthur Mondella. In a...
Police weren't allowed to frisk suicidal 'Cherry King' A Brooklyn judge denied authorities the permission to frisk the late maraschino “Cherry King” before he committed suicide just as investigators closed in on his secret marijuana-growing operation, new court...
Cherry King's kids furious over NYPD's treatment of dad: suit The daughters of the late maraschino “Cherry King” Arthur Mondella rip Brooklyn DA Ken Thompson's office, the NYPD and other authorities in a new lawsuit for treating their dad like...
'Cherry King's' $8.5M fortune finally settled Brooklyn's “Cherry King” can finally rest in peace. A judge recently signed off on the $8.5 million will of Arthur Mondella, the Dell's Maraschino Cherries owner who committed suicide when...
Cherry King heirs battle over his estate Relatives of the Brooklyn maraschino-cherry king who shot himself dead as investigators discovered his secret pot-growing operation are brawling over his $8.5 million estate — despite mounting fines and possible...
Owners of Cherry King's factory to plead guilty to pot charges The ​surviving owners of a ​Brooklyn cherry factory that doubled as a marijuana ​growing ​operation will plead guilty to criminal and environmental charges in exchange for paying $1.2 million in costs,...
Pot-growing 'Cherry King' who killed himself when busted leaves $8.5M to family The Brooklyn maraschino cherry magnate who killed himself as cops uncovered his secret pot-growing operation earlier this year left his $8.5 million estate to his family, according to new court...
Hurricane Sandy money fueled cherry-marijuana business City power subsidies and Hurricane Sandy rebuilding cash helped fuel a Brooklyn maraschino cherry plant that was a front for a hydroponic marijuana-growing operation, The Post has learned. Dell's Maraschino...
More Videos 1:28 Panthers Luke Kuechly on familiarity with Buffalo Bills: 'They know us, we know them' Pause 1:13 Experience NC State's victory over Louisville 11:11 NC State's Doeren: 'What a win' 0:29 NC State's Chubb makes a breathtaking sack 0:39 Jake Bentley: This week a chance for restart, refocus 1:58 USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge? 3:11 Game preview: Difficult tasks await USC against Arkansas 0:56 UNC's Fedora says Notre Dame game a great opportunity for the Tar Heels 0:21 Charlotte police shoot, kill man who had his hands raised 1:27 Key for Panthers: Being selfless and having humility, says Jonathan Stewart Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
What's next for South Carolina's offense South Carolina football coach Will Muschamp discusses what has to happen with the Gamecocks offense. South Carolina football coach Will Muschamp discusses what has to happen with the Gamecocks offense.
South Carolina football coach Will Muschamp discusses what has to happen with the Gamecocks offense.
ABHA: Civil Defense forces in Asir continued their rescue efforts Tuesday of several stranded people due to floods. Flooding in the region caused road closures and the launch of warning sirens in Abha dam area.
Civil Defense authorities said that rescue teams in Abha city saved several people whose cars were submerged in water. No injuries were reported. Many schools were closed following the severe rainstorms.
Asir Gov. Prince Faisal bin Khalid has directed the Emergency and Civil Defense Committee to closely follow-up efforts to alleviate the poor weather conditions in the region.
Saad bin Abdullah Al-Thabet, spokesman of the Governor's office, said the governor is following up the efforts of government agencies. He also said warning sirens in the Abha Dam Valley are a precautionary measure when the dam has flooded. He said that it is a routine measure to preserve the safety of citizens and residents.
Al-Thabet urged citizens to take caution, and avoid going near valleys that could threaten their safety.
He also noted that the Emergency and Civil Defense Committee, headed by Undersecretary of the region Suleiman Al-Greish, has been following up the situation since the start of rain early on Tuesday. He added that the committee has also studied ways of activating the precautionary measures and how to alert citizens and residents, as well as finding urgent solutions to avoid hazards.
.
Rory McIlroy is pleased with the work of the European Tour, sponsors and local organisers to help the Irish Open become one of the biggest tournaments on the European calendar.
McIlroy, who has hosted the tournament since 2015, says he would love to see it return to a Northern Ireland venue after next year's event in Lahinch, County Clare but admits the absence of a power-sharing executive at Stormont could make that difficult.
"Obviously next year that's not going to happen but going on from there, I see no reason why we can't get it back to Northern Ireland," said McIlroy.
From Lynchburg Police Department : On February 2, 2018 at approximately 2300 hrs, the Lynchburg Police Department responded to the 2600 block of Anthony Place regarding a home invasion. When officers arrived they spoke with the residents, who advised that an unknown black male forced his way into their home and displayed a firearm. After a brief confrontation the suspect fled the scene on foot. The suspect is described as a dark-skinned black male in his mid-20s, approximately 6-02, 180-200 lbs, unshaven, wearing a dark hoodie, stocking cap, and boots.
All indications are that this is an isolated incident and there does not appear to be any immediate danger to the public.
The incident remains under investigation by the LPD's Criminal Investigations Division. Anyone with information regarding this crime is asked to contact Detective D.C. Dubie at (434) 455-6102.
Bekah Martinez, a contestant on “The Bachelor,” was reported missing while on the show. Screenshot from Instagram
Shelve plan to relocate from P-Harcourt to Lagos, MEND warns SPDC
By Emma Amaize
WARRI—THE Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta, MEND, yesterday, advised Shell Petroleum Development Company, SPDC, to drop its alleged plan to relocate from Port Harcourt, Rivers State, to Lagos, saying that such movement could stir up the restiveness in the Niger Delta.
It also called on the military high command to initiate a thorough investigation into the remote and immediate circumstances surrounding the death of the late Rear Admiral Ikoli, one of the shining lights of the Ijaw ethnic nationality in the Nigerian Navy.
The militant group, said: “We use this opportunity to warn that we shall reconsider our unilateral ceasefire of May 30, 2014, if SPDC relocates to Lagos.”
The statement said: “We are alarmed over media reports of the planned or rumoured relocation of SPDC back to Lagos from Port Harcourt, Rivers State. If it is true, we urge SPDC to shelve the idea as the move has the likely consequence of reawakening restiveness in the Niger Delta region.
“Quite apart from the massive loss of job opportunities, taxes and other incentives the planned move would cause in the medium to short term, it is clear to all stakeholders, including the Federal Government, that such a move is ill-advised, especially against the backdrop of the recent directive from the Federal Government to the International Oil Companies, IOCs, to relocate to their areas of operation in the Niger Delta.
“To be sure, the Niger Delta region is no longer hostile to the business interests of the IOCs, including SPDC, as peace has since returned to the area, following the efforts of MEND, the Pan Niger Delta Forum, PANDEF, the various state governments, as well as the Federal Government. There is, therefore, no reason for SPDC to relocate back to Lagos.”
On the death of Rear Admiral Ikoli, it said: “Finally, and on a sad note, Rear Admiral Daniel Ikoli's death in Lagos on April 5, 2017 is suspicious and unfortunate. Death is an inevitable end for all mortals but our suspicion is fed by conflicting reports surrounding the circumstances of his death.
“We are, therefore, calling on the Nigerian military high command to initiate a thorough investigation into the remote and immediate circumstances surrounding the death of the late Rear Admiral who was one of the shining lights of the Ijaw ethnic nationality in the Nigerian Navy.”
The post Shelve plan to relocate from P-Harcourt to Lagos, MEND warns SPDC appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Everything you need to know about the two games – dates, times and live TV coverage details for every match
After the quarter-finals only four teams will be left fighting for the World Cup 2018 title, with the sides now facing off in the penultimate round. Which two countries will go through to the final?
Advertisement
As per the last round, The BBC and ITV will share coverage of the semi-final matches, with the broadcasters deciding between them which matches they will air once all the fixtures are confirmed.
We can say, however, that if England make it through to the semis, the match is extremely likely to air on ITV, with the broadcaster having first dibs of games.
Here's everything you need to know…
Which teams are in the semi-final matches?
None yet as the quarter-finals start on Friday 6th July. The winning sides will be added to this page as the results come in – stay tuned!
World Cup 2018 semi-final fixtures – knockout rounds live on BBC and ITV
Tuesday 10 July: Semi-final 1 (Uruguay/France) v (Brazil/Belgium)
Kick-off 7pm UK time
Channel TBC
Venue St Petersburg
Wednesday 11 July: Semi-final 1 (Sweden/ England ) v (Russia/Croatia)
Kick-off 7pm UK time
Channel TBC
Advertisement
Venue Moscow (Luzhniki)
Image caption Protesters said it could take 90 minutes to get to a unit in Ashford
Campaigners have staged a protest in Margate against proposals to change stroke services in Kent.
Kent's Save our NHS group said their nearest stroke centre will be more than an hour away, under the plans.
The NHS wants to concentrate services with specialist units at three hospitals in order to improve care.
Currently, urgent stroke care is provided at six hospitals, but health chiefs say they cannot deliver the standard of care people should expect.
Campaigners in Thanet have said they will have to travel nearly 40 miles to reach the centre in Ashford.
Protester Alex Steine said: "This is a very large community and I've recently had surgery myself so I know what sort of discomforts there are when you have to go so far away.
"People can't visit very easily."
'Clear evidence'
Another campaigner Rebecca Gordon-Nesbitt said: "Our concern is that that's not nearly close enough.
"It takes about an hour-and-a-half for people from Thanet to get to Ashford and we're told by many authorities that you should be treated for stroke within the first hour."
Dr David Hargroves, clinical lead for the stroke review and senior stroke consultant at East Kent Hospitals NHS, said: "There is clear evidence that patients benefit most from being treated at a hyper-acute stroke unit in the first 72 hours after their stroke, even if that means ambulances driving past the nearest A&E department to get to one."
A shortlist of possible locations for services has been set out.
Health chiefs said no preferred option would be identified until all the evidence and data had been considered, along with feedback from the public consultation.
NASCAR is examining what penalties to issue when teams don't pass inspection before qualifying, will have a different inspection procedure this weekend at Martinsville and remains committed to inspecting cars at the R&D Center, a series official said Monday.
Scott Miller, senior vice president of competition, made the comments on “The Morning Drive” on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio.
Thirteen cars did not make a qualifying attempt Friday at Auto Club Speedway because they failed to pass inspection in time. Among the drivers who started at the rear in Sunday's race because of that were Denny Hamlin, Jimmie Johnson, Chase Elliott, Clint Bowyer, Aric Almirola, William Byron, Kasey Kahne, Daniel Suarez and Alex Bowman.
They would have had an advantage with starting on sticker tires while those who qualified had run laps on their tires. Auto Club Speedway's surface wears tires. Fresher tires produce faster speeds.
NASCAR decided to allow teams that qualified to purchase a sticker set to start the race on, so every team would be on equal footing. For the Xfinity race, NASCAR stated that any team that didn't pass inspection before qualifying would be forced to pass through pit road at the start of the race. Every car passed inspection.
“Moving forward, I'm not sure either thing will be where we land, but we certainly will be working on something to keep from having to react like that at the race track,'' Miller said.
At Martinsville this weekend, NASCAR will not have inspection before qualifying. Instead, cars will be inspected after Saturday's qualifying. That inspection also will serve as inspection before the race since cars will be impounded after qualifying.
If any team fails inspection, their qualifying time will be disallowed and they will start at the rear of the field for Sunday's race at Martinsville.
“We're actually kind of looking forward to that as a way forward actually,'' Miller said on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. “It would be really good if we could get it down to one major inspection for the weekend moving forward.''
Miller also addressed the issue of if NASCAR would consider no longer inspecting cars at the R&D Center a few days after the event but complete the inspection process at the track.
Twice this month, NASCAR has announced penalties that were discovered at the R&D Center three days after that particular race.
“We're looking at a lot of different things that potentially could be something different,'' Miller said. “We want to make sure that we're doing a thorough job of inspecting the race cars and right now the R&D Center is our best avenue for doing that.''
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
Now that we're halfway through February, it's time to look ahead to what's premiering in March.
In the past, tradition held that midseason shows bowed in January (and sometimes February). But with the plethora of TV available nowadays (broadcast, cable, streaming), the equation has changed a bit — hence new shows premiering as the winter months slowly morph into spring.
Here's a look at the prime-time network shows coming down the pike next month. (Hint: time travel is big.)
March 1:
“Chicago Justice” (NBC)
As its title implies, “Chicago Justice” revolves around the prosecutors and investigators at the Cook County State's Attorney's Office. Stars Philip Winchester, Carl Weathers, Monica Barbara, Jon Seda and Joelle Carter — and is Dick Wolf's fourth Windy City entry. How long until that logistical nightmare — a “Chicago Justice” crossover episode with “Chicago PD,” “Chicago Med” and “Chicago Fire” ­— hits the air? “Chicago Justice” moves to its regular Sunday-night timeslot March 5.
March 5:
“Time After Time” (ABC)
This time travel drama revolves around a young HG Wells (Freddie Stroma) as he tools around in the time machine he created and chases his friend, Dr. John Stevenson (John Bowman) — who's suspected of being Jack the Ripper. The series incorporates storylines from some of Wells' novels (he did write “The Time Machine,” after all).
“Making History” (Fox)
Sitcom that follows three friends from two different centuries as they balance time travel (there it is again) and their everyday lives. Stars Adam Pally (“Happy Endings”), Leighton Meester (“Gossip Girl”) and Yassir Lester (“Key and Peele”).
“Feud: Bette and Joan” (FX)
Eight-episode series about the legendary feud between Hollywood legends Bette Davis (Susan Sarandon) and Joan Crawford (Jessica Lange). Judy Davis co-stars as gossip columnist (and onetime actress) Hedda Hopper.
March 7:
“Trial & Error” (NBC)
Sitcom about a New York lawyer (Nicholas D'Agosto) who's transplanted to a small Southern town to defend an eccentric poetry professor (John Lithgow) accused of killing his wife. (He put 911 on hold because the cable guy was calling.) Sherri Shepherd, Jayma Mays, Steven Boyer and Krysta Rodriguez co-star.
March 9:
“Kicking & Screaming” (Fox)
New reality competition series teams 10 expert survivalists with “pampered partners” in the Fiji jungle as they face tough challenges together — and compete for a $500,000 cash prize.
March 22:
“Shots Fired” (Fox)
This 10-episode “event series” delves into the aftermath of two racially charged shootings in a small Southern town. A-list cast includes Mack Wilds (“The Wire”), Sanaa Lathan, Stephan James, Helen Hunt (her first TV role in forever), Richard Dreyfuss and Stephen Moyer.
THEY'RE BAA-AAACK …
Here's a look at some notable shows returning in March:
March 5:
“Little Big Shots” and “Shades of Blue” (NBC)
“The Last Man on Earth” (Fox)
March 7
“The Americans” (FX)
March 8
“Underground” (WGN America)
“Designated Survivor” (ABC)
“Survivor” (CBS)
March 9
“The Catch” and “American Crime” (ABC)
March 17
“The Originals” (The CW)
“Animals” (HBO)
March 19
“Into the Badlands” (AMC)
March 22
“Empire” (Fox)
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (WFLA) – Five-year-old Elija Hinger is an active, curious kindergartner at New Heights Elementary in St. Petersburg.
Monday afternoon at dismissal, he hopped on a bus instead of waiting for his mom.
So when April Wise arrived to pick him up, he wasn't there.
“I waited 10 minutes and I'm like, ‘he's still not here. Where is my son?'” she asked.
She didn't know about the bus ride. April called her husband, Chris, at work.
“She said, ‘the school lost Elija,'” said Chris Wise.
Chris couldn't believe what he was hearing.
“I started freaking out. I ran upstairs and I told my boss, I said, ‘I gotta go!' He said, ‘why?' I said, ‘they lost my son,'” he said.
Before Chris got to the school, some good news arrived. Elija had gotten off the bus a few blocks away.
An alert parent noticed and flagged down a St. Petersburg police officer, who drove him back to school.
“Whoever it is out there, thank you so much for doing that good deed because I don't know where he would be right now,” said April.
“There was a very good Samaritan. I want to thank you for helping me save my son,” said Chris.
A Pinellas Schools spokesperson issued this statement:
“Pinellas County Schools is troubled by the incident at New Heights Elementary. School staff will work to understand what occurred and ensure dismissal plans are followed.”
Elija's reason for getting on the bus?
“He said he just wanted to ride the school bus today,” said Chris.
The principal called Elija's mom and apologized about this incident.
She's being promised better protocols, but April plans to move her son to a closer school.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
Delta govt to demolish illegal structures in Asaba Airport
The state governor says the move is aimed at ensuring safety at the airport
The post Delta govt to demolish illegal structures in Asaba Airport appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — The Panthers have exercised the fifth-year option on outside linebacker Shaq Thompson's contract.
Thompson is now under contract through the 2019 season.
Thompson started 14 games and had a career-high 75 tackles with six quarterback pressures and two sacks last season. Thompson is viewed as the long-term replacement for 13-year NFL veteran Thomas Davis, who may retire after next season.
The 2015 first-round draft pick from Washington has 206 tackles, three sacks, one interception, eight passes defenced and two fumble recoveries in three NFL seasons.
——
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Image copyright Getty Images
Most of Scotland's digital technology firms are optimistic about their prospects this year following strong sales in 2017, a survey has found.
Researchers said 80% of respondents expected a "positive" 2018, with nearly a third forecasting sales to increase by more than 50%.
Eight out of 10 firms surveyed by trade body ScotlandIS also expected to hire more staff in the next 12 months.
More than 200 firms took part in the Scottish Technology Industry Survey.
Nearly 70% of businesses recorded improved sales during 2017, compared with the previous year.
Increased profit margins were reported by 47% of respondents, only 1% less than in 2016.
International markets remained a key focus for Scotland's digital companies, with 64% of businesses already exporting and a further 17% planning to do so.
'Industry is thriving'
The research also highlighted a number of challenges facing the industry, including staff recruitment and retention and the impact of Brexit.
The most in-demand skills were in software and web development and commercial and business support, with about three-quarters of respondents identifying a need for these.
ScotlandIS chief executive Polly Purvis said: "This year's survey shows that Scotland's digital technology industry is thriving, with many of our businesses enjoying success at home as well as experiencing increasing overseas demand.
"The overwhelming majority of respondents are optimistic about the year ahead and are forecasting business growth.
"This is good news not just for our industry but the country as a whole as more jobs are created and investment increases across the sector."
Urban Meyer said he was serious. And the look in his eyes confirmed he wasn't kidding.
When Meyer was asked earlier this week if there had been an investigation of how starting defensive tackle Dre'Mont Jones had suffered a cut one teammate described as “a wound” when his arm made contact with his locker, he said, “We did a full investigation. I'm serious – why was it ripped on a locker and everything.”
A few minutes later, talking about the adjustment former NFL assistants like Ohio State's Bill Davis have to make when they take a college job, Meyer gave some examples of how thoroughly his staff monitors players' activities, though one of them probably was not entirely serious.
“We're checking on their classes, we're finding out who they're dating, how many potato chips there are on their plates and all that kind of stuff,” Meyer said.
It's even possible the potato chip count is real, not a joke. There was a legendary high school coach who reportedly didn't want his players to put ketchup on their food because of the high level of salt in it.
Listening to Meyer's list of things his staff wants to know, two things come to mind.
No. 1, if parents of non-athletes who go to Ohio State could get a report that comprehensive about their sons and daughters' comings and goings and friends, they would probably sign up for it tomorrow.
No. 2, there really might be no detail that gets overlooked in elite college football programs like Ohio State.
Some people enjoy the details, others don't. Some people balance their checkbooks down to the penny every month. Other people say, “Within $20? Close enough.”
But that's not what's at work here. More likely, it's all about making sure absolutely nothing has been overlooked because any loss hurts, but even more so at the level of an Ohio State or an Alabama.
As Lou Holtz told the Cleveland Plain Dealer in 2014, “When you win at their level (Ohio State and Alabama), it's a relief and you can't even enjoy it. Losing is an absolute disaster.”
No. 10 Ohio State (4-1, 2-0 Big Ten) is coming off a stretch of three games where a loss would have been an absolute disaster times 10.
OSU was expected to dominate Army, UNLV and Rutgers and it did by 31 points, 33 points and 56 points.
Some people look at those wins and deem them meaningless because Ohio State was supposed to win and win big.
But that opinion overlooks the obvious. There is no substitute for game experience. And that experience gave Ohio State's receivers, tight ends, defensive backs and offensive line a chance to become better than they were the first two games of the season in a win at Indiana and a loss to Oklahoma.
The expectation is that OSU will have to be better this week against Maryland (3-1, 1-0 Big Ten) in a Homecoming game at Ohio Stadium.
The Terrapins shocked Texas 51-41 in their season opener and knocked Minnesota from the ranks of the unbeaten last Saturday. They have a pretty solid running game and D.J. Moore is the leading receiver in the Big Ten with 30 catches in four games.
However, they also allow 30 points a game and their top two quarterbacks have been lost for the season because of ACL injuries.
Ohio State still has issues to address but it appears to have made some progress, regardless of the level of competition the last three weeks.
With D.J. Durkin in charge of Maryland's football program, it could challenge Ohio State, Michigan and Penn State in the Big Ten's East Division someday.
But not this year. It's too soon.
The prediction: Ohio State 38, Maryland 17.
—
Reach Jim Naveau at 567-242-0414 or on Twitter at @Lima_Naveau.
Daniele De Rossi felt Roma had a "blackout" against Liverpool at Anfield and were punished by their opponents' persistent long balls forward.
Eusebio Di Francesco's side lost 5-2 in the first leg of their semi-final tie, meaning they must replicate their 3-0 win over Barcelona in the quarter-final second leg if they are to progress to the final.
Liverpool were 5-0 up with 68 minutes played, with Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino scoring twice and Sadio Mane also on the scoresheet, as the visitors failed to deal with the Reds' quick-fire passes to the front three.
67' | 🔄 | A double substitution from #ASRoma...
❌⬅️ Daniele De Rossi & Juan Jesus
➡️✅ Maxime Gonalons & Diego Perotti
#LFCRoma 4⃣-0⃣ pic.twitter.com/YluOs0IS9M — AS Roma English (@ASRomaEN) April 24, 2018
However, late goals from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti gave the visitors some hope ahead of the return fixture in the Italian capital, and De Rossi is refusing to give up.
"We have to hold on to what we did in the quarter-finals," he told Mediaset Premium. "That tells us it's not impossible and that we have a duty to try, for ourselves and, above all, the people who love Roma.
"The only difference is that, against Barcelona, I felt it was an unlucky game, with dubious incidents. We had a good first 20-25 minutes here, then we were less good at covering the space, but it's difficult to do that when they're much faster than you.
Liverpool put on a clinic, but Roma aren't dead just yet.
Check out the 90' in 90"👇 pic.twitter.com/8MZw6wM2Bf — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) April 24, 2018
"It's not right to put conceding so many goals on the defence. We all played very aggressively, even though we had the feeling of being able to affect little in midfield because they often bypassed it. They constantly went for the long ball, from any area of the pitch.
"Today was a case of our blackout and their great quality. It won't be easy, but we have to start from here. It's not impossible and we know that."
De Rossi also praised the performance of Salah, his former team-mate having produced arguably his best performance of a spectacular season, with two goals and two assists.
"We know Salah well, we know he is a great player as well as a great person," he said. "He's improved his quality in the final third and he's becoming decisive, as we thought he would."
The hammer wielded by Chris Hemsworth's Thor and Jack Nicholson's Joker costume from Batman are among the pieces of movie memorabilia set to be sold at auction.
The purple suit and white mask with green hair and the huge hammer are expected to fetch between £20,000 and £30,000 each when they are sold at Prop Store's entertainment memorabilia live auction on September 26, which features pieces of film history collectively worth between £2 million and £3 million.
The helmet worn by Chris Pratt as Star Lord Peter Quill in Guardians of the Galaxy is expected to fetch between £30,000 and £50,000 while the helmet and tunic worn by Ian McKellen to play Magneto in the 2000's X-Men is expected to fetch between £20,000 and £30,000.
The tunic worn by Christopher Reeve in Superman IV: The Quest For Peace in 1987 is expected to sell for more than £8,000 while the Catwoman costume worn by Julie Newmar in the Batman TV series between 1966 and 1969 is poised to fetch more than £15,000.
Film fans will be able to see 300 of the lots when they go on display at the BFI IMAX in London on September 7.
Stephen Lane, CEO of Prop Store, said: "We all love a good superhero and we're thrilled to be featuring such super props and costumes in our upcoming auction.
"If you're a fan of Marvel or DC, heroes or villains, blockbusters or the classics, we've got you covered with items from the nostalgic 1960s Batman series to the contemporary Guardians of the Galaxy."
The auction will be livestreamed online and registration and bidding is now open. Bids can be placed online at www.propstore.com/liveauction or over the phone or in person.
Prop Store's entertainment memorabilia live auction, presented by Odeon, will take place at the BFI IMAX Waterloo on September 26 at 12pm.
Martin O'Neill will give striker Sean Maguire the chance to prove he is ready for international football after calling him up to the senior squad for the first time.
The 23-year-old, who joined Championship side Preston from Cork City last month, has been touted as a possible new face for several months with Robbie Keane's retirement from international football having left a gap which is yet to be plugged.
O'Neill has previously resisted the clamour, but included Maguire in a provisional 39-man party for next month's qualifiers against Georgia and Serbia when he named it earlier today.
"I have seen a bit more of him now and it's a chance for him to come into the group and feel a bit more comfortable with it," said O'Neill at the press conference.
"That's the way to give him a chance to be really ready when he finally does make a debut."
O'Neill will reduce his squad before getting to work in earnest in Dublin on 28 August ahead of the trip to Tbilisi on 2 September and the home clash with the Serbs which follows three days later.
Ireland currently sit in second place in Group D behind Serbia on goal difference knowing September's double header could have a major say in their fate.
Maguire is likely to have to remain patient with Jonathan Walters, Shane Long, Daryl Murphy, David McGoldrick and Kevin Doyle currently ahead of him in the pecking order.
But with 20 Airtricity League goals for Cork to his name this season before he headed for Deepdale, he has demonstrated a potency which both club and country will hope he can carry forward.
Rob Elliott started for Newcastle in their opening Premier League encounter at the weekend
Maguire is joined in the 39 by uncapped duo Matt Doherty of Wolves and Reading's Liam Kelly, but it is the return of Rob Elliot, Paul McShane, Ciaran Clark, James McCarthy, Stephen Quinn, David Meyler, Shane Long and Kevin Doyle, who all missed the games against Mexico, Uruguay and Austria at the end of season, which has perhaps given greater cause for optimism.
There have been significant summer moves too for key members of the squad, including new Middlesbrough keeper Darren Randolph, Aston Villa midfielder Glenn Whelan and Walters, who has joined Robbie Brady, Jeff Hendrick, Stephen Ward and Kevin Long at Burnley.
O'Neill said: "All that's good for us. We want our players playing as much as possible. Now we just have to hope that as many of the players will be able to turn up for the games after they have two or three more matches for their club.
"You are always hoping that everyone will be available."
One man who is unlikely to see action for his country until 2018 is skipper Seamus Coleman as he continues his recovery from a double leg fracture.
However, Everton's revelation that he has been able to step up his rehabilitation in recent days was welcomed by his international manager.
O'Neill said: "I spoke to him 10 days ago and he said he was coming back well from the leg break. It's early days yet, but it is really encouraging."
Mississippi lawmakers are turning their attention to one of their biggest jobs this session — deciding how to spend taxpayers' money.
They will plug some holes in the budget for the year that ends June 30. And, they will set new spending levels for fiscal 2018, which begins July 1.
The deadline to agree on budgets is in late March.
State tax collections have lagged behind expectations the past several months. That means early budget proposals are relatively modest.
Agencies could be told to limit their travel expenses and to delay the purchase of vehicles. Jobs that have been vacant for several months could be eliminated.
The Division of Medicaid and the Department of Corrections are among the agencies requesting more cash for the current year.
Domain hosting company GoDaddy said Monday that neo-Nazi website the Daily Stormer has 24 hours to find a new provider before its service is canceled following the publication of a disparaging article about the woman killed in the Charlottesville protests.
Shortly after the announcement, the Daily Stormer — the top hate site in America, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center — appeared to be hacked by activist group Anonymous.
On Sunday, the Daily Stormer published an article about Heather Heyer, who died after a vehicle plowed into a group of counter-protesters demonstrating against white supremacists.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Protests Against Charlottesville Violence and White Nationalists Break Out Across the United States 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A Twitter user flagged the offensive content by taking a screengrab of the article, and tweeting it at GoDaddy.
The article, which had the byline of the Daily Stormer's founder Andrew Anglin, mocked Heyer's looks and degraded her for not being a mother.
It also elevated the suspected driver, James Alex Fields, Jr., saying, “despite the cool demeanor he shows in his social media profile pictures, it appears that road rage got the best of him.”
“We have informed the Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. If no action is taken after 24 hours, we will cancel the service,” GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race wrote in an email to NBC News.
Race also noted that GoDaddy does not host the Daily Stormer on its servers — it only hosts the domain.
The Daily Stormer, which takes its name from the gutter Nazi propaganda sheet known as “Der Stürmer,” promotes anti-Semitism, neo-Nazism, and white nationalism, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center.
In the past, GoDaddy said it could not disable the Daily Stormer's domain or that of other neo-Nazi website, because of Anglin and others' First Amendment right and freedom of speech.
The homepage of the Daily Stormer appears to have been hacked by Anonymous. Daily Stormer
“Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service,” Race said.
Following the article about Heyer and the announcement that GoDaddy would be ending the Daily Stormer's service, the site appeared to have been hacked by internet activist group Anonymous.
Related: Sessions Says Dept. of Justice Will Defend Protesters Against ‘Racism and Bigotry'
An article with Anonymous' signature Guy Fawkes mask appeared at the top of the page on Monday morning with a headline reading, “END OF HATE: ANONYMOUS NOW IN CONTROL OF DAILY STORMER.”
“WE HAVE TAKEN THIS SITE IN THE NAME OF HEATHER HEYER A VICTIM OF WHITE SUPREMACIST TERRORISM,” a note on the site says. “FOR TOO LONG THE DAILY STORMER AND ANDREW ANGLIN HAVE SPEWED THEIR PUTRID HATE ON THIS SITE. THAT WILL NOT BE HAPPENING ANYMORE.”
The message goes on to say Anonymous is only leaving the site up for another 24 hours so people can witness the hate, but will shut it down permanently following that.
However, an Anonymous Twitter account noted that it could not verify the authenticity of the hack and warned its followers to “remain cautious.”
Reuben Arthur to use BUCS Nationals as springboard to future success
Reuben Arthur is hoping to break the 6.70 second barrier for 60m indoors, starting with the BUCS National. Picture: ZAINAB SHAIKH Archant
Hackney runner Reuben Arthur is eyeing up his first taste of BUCS Nationals as a breakthrough competition – safe in the knowledge that he is tantalising close to being among the world's best.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Reuben Arthur is hoping to break the 6.70 second barrier for 60m indoors, starting with the BUCS National. Picture: ZAINAB SHAIKH Reuben Arthur is hoping to break the 6.70 second barrier for 60m indoors, starting with the BUCS National. Picture: ZAINAB SHAIKH
The 60m sprinter heads to Sheffield brimming with confidence, with bettering his 6.71s personal best firmly in his sights after a consistent start to the current campaign.
Starting on Friday the BUCS Nationals will see more than 6,000 students from across the country descend on the Steel City for three action-packed days of sport.
And with just two-hundredths of a second preventing the 20-year-old from breaking the 6.70s barrier, Arthur is certainly harbouring tangible ambitions.
“In sprinting, it's important to get that consistency and I think I've found that,” he said. “I'm on the level that I can think I can run consistently but now I'm keen to keep that going and to run even faster.
“You can always drop a bit more, but for Nationals I want to go in with the mentality that I can win the competition, and I know if I have that mindset then I can push myself to get those times.
“I'll be lying if I said I didn't have the aim, I'm so close to getting to 6.69 which would put me among the best in the world. So if I can get that at BUCS Nationals it would be fantastic.”
British Universities & Colleges Sport (BUCS) is the national governing body for Higher Education (HE) sport in the UK, organising leagues and competitions for more than 150 institutions across 52 different sports. BUCS Nationals is the UK's largest annual multi-sport event, bringing over 6,000 athletes to Sheffield to compete in nine sports.
Gone are the excuses of empty pockets because you always have your phone on you! Thanks to the invention of mobile payment apps, you can pay bills, split tabs, and send money to friends and family at the touch of a button. Hook your credit or debit card up to one of these apps and let the magic happen—just be sure you understand how it works and you know how to use your app safely. (Speaking of which, do you know about these seven online scams?)
Lucky for you, we whipped up this helpful chart to make sense out of all those new mobile payment apps out there. Pin it so your pals can be in the know too!
Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com
PayPal
Free to send/receive money to friends within the U.S., but business transactions (like eBay) cost 2.9% plus $0.30 USD of the amount sent/received
Use this app (on BlackBerry, iOS and Android) to transfer money to friends with accounts, usually within 1 to 2 business days, via a bank account, credit, or debit card (using a credit card incurs a 3% fee)
Sending money is like writing an email: You post what it's for, then add the amount to transfer.
Google Wallet
Put all your cards on a smartphone, which you can tap on machines at supporting checkouts within the U.S. to pay for purchases (add a 2.9% fee for linking to a bank account or debit card)
Spend funds as soon as you receive them—no waiting
Square Cash
Like Venmo: Send or receive cash through an app, site, or by email, though payments can take longer
Users 18 and over can send money through Snapchat's texting service
Facebook Messenger
Link a debit card to your account; then tap the $ sign when you're in Messenger and enter the amount to send
Money transfers can take up to three business days
Apple Pay
Before the start of the 2018 Six Nations tournament, BBC Sport asked the coaches and captains some 'important' life questions.
READ MORE: How to follow Six Nations coverage across the BBC
Watch live coverage of Wales v Scotland from 13:45 GMT & France v Ireland from 16:15 GMT on BBC On and listen to radio commentary on BBC Radio 5 live sports extra and online.
SAN JOSE, Calif. — A Southwest Airlines jet made an emergency landing in California following reports that a passenger lit up a cigarette in a bathroom.
Southwest says Flight 1250 from Los Angeles to San Francisco was diverted Wednesday.
The plane landed safely at San Jose Mineta International Airport, about 50 miles south of San Francisco.
The airline says the passenger accused of smoking was turned over to law enforcement.
The remaining 32 passengers were placed on other aircraft to continue their trips.
NEW YORK: Brook Lopez scored 19 points in his return to Brooklyn, making the Lakers' final basket with 1:28 left to help Los Angeles hold on for a 102-99 victory over the Nets on Friday night.The Nets' career leader in scoring and blocked shots also had a big block down the stretch as the Lakers did just enough to avoid a third straight loss.Julius Randle had 19 points and 12 rebounds, and Brandon Ingram added 16 points, 10 assists and eight rebounds for the Lakers. Josh Hart finished with 15 points and 14 rebounds, helping Los Angeles to a 56-38 advantage on the boards.Spencer Dinwiddie had 23 points, nine assists and seven rebounds for the Nets. Rookie Jarrett Allen, playing the center spot Lopez occupied for nine seasons in New Jersey and later Brooklyn before getting dealt to Los Angeles in the trade that brought D'Angelo Russell to Brooklyn, had a season-best 20 points.Allen was 6 for 6 for 16 points in the first half, but Lopez answered with 12 points in the third quarter, going 5 for 5 from the field with a pair of 3-pointers to send the teams to the fourth tied at 85.The Lakers shut the Nets out for more than five minutes while scoring 11 straight to open a 96-87 lead, but then went cold as the Nets pulled to 99-97. Neither team scored for more than a minute until Lopez made it a four-point game, and the Nets couldn't get a tying 3-pointer after Randle made a free throw with 8.9 seconds left.
Tech titans race to replace your smartphone with this device You might think that you can't live without your smartphone, but tech companies like Apple, Google and Facebook expect you to do just that in the not-too-distant future. The titans...
Smart glasses that actually look stylish could still happen A report last week said that Intel is looking to sell its augmented reality (AR) smart glasses as soon as this year, but the company is still shopping for partners...
Magic Leap debuts augmented reality glasses After six years of R&D and nearly $2 billion in investments, Magic Leap has finally unveiled its first product. On Wednesday, Magic Leap updated its Web site to give the...
Now you can watch the Mets lose with augmented reality The New York Mets are wrapping up a forgettable season, but that's not keeping the franchise from trying to give its fans a good time at Citi Field. Starting Monday,...
Inside the Woodstock of tech San Jose is a funny place. “It's like one giant mall,” my breakfast partner and fellow journalist at this year's Apple Worldwide Developer Conference muses. He's not wrong: It's a...
Apple aims to bring back Google Glass-esque device Over the weekend, a Reddit user with the handle Foxconninsider released a treasure trove of information regarding a number of new products Apple has in the pipeline. While most of the...
Facebook shares 'delicious' plans for augmented reality Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has seen the future — and it's “delicious.” Or so he declared in his keynote address on Tuesday at the social network's annual F8 Developer Conference....
You can quit your job and play Pokémon Go for a living Pokémon Go might have peaked in terms of daily active users, but if you want proof that the game is still a massive hit, look no further than this job...
Your Pokémon Go addiction is very bad for your brain You might think you're so addicted to playing Pokémon Go because you loved Pokémon growing up, but that's not the only reason. It appears there's a scientific explanation for why the...
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said Wednesday that players on the field who do not stand and "show respect" during the national anthem will be subject to discipline.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said Wednesday that players on the field who do not stand and "show respect" during the national anthem will be subject to discipline.
NFL to require all on-field players to stand for national anthem
NFL to require all on-field players to stand for national anthem
Plaintiffs' lawyers contend the league is not awarding settlement funds fast enough. So far, $227 million in claims have been awarded. (Source: Raycom Media)
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A federal judge in Philadelphia heard arguments Wednesday in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
The league last month cited an independent study it said found that more than 400 claims had been recommended for denial based on evidence of fraud by attorneys, doctors and former players.
Plaintiffs' lawyers contend the league is not awarding settlement funds fast enough, and at least two of the attorneys Wednesday said the investigator is unnecessary.
The league says attempts to scam the system are responsible for delays.
The NFL has asked that the investigator be granted subpoena power and the ability to compel testimony to determine whether more punitive actions are necessary upon fraud findings.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ponemon told NBC News he was not surprised that Zuckerberg's performance before Congress did not move the needle upward.
“I don't care if he was the most eloquent, the smartest privacy guy in the world, there was no positive outcome that could have been achieved,” Ponemon said.
Other key findings
Most people who use social media realize their information is being collected and shared or sold. That's Facebook's business model.
“It is all about economics,” wrote one of the Ponemon survey respondents. “Facebook doesn't see any value in protecting the privacy of its users.”
“It is foolish to believe Facebook or any other [social network] would be committed to protecting my privacy,” another said.
The majority of respondents made it clear that they want Facebook to tell them when something happens to their data. Remember, users only found out about the Cambridge Analytica breach, which took place in 2015, when it was reported by ITN Channel 4 News and written up in The New York Times.
The survey revealed that 67 percent believe Facebook has “an obligation” to protect them if their personal information is lost or stolen and 66 percent believe the company should compensate them if that happens.
Facebook users also expressed the desire to have more control over their data: Sixty-six percent say they have a right not to be tracked by Facebook, up from 55 percent before the breach. Sixty-five percent want the company to disclose how it uses the personal information it collects.
Facebook did not respond to a NBC News request for a response to the Ponemon survey.
In late March, Facebook announced steps to make its privacy policies more transparent. A central hub will make it easier for users to see their privacy settings and to find out what data they're sharing and which companies are collecting it.
Will upset Facebook users pull the plug?
Nine percent of those surveyed by Ponemon said they had already stopped using Facebook. Another 31 percent said they were very likely/likely to stop or to use it less.
Will they actually do that? Probably not, Ponemon said. And other experts agree.
“Just because people say they're concerned about their privacy doesn't necessarily mean it will affect their behavior,” said Robert Blattberg, a professor of marketing at Carnegie Mellon University's Tepper School of Business. “If you look at these kinds of events, people get all upset about it and then their behavior doesn't change very much.”
It really gets into the benefits of Facebook — which is ingrained in so many people's lives — and if users see a viable alternative. Instagram may seem like a better choice, but it's owned by Facebook.
“At first, I thought about closing my Facebook account, but quickly realized that starting anew with another [social network] would take lots of effort. Also, other company's privacy practices are likely to be just like Facebook anyway,” wrote one of the survey respondents.
“I am very disappointed in Facebook, but I'm willing to give the company a second chance,” another said.
Even so, a small percentage change in the number of people who use Facebook — a drop of 3 or 4 percent — could “significantly impact their profitability,” Blattberg told NBC News.
Nuala O'Connor, president and CEO of the Center for Democracy & Technology, doesn't think people should delete their Facebook accounts to send a message to the company.
“This is a major platform that is important to people for connection and community,” O'Connor said. “I think a more reasonable response is to change your privacy settings. I also think the onus is on Facebook to be more transparent.”
Is more government regulation needed?
In his appearances before Congress last week, Zuckerberg said he was open to regulations, telling lawmakers, "My position is not that there should be no regulation. I think the real question, as the internet becomes more important in people's lives, is what is the right regulation, not whether there should be or not."
Blattberg said legislation is “the biggest risk” Facebook faces as a result of the Cambridge Analytica fiasco. If users were required to opt in — to affirmatively give Facebook permission to have their data collected, shared or sold — it could disrupt the company's business model. The impact would be felt by every online website and service that's free to use for those willing to give up their privacy.
The Facebook users surveyed by Ponemon clearly see the need for government action. More than half (54 percent) said new rules are needed to protect privacy when accessing the internet.
For years, consumer advocates have called on Congress to pass strong online privacy regulations, but lawmakers have been unwilling to act. And few consumer advocates expect any meaningful legislation to come from a Congress focused on reducing regulations.
O'Connor, on the other hand, believes this may be “the watershed moment” that prods congressional action.
“I think that the time has come for this country to consider baseline, comprehensive data privacy legislation,” she said.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
HAMILTON, N.Y. (AP) Mark Gasperini had 15 points and 10 rebounds, and American overcame poor free-throw shooting to beat Colgate 67-64 in overtime on Monday.
The Eagles were just 13 of 31 (41.9 percent) at the stripe, including 2 of 6 in the final 40 seconds of regulation.
American was up by two and had Delante Jones at the line with eight seconds left in regulation, but he missed two. Colgate grabbed the rebound and Sean O'Brien's turnaround jumper bounced high off the rim and it fell through to tie it. He was fouled on the play but his free throw with 0.9 seconds left was short.
Colgate didn't make its first field goal of overtime until Tom Rivard's basket in the lane at the 1:04 mark. After Alex Paquin missed two free throws, Rivard completed a 3-point play to tie it at 64. American split a pair at the line on its next three possessions – the last with five seconds left – and Colgate had a decent look at the buzzer but Francisco Amiel's 3 was off the mark.
Sa'eed Nelson and Jones added 10 points apiece for American (4-9, 1-1 Patriot League).
O'Brien had five 3-pointers and 21 points, and Will Rayman scored 13 of his 15 points in the first half for Colgate (3-12, 1-1).
Robin Muchetu, Senior Reporter
LOVE, infidelity, abuse and death!
These words can sum up the callous killing of three sisters in New Magwegwe suburb in Bulawayo last week, an incident that has sent tongues wagging with many wondering what could really have pushed someone to commit such a crime.
The murder of Ashley Phiri (21) by her husband, Carlos Tinashe Chapeyama (23) a soldier together with her siblings Nkosivumile Ncube and Rita Nkomo has left residents of New Magwegwe dumbfounded. Chapeyama allegedly opened fire on his four victims between Wednesday midnight and Thursday morning last week but the fourth victim, his 18-month-old son, Tlowi survived the attack. Carlos, after the blood-curdling attack turned the gun on himself in a botched attempt to kill himself.
A visit to New Magwegwe yesterday revealed a sad, scared and worried community. Young people could be seen lingering on street corners discussing the issue, old women hand in jaw as they tried to come to terms with the gruesome murder.
Relatives of the deceased were not in a position to speak to this reporter as they felt betrayed by media reports on what transpired on the fateful day.
“Please bantu be media sixoleleni, asilifuni lapha ngoba lilamanga. Labhala izinto ezingayisizo ngendaba leyi,” said a woman who was at the home.
She then went inside the yard and announced that the mourners and family should not entertain the news crew. A vehicle with other relatives was at the gate and they said they were leaving for the mortuary where they were to meet ZNA officers and promised to give an interview later in the day to clarify issues but they never did.
Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Church Bulawayo Diocese Alex Thomas visited the bereaved family who were members of the Roman Catholic Church to console them.
“I am here to console them and pray for them because we belong to each other. It is very sad to hear of this, we are all shocked because it happened all of a sudden without anyone expecting it. My message is let us solve our problems with dialogue, patience and prayer. Let us communicate our problems with the elders of the family and the church because problems are there everywhere but everything can be solved if we open up. Again in marriages there are so many issues, stresses and challenges but everything can be solved if we trust in God,” he said.
Some neighbours who spoke to Sunday News said Chapeyama was a coward.
“He is a coward, a big one, why did he not hit the bull's eye and shoot himself in the head or chest where he was surely going to die? He developed cold feet after realising he had killed people, that is why he aimed for his stomach,” said one elderly man.
Others are “praying” for his speedy recovery.
“Carlos must recover quickly and face the music; he deserves to live and be punished severely for his crime. He cannot take away innocent lives just like that,” said one woman.
Another youthful man from the same area said he heard the gunshots in the morning of the killings.
“I heard the shots but I ignored because I thought it was the electricity poles outside that had exploded as we had no power that time. So I went back to sleep. Later on that is when we heard some commotion and we went to investigate and we saw the girls lying dead on the floor. It hurts because we grew up together with Ashley and her sisters, we actually attended Magwegwe Secondary School together,” he said.
However, it is said Chapeyama arrived in the area earlier in the day.
“Carlos came and he was harassing people at the beer hall that same afternoon. He went to the women who sell isitshwala and he was demanding that they sell him some food and they did. He was armed with a screwdriver, an AK47 and a pick and that is what he used to gain entry into the house,” claimed a resident.
He was said to have been intoxicated as he was drinking alcohol while in full military gear and actually brushed shoulders with other patrons, while asking his wife's whereabouts.
“He came to scan the area, he was looking for his wife as she is said to have run away from him and had not disclosed where she was staying. She had run away three months prior to the day she was killed. He found out that she was there at her grandmother's house and he pounced on her in the dead of the night,” said the resident.
According to sources close to the happenings Chapeyama was known as the son-in-law but he had not paid any bride price and was not a favourite of the family because of his violent nature.
“Ashley was always coming back home fleeing that violent man. She complained all the time about abuse but he would sweet talk her and she would go back. It is sad that it has had come to this,” said the source.
Other neighbours also concurred that Chapeyema was seen in the neighbourhood that afternoon and the family spoke to him.
“When he came to the house he was told to bring elders so that they solve their problem and he went away. He went only to return in the night and killed the girls. The police were also warned that afternoon that Carlos was likely to cause problems after he had visited but they did not react but look at what has happened now,” said a neighbour.
She left behind a six-year-old child.
Professor Claude Mararike, a lecturer in Sociology at the University of Zimbabwe said Chapeyama could have been influenced by a number of things.
“This man could have been possessed by a demonic force or he was under the influence of alcohol and drugs that saw him lose his mind momentarily,” he said.
Prof Mararike went on: “Another dimension is that being African people we send mamhepo/imimoya to each other and these cause havoc in the life of the receiver. So this man got aggrieved by something we are yet to find out and decided to kill his victims. Failure to get counselling over the matter then pushed him to commit the crime. Had he been assisted by members of his clan he would probably not have committed the crime.”
Prof Mararike, however, said the soldier now has possibly invited ngozi/ingozi which will affect his clan if not dealt with.
“Now that pava nengozi it is not only going to haunt him alone but the rest of the family is now involved, it becomes generational if he does not pay retribution to the other family. He may be tried in a court of law which is a European style of dealing with murder but in our African context he will not be done if he appears in court only. He now has to appease the spirits of the deceased people or face being haunted,” he added.
Culturalist Mr Pathisa Nyathi said the murder was committed in such a manner because the perpetrator had reduced his wife to a sub-human.
“Man does not kill another man, what he does is to reduce the other to a sub-human so as to take away the guilt. He may have thought to himself — I want to kill that dog — already he no longer valued her life or humanness, that is why he came all the way armed with a gun to kill. The other sisters were also categorised as such because of them being siblings,” he said.
Mpilo Central Hospital clinical director Mr Solwayo Ngwenya said both Carlos and Tlowi were on the path to full recovery.
Provisional burial arrangements are set for tomorrow in Bulawayo.
Russian pilot may have yelled about mechanical problem before crash A pilot of a Russian military plane that crashed with 92 people aboard — including 64 members of the Red Army Choir — was heard in a cockpit conversation yelling about...
Black box recovered from Russian plane crash One of the black boxes from the Russian military plane that crashed into the Black Sea with 92 people aboard – including 64 members of the famed Russian Atmy Choir...
Noise heard in final second before Russian plane crashed The Russian airliner that crashed in Egypt left debris covering an 8-mile area – a sign “consistent with an in-flight break up,” the head of the commission investigating the crash...
Cargo ship lost in Hurricane Joaquin found at bottom of sea JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — Federal investigators have positively identified the wreckage found 15,000 feet deep in the sea as that of the ill-fated cargo ship El Faro. The National Transportation Safety...
American mom, daughter killed in France plane crash Two Americans were aboard the doomed Germanwings airliner that mysteriously crashed in the French Alps on Tuesday – killing all 150 people aboard, the airline's CEO announced Wednesday.
Schumer pushes ‘black boxes' for truckers in wake of Morgan crash As comic Tracy Morgan remains hospitalized from a crash involving an allegedly exhausted trucker, US Sen. Charles Schumer says the feds have to speed up efforts to keep tired drivers...
7 things to watch this week Modern Family (Wednesday, 9 p.m., ABC) A two-part gay wedding is a lot for anyone to deal with: It's bound to be a bumpy night. The chaos surrounding Mitch and Cam's...
Don't miss: Draper goes back to Cali, 'Modern' dad distracted ‘Game of Thrones' Dany (Emilia Clarke) weighs justice and mercy. Jaime (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau) tasks Brienne (Gwendoline Christie) with his honor. Jon Stark (Kit Harrington) secures volunteers, while Bran (Isaac...
'Black Box' records a solid start to the series “Black Box” has nothing to do with airplanes or rescue missions — at least not in the way you might imagine. The title of this new ABC series refers to...
That was the final bit of unraveling for the Yankees that began hours earlier when Manager Joe Girardi pulled C.C. Sabathia with one out in the sixth, even though the left-hander had recovered from a rocky start to retire 12 of 13 batters., His pitch count was only at 77.
The toll of Tuesday's wild-card win by the Yankees — when the starter Luis Severino got only one out before the game was turned over to the bullpen — then appeared to kick in.
Green had been one of the Yankees' most reliable relievers in the second half of the season, but he had been forced to throw 41 pitches in helping to bail out Severino. And facing Lindor, with the bases loaded, he proceeded to give up his first home run since July 27, a blast that hit off the right-field foul pole and sent Lindor on a joyous trip around the bases.
Meanwhile, Robertson, who threw a career-high 52 pitches on Tuesday, had not allowed a home run since July 29. But Bruce, whom the Yankees tried in vain to acquire from the Mets in August, continued to torment them for the second consecutive night. After driving in three runs in Thursday's Game 1 win, he blasted a 3-1 pitch from Robertson deep into the left-center field bleachers to tie it at 8-8.
The Yankees had two good chances to regain the lead, but Cleveland's side-arming right-hander, Joe Smith, froze Sanchez with a called third strike to end the ninth with Todd Frazier on third. Cody Allen then retired Chase Headley on a groundout with runners at the corners to end the 10th inning.
The most crushing unfulfilled opportunity came in the 11th when Torreyes, sent in to pinch run for Frazier, who had reached second on a two-base error, was picked off by the rifle-armed Gomes, who threw from behind the plate on his knees.
The Indians had a threat in the 10th against Aroldis Chapman, whose off-balance throw on Jackson's dribbler caromed into the camera well, with Jackson awarded second base. But Chapman escaped.
Photo
The Yankees had built an 8-3 lead on the backs of the home runs from Sanchez and Hicks and one from Greg Bird. But it was not enough.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After Green replaced Sabathia with one out in the sixth and a runner on first, he got a second out but then gave up a ringing double off the left-field wall to Gomes, putting runners on second and third.
Pinch-hitter Lonnie Chisenhall was then awarded first base when he was hit on the hand by a pitch from Green, or so home-plate umpire Dan Iassogna ruled. But Sanchez immediately signaled to the Yankees' dugout to check the replays, certain that it had hit Chisenhall's bat.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Brett Weber, the coaching assistant who monitors replays for the Yankees, is regarded as one of the best in baseball and during the three years that the replay system has been implemented, the Yankees have consistently had one of the best challenge rates in baseball.
Though replays appeared to show the ball hitting the knob of Chisenhall's bat, the Yankees chose not to have the play reviewed. At which point, Lindor came to plate and carved away almost all of the Yankees' lead with one swing.
The Yankees faced a formidable task in Game 2 after having been stifled by Trevor Bauer and two relievers in the series opener. They had to deal with Kluber, a leading Cy Young Award candidate who had dominated them in two victories in August.
Girardi said before the game there were two keys to beating Kluber, who had allowed one earned run in his last four starts: hitting his mistakes and grinding out at-bats.
The Yankees excelled on both counts. Sanchez, who had homered off Kluber here in early August, hit a two-run homer to center. In the third, Sanchez looped a one-out single to right but after Didi Gregorius grounded out, Kluber could not finish the inning.
Castro lashed a singled to left and Bird followed by stroking a single to right, scoring Sanchez. With left-hander Tyler Olson warming up, Kluber was given the opportunity to face Hicks, who had struck out in his first at-bat. But this time, he clubbed a 3-2 fastball into the right-field seats and suddenly the Yankees were ahead, 6-3. It was the shortest outing of the season for Kluber.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The game had turned in the Yankees' favor the inning before. . The Indians, already having seized a 3-2 lead, had the bases loaded, one out and their best hitter — Jose Ramirez — at the plate.
But after a visit from pitching coach Larry Rothschild and with Green hustling to get loose in the bullpen, Sabathia fell behind Ramirez two balls and one strike.
But the next pitch, a slider, ran in on Ramirez's hands and jammed him. The ball floated over toward the first-base dugout, where it settled into Bird's glove. Sufficiently buoyed, Sabathia struck out designated hitter Michael Brantley on three pitches.
Hours later, though, that positive moment for the Yankees, and all their others, had been obliterated. game.
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns Pause
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Joe Girardi insisted sitting Matt Holliday the last two games was merely precautionary.
The slugger, battling lower-back stiffness over the weekend, backed up his manager's words with his biggest hit in his brief time as a Yankee.
Holliday's monstrous three-run, third-inning homer off Derek Holland set the tone for Monday's 7-4 victory over the White Sox, the Yankees eighth in a row and seventh straight at home.
“I could've played [on Sunday]. Joe just wanted to make sure everything was 100 percent,” said Holliday, who has dealt with back problems throughout his career. “Just a little tightness. We were a little conservative and cautious with it.”
The move paid off. The Yankees won the games Holliday sat out, and he made an impact on Monday. Holliday's homer in the lopsided victory, which snapped an 0-for-12 drought, was part of a five-run third inning and by far his biggest hit in his brief Yankees career. Holliday turned around a 2-2, 94-mph fastball at the letters, sending it several rows back in the bleachers in left-center field to give the Yankees a 3-0 lead with two outs in the frame.
“Good, it felt good,” Holliday said. “Any time you can help the team get a lead, it feels good.”
The 37-year-old outfielder had gotten off to a slow start, carrying a .242 batting average and just three extra-base hits into Monday night's contest.
The titanic shot was the second-longest homer in baseball this year, traveling an estimated 459 feet, according to Statcast at 113.9 mph. Only Rangers outfielder Carlos Gomez (461) has hit one further. It was also the longest homer hit by a Yankee not named Alex Rodriguez since 2015, according to Statcast.
Your browser does not support iframes.
“That was incredible,” said Aaron Judge, who also homered and is becoming known for his own prodigious blasts. “He probably ruined some family's day. They probably got some nachos [and] he hit the ball so hard, he probably knocked it out of their hands.
“That was a great swing by Matty. That's what we expect out of him. He's fun to watch.”
Getty Image
Throughout its history, Tyler the Creator's massive Camp Flog Gnaw carnival has found a way to incorporate all of his musical influences. Pharrell has showed up and played. Same goes for Frank Ocean. This year, the sixth edition of the carnival, may be the biggest yet. The two-day fest is scheduled to take place at Exposition Park with a massive lineup including Migos, 2 Chainz, Jaden and Willow Smith, Lana Del Rey, Kid Cudi, Roy Ayers, Solange, Migos, ASAP Rocky, 6LACK, Mac Miller, Justice, Kelis and more.
The Odd Future collective will also get their shine both individually and as a collective. Earl Sweatshirt, Taco, Mike G, Hodgy and Left Brain are all set to perform at the festival. So are The Internet, who've been teasing a new album for quite some time. Syd and Steve Lacy are also set to turn in solo performances.
CAMP FLOG GNAW 2017. TICKETS ON SALE THURSDAY. NOON. 12PST pic.twitter.com/qr1p1DWg4g — Tyler, The Creator (@tylerthecreator) August 14, 2017
Compared to other major festivals in 2017, Camp Flog Gnaw managed to include a healthy lineup of female artists from sultry R&B — Jorja Smith — to pop hybirds such as Kehlani and Bay Area firestarters such as Kamaiyah. Having an L.A. festival with both Kelis and Solange on the bill is a promise for some pretty heavy vibes.
Tyler has had one hell of a year for himself, starting with the success of his recent Flower Boy album, which came within less than a thousand copies of securing the Odd Future rapper his first number one. He's also about to air a brand-new show on Vice about how things are made. With a lineup like this, Camp Flog Gnaw could be the cherry on top of a pretty sweet sundae.
Check out the full festival lineup above.
10 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
St Helens have confirmed the signing of Bradford Bulls back-row James Bentley on a three-year deal.
Bentley, 20, was one of the most sought-after players in England, with the majority of Super League clubs understood to be interested in his services.
But as was first reported in League Express last month, Saints have won the race to land the Bulls ace, who has been a standout star in their relegation campaign, scoring 15 tries in 22 appearances.
“James is a quality young player and we are pleased to bring him to the club,” Saints Head coach Justin Holbrook said.
“He's powerful, strong and is consistent in his performances week in week out.
“He knows he has a lot of improvement in him too and he's looking forward to developing in our system.”
Get the Better newsletter.
Memorial Day was the unofficial start of summer, which means a host of delicious warm-weather treats are now officially on the menu. Ice cream is one of my favorites — especially a soft-serve vanilla cup directly from an ice cream truck in New York City, or a small-batch creamery version of chocolate-peanut butter. Most of the time, though, I try to find healthier ways to enjoy this hot-weather treat. I've rounded up some of my top picks for frozen treats that satiate those ice cream cravings, without derailing a healthy diet.
First, a few things to keep in mind. While they're better than the classics, none of them should be considered health food. It's a perk when dessert brings a little protein, fiber or other dose of nutrition to the party, but the idea is to lean on fruits, veggies, whole grains and other whole foods to nourish your body. Then you can turn to these goodies when your taste buds are looking for a little something extra, but you don't want to thwart your healthy-eating efforts.
Each of my picks has fewer than 200 calories — and most have far less. Many come in single-serve styles, such as cones, bars and sandwiches, making it even easier to keep tabs on what you're eating. Because eyeballing a ½-cup scoop of ice cream is a serious exercise in willpower.
ICE CREAM CONES
Trader Joe's Hold the Cone Mini Ice Cream Cones Trader Joe's / Samantha Cassetty
Trader Joe's Hold the Cone Mini Ice Cream Cones
These are a huge hit in my household. The chocolatey-lined cone is filled with chocolate or vanilla ice cream and then dunked in another hit of chocolatey goodness. Each little cone clocks in around 85 calories, putting you squarely in the no-guilt-zone.
Blue Bunny Mint Cookie Crunch Mini Swirls Blue Bunny
Blue Bunny Mini Swirls
Compact in size, but big on flavor. This version includes mint-flavored reduced-fat ice cream and is topped with a cookie crunch. They also make chocolate-dunked varieties in vanilla, caramel and chocolate.
ICE CREAM AND FROZEN YOGURT BARS
Magnum Minis Magnum
Magnum Minis
Can you sense a theme here? Mini versions of high-calorie foods are a plus in my book. You get all the deliciousness while still keeping things reasonably light. These are coated with a luscious Belgian chocolate. A nice touch!
Yasso Frozen Greek Yogurt Bars Yasso
Yasso Frozen Greek Yogurt Bars
These bars come in a variety of craveable flavors. The fruit flavors, like Strawberry and Black Raspberry Chip, really stand out, as does the fact that each bar has 5 grams of protein — the same amount you get in 20 almonds.
Enlightened Chocolate Peanut Butter Bars Enlightened
Enlightened Bars
These bars have a place in my heart — or should I say stomach? Some of my favorite flavors include Chocolate Peanut Butter Swirl, Toasted Almond and Sea Salt Caramel, but you really can't go wrong with a treat that has no more than 100 calories while also boasting as much as 8 grams of protein — the same amount in an egg! Another bonus: Enlightened keeps the sugar low by using erythritol, a sugar alcohol. This type of sweetener is found naturally in certain fruits, and it doesn't have as many calories or the same blood sugar impact as regular sugar. While many sugar alcohols, such as mannitol and sorbitol, cause digestive distress, the amount of erythritol commonly found in food doesn't have the same effect and is considered a safe alternative to sugar.
ICE CREAM SANDWICHES
Skinny Cow ice cream sandwich Skinny Cow
Skinny Cow
My vote for best flavors in the category. I fell in love with their Cinnamontastic Snickerdoodle, filled with snickerdoodle ice cream (yes, please!). The Dynamic Duo Vanilla & Chocolate and Completely Crush-Worth Cookies ‘N Cream also look incredible.
ICE CREAM
Edy's/Dreyer's Ice Cream Edy's
Edy's/Dreyer's (depending on which coast you live on)
The perfect choice for people who like their ice cream old school. The process of slow churning, plus the use of nonfat milk, keeps even indulgent flavors like Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough under my 200-calorie (tops!) limit. Just remember that the ½-cup standard ice cream serving size is rather skimpy, and if you're routinely serving yourself more, you probably aren't doing yourself any favors.
Breyers 100-calorie Snack Cups Breyers
Breyers
Breyers makes my all-time favorite natural vanilla, which is a great option on its own. But these 100-calorie Snack Cups make it easy to enjoy without the risk of doubling (or tripling) your scoop size. Snack cups are also available in chocolate.
Enlightened ice cream pints Enlightened
Enlightened Pints
Enlightened also makes ice cream by the pint in flavors like Bananas Foster, Butter Pecan and Chocolate Peanut Butter. Using erythritol, this brand keeps the calories and added sugars tame, while providing 7 grams of protein.
Halo Top ice cream Halo Top
Halo Top
This was a game changer for my family! I'm a fan of their Vanilla Bean while my son favors Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough. Though the packaging lists the calories per pint, I don't recommend going there. Instead, a single-serving ½-cup sets you back just 60 to 90 calories, yet provides 5 grams of protein and notably, 3 grams of fiber. This is another brand that uses erythritol to cut down on sugar — a touch I appreciate.
FROZEN FRUIT
Chloe's Strawberry Pops Chloe's
Chloe's Pops
These are a staple in my freezer. I go for their Dark Chocolate, sweetened with banana puree and a touch of cane sugar, but you really can't go wrong with any of these clean, fruity treats. And each variety is certified gluten-free, as well as dairy-free, vegan and kosher pareve.
Dole Dippers dark chocolate-covered banana slices Dole
Dole Dippers
Another obsession of mine. Dark chocolate-covered frozen fruit? Thank you! Available in Pineapple, Strawberry and Banana, dessert really doesn't get any healthier (without sacrificing deliciousness).
More Tips and Tricks from a Nutritionist
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Officials from the Department of Veterans Affairs listened to the worries local Veterans have with their healthcare.
Dozens of local veterans filled a special town hall held Monday at the V.A. office in south Toledo.
With operations here run by the Ann Arbor Healthcare System, who also runs three other regional clinics, officials wanted to make it a point to hear some of the concerns first hand.
"We bring ourselves to them, and give them the opportunity to express how they feel about the system, what's working, what's not working," Medical Director at Ann Arbor Healthcare System Ginny Creasman said. "We learn from it, they learn from it. The patient population is getting older, they're having much more struggles getting to care. And we have to think of new and inventive ways to get the care to them or to get them to us"
Among the topics brought up, transportation for out of town doctors visits, OBGYN care for female veterans and veteran suicide prevention.
With suicide attempts up among younger veterans who are in the estimated 50 percent of veterans who have not registered with the V.A., the hope is new outreach programs discussed Monday can get men and women who do not think they need V.A. health care yet to come in.
"But we also have other veterans here, and that's what makes this unique," Creasman explained. "We have other veterans who are helping to serve them. And a lot of peers to peer support classes. They know what it's like, they've been through it, and they can help them walk through the changes. So, it's a big community."
For more information on services offered, visit the Toledo Veterans Affairs Clinic website.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns Pause
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:29 UNC student mocks Duke's Grayson Allen in trippy parody video
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
One Los Angeles Lakers rookie shined at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday, but it wasn't Lonzo Ball. Instead, it was Kyle Kuzma who did his part to keep the Purple and Gold competitive in what wound up as a 110-100 loss to the Indiana Pacers—their third straight defeat overall.
Kuz came through with a game-high 27 points on 10-of-18 shooting (3-of-10 from three, 4-of-5 on free throws). The Utah product also grabbed eight rebounds and dished out an assist in 37 minutes.
Zo and the Lakers looked like they might have a noteworthy night in the Sooner State to start their four-game road trip. The Crown Prince of Chino Hills racked up six assists in the first quarter, during which the Lakers led by as many as 12 points.
But that advantage evaporated amid a hail of L.A. turnovers and Pacers buckets. By the time Lonzo notched his first (and only) field goal of the night, Indy had erased its deficit, but would head into the locker room at halftime down 59-57 to the visitors.
Things only got worse for the Purple and Gold from there. The Pacers outscored L.A. 35-21 in the third quarter and carried a double-digit lead through most of the fourth. Indy was keyed by the inside-out talents of All-Star Victor Oladipo (20 points, three steals), Myles Turner (21 points, seven rebounds, three assists) and Thaddeus Young (18 points, nine rebounds, four assists, two blocks), along with Lance Stephenson's 16 points.
Ball, meanwhile, was hardly heard from in the second half. He made one of two free-throw attempts in the third quarter and didn't register another assist until the fourth.
All told, the 20-year-old looked passive in his matchup with fellow UCLA product Darren Collison (15 points, eight assists). Lonzo finished with four points, eight assists, two rebounds, two assists, two steals and four turnovers in 37 minutes. Along the way, Ball appeared timid on the attack, rarely looking for his shot when he drove in.
Granted, the onus wasn't on Zo alone. The Lakers made a concerted effort to play through the post, resulting in a combined 44 points, 17 rebounds and six assists. And with the Pacers (41-30) catching fire after the first quarter, there weren't as many opportunities for L.A. to grab a defensive rebound and go.
Still, the Lakers (31-39) could've used a more aggressive Lonzo, especially with Isaiah Thomas (11 points on 4-of-14 shooting, 0-of-5 from three) struggling for the second consecutive game.
The good news, Zo and his teammates might soon see all of their burdens lightened somewhat with Brandon Ingram (groin) on the mend. The second-year swingman wasn't available in Indianapolis, but could be ready for Thursday's matchup with the New Orleans Pelicans (40-30) at the Smoothie King Center (5 p.m. PT, Spectrum SportsNet), assuming he's able to participate in a full practice before then.
Ariel Winter's Emmys gown had not one, but two sky-high slits Nothing's going to stand between Ariel Winter and body-baring clothes. The “Modern Family” star set social media ablaze on Sunday night, when she showed up to the Emmys in a...
Ariel Winter: My mother sexualized me as a child "Even though I wish I had a better childhood, I wouldn't trade it, because it made me who I am today," the "Modern Family" star insisted.
Younger 'Modern Family' castmates getting over $100K per episode Sarah Hyland, Ariel Winter, Nolan Gould and Rico Rodriguez got pay bumps when they signed their new contracts.
Ariel Winter blasts claim she gives boyfriend an allowance "I would never pay my boyfriend any sort of allowance, nor would he ever accept if I ordered," Winter barked on social media.
Ariel Winter and her boyfriend get matching tattoos Ariel Winter, 19, and Levi Meaden, 29, got hearts and snacks inked on their bodies.
Last week, Washington State Governor Jay Inslee endorsed B.C.'s push to block construction of the federally approved Trans Mountain pipeline expansion.
“We are hopeful that the premier's efforts to allow the voices of his citizens to be listened to will be successful, because it is very much in common with our citizens,” Inslee said. The weekend also saw kayaking protesters in Seattle paddle around in opposition to the $7.4-billion Canadian pipeline project.
Before Washington State leans too far into its new role as an opponent of West Coast oil tankers, however, it's worth remembering a few things.
The state is extremely dependent on oil tankers
B.C. can easily fill its gas stations without a single oil tanker entering the Salish Sea. Thanks to the energy superpower just over the Rocky Mountains, up to 90 per cent of B.C.'s fuel already arrives overland from Alberta via pipeline or by rail. Not so for Washington State. The state has no permanent connection to the U.S. oil market, and relies entirely on oil trains, oil tankers and the existing Trans Mountain pipeline to supply its refineries. In 2017, inbound oil tankers were responsible for 46 per cent of Washington State's crude oil imports. And yes, this does indeed include tankers full of diluted bitumen from the existing Trans Mountain network. In fact, along with California and Asia, Washington State has been cited by Kinder Morgan as one of the target customers of the project.
Most of that tanker oil is Alaskan
Oil tankers filling up at the Trans Mountain terminus won't be spending all that much time in B.C. waters. From Burnaby's Westridge Terminal they'll head west through the Juan de Fuca strait to the open ocean. By contrast, right now thousands of Washington motorists are gassing up with fuel that has just finished a cruise of the entire coast of British Columbia. According to Washington's Department of Ecology, up to 70 per cent of oil imported by sea into the state originated in Alaska. To be fair, however, the route has been pretty uneventful for B.C. Large oil tankers are not allowed through B.C.'s narrow inside passage. Since 1985 Alaska-to-Washington tankers also observe a “voluntary exclusion zone” that steers them well clear of Haida Gwaii and the west coast of Vancouver Island. Most notably for B.C., the Exxon Valdez crashed well before it left Alaskan waters enroute to California.
Even with the expansion, most Salish Sea oil vessels will still be Washington's doing
Below is a chart from a 2014 B.C. government presentation on Salish Sea spill risk. It notes that even with the vast expansion of tanker traffic anticipated by a Trans Mountain expansion, the majority of tankers crossing the Salish Sea would still come by way of Puget Sound. In 2012 there were 1,197 tanker “movements” through the Strait of Juan de Fuca, according to the National Energy Board. When operating at full capacity, the Trans Mountain pipeline will only tack on an additional 720 tanker movements. Some years, in fact, the total number of extra vessels brought to the Salish Sea by Trans Mountain will be comparable to the traffic at a single Washington oil refinery. Cherry Point, a BP refinery within sight of Metro Vancouver, counted an average of 321 calls from oil tankers between 1998 and 2010. The Trans Mountain expansion is expected to add only 300 tankers per year into the region. One point in Washington's favour, however, is that Trans Mountain will generally host bigger tankers, thus the overall volume of petroleum heading out of Metro Vancouver will be larger. The Trans Mountain expansion is expected to move 590,000 barrels of oil products per day (215,350,000 barrels per year). For comparison, in 2017 the total quantity petroleum moved through Washington ports was 102,103,738 barrels.
Washington consumes an awful lot of Alberta fossil fuels
Another popular reason for opposing the Trans Mountain expansion is that it would encourage increased exploitation of the energy-intensive Athabasca oilsands. Gasoline derived from oilsands bitumen has a carbon footprint between 15 per cent and 30 per cent higher than gasoline from conventional oil. This is what has prompted U.S. activists to dub Alberta petroleum the “dirtiest oil on Earth” (even if that title should more correctly be attributed to crude strains in Nigeria and California). But while Washington State may pooh-pooh Alberta's extraction methods, the state has a uniquely powerful thirst for its oil products. Alberta oil products shipped through the Trans Mountain pipeline supplied 28.5 per cent of Washington's petroleum needs in 2017. In fact, the majority of product now moved through the Trans Mountain pipeline ends up in Washington hands. In 2017 the state also shipped in 4,092,715 barrels of product using Alberta oil trains. A recent spike in Alberta imports, in fact, is a major reason why the state has been able to lessen its dependence on marine oil tankers.
• Twitter: TristinHopper | Email: thopper@nationalpost.com
NEW YORK — Authorities say the alleged leader of a homicidal drug ring that imported tons of cocaine from Colombia into the U.S. has been brought to New York to face charges.
Daniel Rendon-Herrera, also known as “Don Mario,” pleaded not guilty in Brooklyn on Tuesday to leading a continuing criminal enterprise.
His attorney, Johanna Zapp, says she's looking forward to representing him.
Federal authorities say that the organization sent multi-ton, U.S.-bound shipments of cocaine from Colombia through Central America between about June 2003 and December 2014.
U.S. Attorney Richard P. Donoghue says the group also employed hit men across North and South America.
FOX Sports Sun's Rich Hollenberg and Orestes Destrade talk about Brad Miller's second inning error that eventually led to three unearned for the Boston Red Sox.
More FOX Sports Florida Videos Goran Dragic says the Heat need to improve ball movement Erik Spoelstra on playoff chase: ‘I love our guys going through this right now' Full Timeout: Miami Heat's Tyler Johnson Rays' Jake Odorizzi vs. Yankees' CC Sabathia on Tuesday Florida Midday Minute: Rays, Magic, Lightning in action Tuesday Mackenzie Weegar on first NHL game: ‘Everybody made me feel really comfortable out there' More FOX Sports Florida Videos
Former France Coach Michel Dies At 70
Former France captain and coach Henri Michel is dead, according to reports in France.
Michel passed on at the age of 70 after a protracted illness on Tuesday.
Born in Aix where he started his football career, Michel played 58 times for France.
He became a coach and led the French team to Olympic gold in 1984 in Los Angeles and third in the 1986 World Cup in Mexico.
The Frenchman also coached Morocco, Cameroun, Tunisia, Côte d'Ivoire, Equatorial Guinea and Kenya.
Michel was officially named a Nantes legend last Friday.
The post Former France Coach Michel Dies At 70 appeared first on Complete Sports Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Complete Sports Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By KYLE PALMER
Hundreds of people, including members of the activist group Indivisible KC, looked for answers at a town hall hosted by U.S. Sen. Jerry Moran, a Republican from Kansas, Monday morning.
The Republican's town hall at the Lenexa Conference Center was his first in Johnson County in over a year. It was a long time coming for some.
“Indivisible has been asking for a town hall in the eastern part of the state since January and we finally got one,” Indivisible KC Board Member Leslie Mark said.
Mark said members of the organization wanted to ask Moran about issues regarding healthcare, specifically the Republican-backed plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. It's an issue she said other local Congress members have been closed-off about.
“We don't have a lot of representatives willing to talk to us, so I give him a lot of kudos for doing this,” Mark said. “But it's very distressing that it's such an attenuated and hard to get to point.”
The issue came up frequently during the town hall with the crowd at times breaking out into chants and cheers.
At another point, Moran received applause for saying he would buck his GOP colleagues if necessary.
Mark, the Indivisible KC member, said healthcare has been mishandled by the Senate.
“The Senate is not following procedure and by having no hearings, by not having expert witness testimony, by having thirteen white men and no one else discussing it they're going to fix what ails our country even though for the past forty years' better heads, probably, have prevailed on this topic,” Mark said.
In addition to questions about the replacement for the Affordable Care Act, Indivisible planned to ask about Medicare expansion, taxes, the choice act and investigations on the Trump administration's ties to Russia.
Afterwards, Moran told reporters he was “pleased with the magnitude and demeanor of the crowd.”
Katie Bernard contributed to this story. Kyle Palmer kcur.org's morning newscaster.
———-
LENEXA, Kan. (AP) — Republican U.S. Sen. Jerry Moran has told a sometimes raucous crowd of hundreds that he would have voted against a House-passed bill that would repeal and replace the Obama-era federal health care overhaul law.
The Kansas City Star reports that Moran spoke Monday at a conference center in Johnson County, which President Donald Trump won by fewer than 3 percentage point.
Moran says he's waiting to see the final version of the Senate's bill before determining how he'll vote. He bemoaned it being drafted in closed meetings but wouldn't commit to withholding his vote if there aren't open hearings.
It was the first in-person public town hall meeting in the county since Trump took office. Sen. Pat Roberts and Rep. Kevin Yoder haven't had such meetings in recent months.
Former world champion darts player, Adrian Lewis, has been suspended by the Professional Darts Corporation following an on-stage altercation in Wigan last night.
The two-time former world champion Adrian Lewis has been suspended with immediate effect following a dispute with Jose Justicia during the UK open qualifier quarter-final in Robin Park.
Lewis gave Justicia verbal abuse and appeared to push him in the chest after winning the match 6-5.
The 33-year-old, who went on to lose to Michael van Gerwen in the semi-final, was later suspended pending a full investigation.
The PDC said: "Following a review of the incidents which occurred in his match with Jose Justicia at Friday's UK Open qualifier, the Darts Regulation Authority has suspended Adrian Lewis with immediate effect pending a full investigation in to the matter.
"The player has the right of appeal."
Image copyright Getty Images
Women who are overweight or obese but otherwise healthy are still at an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, a large study suggests.
The analysis tracked the health of 90,257 women in the US for up to 30 years.
Those with excess weight were likelier to have a stroke or heart attack, even if they had normal blood pressure and cholesterol and no diabetes, it found.
Researchers said it showed "healthy obesity is not a harmless condition".
Obesity affects almost all of the cardiovascular disease risk factors, such as high blood pressure, excess cholesterol and diabetes.
But some obese people do not appear to have these metabolic disorders, leading scientists to debate whether or not the excess weight actually raises their risk.
This new study found women who were overweight or obese (BMIs in excess of 25 and 30 respectively) but had none of these risk factors were 20% and 39% more likely to develop cardiovascular disease than women of a normal weight (BMI 18.5-24.9) who were metabolically healthy.
However, the authors said it showed an association rather than cause and effect, and was mainly in white women, meaning the findings cannot be generalised to other ethnic groups or men.
"Our large cohort study confirms that metabolically healthy obesity is not a harmless condition, and even women who remain free of metabolic diseases for decades face an increased risk of cardiovascular events," said Prof Matthias Schulze, from the German Institute of Human Nutrition Potsdam-Rehbruecke, who led the study.
Women who were a normal weight but metabolically unhealthy were around two-and-a-half times more likely to develop cardiovascular disease than women of the same weight who were metabolically healthy.
That risk was even greater in women who were overweight and obese, said the study, published in The Lancet Diabetes & Endocrinology journal.
Experts also found that the majority of metabolically healthy women developed either high blood pressure, excess cholesterol or diabetes as they got older, even if they were normal weight.
Fitness vs fatness
Prof Schulze added: "Our findings highlight the importance of preventing the development of metabolic diseases.
"They suggest that even individuals in good metabolic health may benefit from early behavioural management to improve their diet and increased physical activity in order to guard against progression to poor metabolic health."
Jeremy Pearson, associate medical director at the British Heart Foundation, added: "This large scale study confirms that obesity, even if unaccompanied by other warning signs, increases risk of cardiovascular disease in women."
However, Prof Carl Lavie, from the University of Queensland School of Medicine in New Orleans, who was not involved in the research, said he and colleagues had argued that "fitness is more important than fatness".
He noted that the study did not have precise data on the participants' physical activity and their cardio fitness.
He added: "It is prudent to remind ourselves that an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure."
BMI and obesity: Where are you on the UK fat scale?
Use this calculator to find out your own body mass index (BMI) and see how you compare with the rest of the nation. You will also get tips from health experts and useful links to information on how to improve your health.
If you can't see the calculator tap or click here.
Follow Alex on Twitter.
The Latest on U.S. Vice President Mike Pence's trip to Asia (all times local):
___
4:40 p.m.
Japan and the U.S. have outlined a path forward for economic talks between the countries.
The announcement followed an inaugural meeting Tuesday of the U.S.-Japan Economic Dialogue in Tokyo chaired by visiting U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso.
It said the dialogue would focus on three areas: trade and investment rules and issues, cooperation in macroeconomic policy and specific industry sectors.
The dialogue was set up by President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe during the Japanese leader's visit to the U.S. in February.
___
3:40 p.m.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso are kicking off a new U.S.-Japan economic dialogue that was launched during Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's meeting with President Donald Trump in the U.S. in February.
As talks began Tuesday, Aso said the U.S.-Japan alliance has underpinned peace and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region and that trade friction with the U.S. has given way to an “age of cooperation.”
Pence said Trump sees the talks as a way to improve business ties with Japan and is hoping for quick results. The discussions are to focus on economic and structural policy and trade and investment strategies aimed at strengthening both countries' economies.
___
2:15 p.m.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Japanese leaders have begun talks expected to focus largely on trade with America's anchor ally in the region, though tensions with North Korea loomed large.
Pence reassured Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Tuesday that the U.S. considers its alliance with Japan to be a cornerstone of security in the region.
Pence said, “We appreciate the challenging times in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocations from across the Sea of Japan.”
He also said, “We are with you 100 percent,” adding that the U.S. always seeks peace.
Abe said Japan hoped for peaceful dialogue with Pyongyang, “but at the same time, dialogue for the sake of dialogue is valueless and it is necessary for us to exercise pressure North Korea so that it comes forward and engages in this serious dialogue.”
Pence was having lunch with Abe at the prime minister's official residence after arriving in Japan earlier in the day for the second stop of a 10-day Asia tour.
___
12:15 p.m.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence has arrived in Japan for the second stop of a 10-day Asia tour.
His plane touched down Tuesday at the U.S. military's Atsugi base outside Tokyo.
The focus of his trip is expected to shift in Japan to trade. North Korea's nuclear and missile development dominated the agenda on his first stop in South Korea.
Pence told business leaders before leaving Seoul that the Trump administration is reviewing all trade agreements as part of its “America First” policy.
White House officials say the meetings in Tokyo are meant to forge a framework for future discussions after the U.S. withdrew from a Pacific Rim trade pact.
Adonis Stevenson says Toronto is the place to be for sports in Canada.
The World Boxing Council light heavyweight champion from Blainville, Que., is to make his ninth title defence at the Air Canada Centre on May 19 in a bout his promoter Yvon Michel had hoped to stage in Montreal.
Stevenson said it was not his decision where the fight would take place and that his manager Al Haymon insisted it be in Toronto.
“I'm happy to fight in Toronto,” Stevenson said Tuesday in a telephone interview. “It's a big city and it's big for sports.
“You have the Raptors, soccer, hockey. All the sports there are successful. It's the place to be. But they don't have a lot of boxing. There are a lot of boxing shows in Montreal. This is an opportunity to show them boxing. (U.S. specialty channel) Showtime is coming. It's good for Toronto too.”
However, the boxers arrived for the fight announcement to find the city in mourning for the victims of an incident that saw a driver ram his van into pedestrians on a city sidewalk — not the ideal time to be promoting a sports event.
“It's very sad,” Stevenson said. “I don't believe it happened in Canada. My condolences to all the families.”
Stevenson (29-1) already made a title defence at Ricoh Coliseum in Toronto in 2015 against unheralded Tommy Karpency, but this one promises to be a bigger fight against a respected opponent in Jack (22-1-2), a Swedish former two-time world champion who fights for Mayweather Promotions out of Las Vegas.
Jack is the former WBC super-middleweight champion who moved up one weight class to become World Boxing Association light-heavyweight champ with a win over Briton Nathan Cleverly in August. However, he vacated that title rather than face mandatory challenger Dmitry Bivol and turned his attention to Stevenson.
The power-punching Stevenson will be seeking a 25th career knockout. The 40-year-old's weapon of choice is a devastating left hand, which he used to knock out Chad Dawson in only 76 seconds to win the WBC belt in 2013.
Since then he has been criticized for ducking tough opponents in favour of easier competition like in his last bout, a third-round stoppage of Poland's Andrzej Fonfara in Montreal in June. He was once famously called Adonis “Chickenson” by former three-belt champion Sergey (Krusher) Kovalev in a bid to goad him into a showdown.
Stevenson insists that it is his manager who picks his opponents and that he is willing to take on anyone, anywhere.
But he has also managed to avoid making mandatory defences against the WBC's top-ranked contender, which are supposed to happen once a year. Stevenson's last mandatory was against Tony Bellew in 2013.
Since 2015, his mandatory challenger was Eleider Alvarez, a Colombian based in Montreal who is also promoted by Michel. Alvarez repeatedly agreed to step aside so the champion could face other opponents, but threatened to put his foot down when the Jack fight was announced, saying he has waited long enough for a chance to win a world title and the big money that goes with it.
That problem was solved last week when 34-year-old Alvarez (23-0) surrendered his WBC status in order to take on Kovalev (32-2-1) this summer. The Russian now holds only the World Boxing Organization belt.
Meanwhile, Michel has been under pressure dealing with the Stevenson clan. When he announced the January the fight would be in Montreal, Stevenson called it “fake news” on Twitter. The two sides looked to be in a standoff.
This week, a compromise deal was struck — the bout is to be in Toronto, but with the same undercard fighters from Michel's stable including talented light middleweight Mikael Zewski (30-1) of Trois-Rivieres, Que.
Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment and Toronto promoter Lee Baxter are also involved in staging the fight card.
“It is the first title fight that the venue will host,” MLSE senior vice-president Wayne Zronik said in a statement. “We've worked with this group before to bring world-class boxing to the city and are excited about the return of championship boxing to Toronto.”
Image copyright Desmond Kelly Image caption Benone Strand in County Londonderry suffered a gorse fire on Tuesday
Fire crews have battled nearly 600 gorse fires in the past week, many of them started deliberately.
Ass Ch Fire Officer Alan Walmsley said it had been "very challenging" and resources were stretched.
Northern Ireland is in the middle of a heatwave, with temperatures hitting 30C, and as a result the ground is extremely dry.
Mr Walmsley appealed to the public to "help us and work with us when they are out and about enjoying the weather".
Meanwhile, there will be a hosepipe ban in place across the whole island of Ireland from Friday - on Wednesday, Irish Water announced it was introducing a ban, while NI Water did the same at the weekend.
Report it
Mr Walmsley said the fires had been spread throughout Northern Ireland and on Wednesday, fire crews were dealing with eight gorse fires, four of which were "significant".
He said the most "challenging" fire was on the Drumack Road, Rasharkin, County Antrim, where a specialist wildfire fighting team was at the scene.
He told BBC News NI that on Wednesday, crews had dealt with more than 160 calls and 30 were wildfire/gorse related.
Skip Twitter post by @NIFRSWalmsley Busy week for NIFRS due to the prevailing weather conditions, almost 600 gorse fires tackled, Command Room operating to support and coordinate service delivery and contingency arrangements, great effort by all our personnel @NIFRSOFFICIAL pic.twitter.com/xRiSjpNEGa — NIFRSWalmsley (@NIFRSWalmsley) July 4, 2018 Report
While some fires are accidental, many are deliberate, he added.
"We would ask those who are doing it to stop," he said.
"We are having a challenging time, our demands are stretched. Anyone who sees this behaviour should report it to the PSNI."
Preventing fires in the countryside
Extinguish cigarettes and other smoking materials properly
Never throw cigarette ends out of car windows
Only use barbecues in designated areas and never leave them unattended
Make sure that barbecues are fully extinguished and cold before disposing of their contents
Avoid using open fires in the countryside
Do not leave bottles or glass behind - sunlight shining through glass can start a fire
Be considerate in parking vehicles so as not to impede access by emergency vehicles.
Source: nidirect
INGLEWOOD, Calif. — Queens of the Stone Age frontman Joshua Homme has apologized after a photographer claimed the singer kicked her camera while she photographed the band's concert in Southern California.
Photographer Chelsea Lauren said on Instagram that she sought medical treatment after the camera smashed into her face from the kick Saturday night at a radio station's annual Christmas event. Video posted to social media shows Homme swinging his leg and connecting with the camera while playing guitar at the Forum near Los Angeles.
Homme said on Twitter Sunday that he was “in a state of being lost in performance” and thought he was kicking lighting equipment on state. He says it was unintentional and he hopes Lauren accepts his apology.
Emails seeking further comment from Homme's representatives were not immediately returned.
Suppose your daughter is a freshman in college. One night you get a call from her, the call every parent fears — she has been sexually assaulted by an older student. She is crying and distraught, traumatized by what just transpired. You find out that the perpetrator has a history of assaulting freshman women on campus, and that the university staff had knowledge of the perpetrator's history.
Such a situation is a horrific, worst-case scenario. As the victim of an intentional tort, however, your daughter has a number of legal options available to her. Her recourse includes a lawsuit against the perpetrator as well as a lawsuit against the university for its organizational liability, such as occurred in the Penn State/Sandusky suits.
Now, let's change the fact pattern slightly: Your daughter is in the military instead of college. The result is starkly different. Due to a little-known policy called the Feres doctrine, which arose from the Supreme Court case of Feres v. United States in 1950, your daughter would be prevented from suing for both the emotional and physical harm she sustained in the assault. Should she file a suit against either her assailant or the military establishment, regardless of its institutionalized knowledge, the court would immediately dismiss it, the judge all the while acknowledging the results were “unfair.”
Under the Feres doctrine, service members are categorically banned from filing suits for harm incurred while on duty. Period, end of story. There are no exceptions, it is absolute.
Since its creation, courts and commentators have vehemently condemned the Feres doctrine. One of its most ardent critics was Antonin Scalia, the legendary conservative Supreme Court justice. In United States v. Johnson, Justice Scalia wrote that “Feres was wrongly decided and heartily deserves the ‘widespread, almost universal criticism' it has received.” Yet, the Feres doctrine persists as national policy.
The given justification for the Feres doctrine is the protection of good order and discipline within the military. Without a doubt, commanding officers shouldn't face the threat of a lawsuit for decisions made in combat or in preparing troops for battle. The Feres doctrine, though, goes too far by banning all suits “incident to service.”
Good order and discipline simply would not be harmed by the suit of a soldier burned due to known faulty wiring in his barracks, or a sexual assault victim, or a soldier who was secretly administered LSD to test its effects, or a Marine who had a towel left in his stomach during a routine procedure. Yet, the Feres doctrine summarily bans each of these suits.
By immunizing the military from civil liability, the Feres doctrine increases abuse of power and corruption by military officials. It is common sense that when officials are not held accountable for their misconduct, they tend to abuse their authority. That is why the Founders split the government's power into three branches and allowed the courts to review the conduct of the other two branches. Judicial review is a cornerstone of our democracy.
Protected from lawsuits, however, military officials are freed from this constitutional accountability framework. Lawsuits not only allow victims of misconduct to be made whole, they inform the public of governmental wrongdoing. This information flow is critical in a representative democracy, where voters cannot change what they do not know.
It is time to review the scope of the Feres doctrine. Chaining shut the courthouse doors to prevent service member access is unconscionable.
Dwight Stirling is CEO of the Veterans Legal Institute. Dallis Warshaw is policy analyst at the Veteran Legal Institute.
0:47
Macon and Huntsville drop the gloves for a fight
1:48
On the other end of the line
1:10
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. [...]
Squats are good for every age group and every muscle group, too. gradyreese Getty Images
OAKLAND, Calif. — Well, there's always Game 2 for the Warriors' Andre Iguodala.
On the eve of their attempt to win a third championship in four years — all against the Cavaliers — the Warriors announced Wednesday that Iguodala, the 2015 Finals MVP, will miss Game 1 and then be re-evaluated before Game 2. Iguodala, one of Golden State's best defenders, missed the final four games of the Western Conference Finals victory over Houston because of a bruised left leg.
And the other key injured player in the series, Cleveland's Kevin Love, was excused from Wednesday's media availability session as he remains in the NBA's concussion protocol. Love missed Game 7 of the Eastern Conference Finals win over Boston after he collided in Game 6 with the Celtics' Jayson Tatum. His status remains undecided for the Finals start.
Iguodala is making progress, the Warriors said, but he is still plagued by pain from the bone bruise and nerve inflammation around his knee.
Here are five takeaways from Redskins wide receiver Jamison Crowder ‘s conference call with reporters on Monday, April 17, 2017, at the Inova Sports Performance Center at Redskins Park in Loudoun County, Va.
1. Crowder is prepared for whatever may be thrown his way in his third NFL season.
With the departures of 1,000-yard wide receivers Pierre Garçon and DeSean Jackson last month, Crowder enters 2017 as the Redskins' most productive returner.
In a breakout second season for the 23-year-old, he caught 67 passes for 847 yards and a team-high seven touchdown catches along with 328 punt return yards and a touchdown.
Crowder could be in line for a bigger role in 2017 as the familiar face in receiving corps that features two new free agent signings and a second-year player that appeared in just two games during his rookie season.
“I'm just trying to make sure that I do what I can to be as much prepared for whatever situation the coaches put me in,” Crowder said. “I'm just going to roll with the flow and make sure I do what I have to do. If my role does increase, then I'm prepared for that. If it stays the same, then I'm prepared for that as well. We just have to see when the season gets here.”
Even with Garçon and Jackson no longer members of the Redskins, Crowder is confident that the passing game will remain explosive this season.
Terrelle Pryor Sr. is coming off a 1,000-yard season – his first full season as a wide receiver – and Josh Doctson was a first-round pick last year for a reason.
“You look at Pryor coming from [the] Cleveland [Browns]; he put up some big numbers last year with the Browns,” Crowder said. “Doctson, everybody is anxious to see what Doctson is going to bring to the table. I have faith in him that he will be a huge weapon for us. Obviously with [Jordan] Reed and Vernon Davis , those guys had really good years last year and J-Reed is J-Reed. I feel like the offense can still be explosive if not more than it was last year.”
2. The private workout session in Florida with Jon Gruden gave Crowder and the rest of the Redskins present an opportunity to build chemistry and break down film.
In late March, quarterbacks Kirk Cousins and Nate Sudfeld along with Crowder and fellow wide receivers Josh Doctson and Terrelle Pryor Sr. participated in a three-day private workout session with former NFL head coach Jon Gruden.
Not only did the Redskins go through some throwing sessions, but Gruden sat down with them for two to three hours at a time to review film.
“He made cut-ups of each individual player that was down there from the season,” Crowder said. “Like I said… we talked about some things that we could possibly incorporate into our offense, just so we can take advantage of things we see on the field. It was a good experience.”
The session marked the first time Crowder and Pryor met after the latter signed with Washington on March 10.
Crowder said the time in Florida served as an icebreaker for Pryor and his new teammates.
“With our downtime there were a few nights we went out to eat and sat around and talked to get to know each other,” Crowder said. “I feel that it was important as the icebreaker, just to introduce myself and so everybody can get to know Terrelle. We know that the chemistry is only going to grow as the season goes on and as OTAs progress because we will be around each other all the time so it's only going to grow. I feel that the Florida trip was a good start and a good way to introduce ourselves to him.”
3. Even with the changes at wide receiver, Jordan Reed is still the man that the passing game runs through.
Yes, it will take time for Cousins to work up his rapport with Pryor and Doctson, but there's one other player outside of Crowder that already has a strong connection with the starting quarterback.
That player, of course, is Reed – a 2016 Pro Bowler and one of the best tight ends in the NFL today.
Despite missing six games over the last two seasons, Reed has amassed 153 receptions for 1,638 yards and 17 touchdowns ever since Cousins was named the starter prior to the 2015 season opener.
Reed was also among the players in Florida last month, and Crowder noted that he “looked in shape.”
Having a healthy Reed will continue to create mismatches for opposing defenses and will free up the smaller Crowder as teams try to continue the Pro Bowl tight end.
“He's listed as a tight end but he's more of a receiver-type guy as far as his route running and the way that he catches the football and the way that he can make plays after the catch,” Crowder said. “I mean, like I said, I look forward to playing alongside with J-Reed [and] just being one of the guys that just plays off of him because everybody knows that he's going to make plays and he's going to help out the offense as much as possible.”
4. Crowder has learned how to pace himself during the offseason months.
it was this time two years ago that Crowder was putting the final touches on his draft stock, having already completed Senior Bowl Week, the NFL Combine and predraft visits.
Crowder wasn't the most touted wide receiver in the Class of 2015, evident by his selection in the fourth round, meaning the Duke product continuously pushed himself throughout the months when veterans have some downtime.
During the NFL Combine, for example, Crowder ran a 4.56-second 40-yard dash and recorded a 115-inch broad jump.
Now in his second full offseason as an NFL player, Crowder uses the offseason to pace himself before getting back into the flow with the team program.
“When I first was going into the draft and everything, that was the longest offseason just because I was prepping for draft and Combine and Senior Bowl, stuff like that, but since last year I've learned that you have to find that time to let your body rest and let your body heal after the season, you know, because the season is so long and it's such a grind,” Crowder said. “So you have to kind of pace yourself and find the times when you want to get back into training and knowing what to train on and on or just kind of tempo it, you know, just so you can kind of stay in shape and get ready for things like OTAs and things like that.
“So I've kind of learned the ropes or what I feel is best for my body as far as making sure that I'm prepared physically to be able to come back and be in shape ready to perform.”
5. After a few months away, the OTA program gives the players a chance to work together once again towards their season-long goals.
Monday was the first time that a majority of the players were at team headquarters since the Monday following the 2016 regular season finale against the New York Giants.
Over the next two weeks, Phase 1 workouts will take place in the weight room. This phase is strictly for strength and conditioning activities.
That is followed by three weeks of Phase 2 workouts where the players return to the field with the coaching staff.
“It's exciting to come back and see your teammates and get that feeling that football is right around the corner even though it is still a while away,” Crowder said. “When OTAs start everything starts to move fast so it's exciting.”
Growth in Brazilian insurance sector slows down due to severe recession and political crisis
The combination of a severe recession and a political crisis has slowed growth in the Brazilian insurance sector.
Up to 2014, the sector grew strongly, at an annual rate of 15%. However, in 2015 it fell to just below 5% as motor, property and liability insurers suffered from falling incomes and loss of business confidence in the country.
Low oil prices reduce opportunities for commercial insurers
The delays on oil exploration and extraction projects, which have been caused by lower oil prices and the corruption scandal at Petrobras have led to significant cutbacks in investment the oil sector. In a press conference on September 20, 2016 Petrobras' new chief executive Pedro Parente announced a 25% cut to investment.
With Petrobras making up 10% of total Brazilian investment, this has had a significant impact on the flow of construction and exploration projects reaching commercial insurers in Brazil.
D&O insurance benefits from Petrobras scandal
D&O liability insurance has been growing steadily over the past ten to fifteen years as domestic companies gain knowledge about the benefits of these policies from their foreign counterparts. However, in the last year the sector has seen an increase in premiums of almost 60%.
This is in large part due to the corruption scandal involving the state owned oil major, Petrobras and the ruling Worker's Party (PT) which has led to a number of senior executives in Petrobras being questioned by investigators and facing the threat of fines and imprisonment.
This alerted executives and companies in Brazil's business community to the fact that following such a successful action from state prosecutors, they are likely to be bolder and well supported and so they are more likely to face legal action from these parties.
Agricultural insurance suffers from uncertainty over subsidies
Agriculture is a strategically important sector in Brazil's economy, making up almost one third of output and 42% of total exports. As a result the Brazilian government has a number of agricultural insurance subsidy programs to ensure as much stable and consistent output from the sector as is possible.
However, its worsening fiscal position has meant that there is now uncertainty about the funding of the subsidies in the future. Timetric's report explores how the cut in subsidies could impact upon demand for agricultural insurance, especially at a time when the industry is still recovering from global prices for agricultural goods falling since the 2013 peak.
Source: Company Press Release
The African-American chief executive of pharmaceutical giant Merck & Co. Inc. resigned from President Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council Monday after the commander-in-chief failed to condemn white nationalists for deadly violence at a weekend rally in Charlottesville, Va.
“Our country's strength stems from its diversity and the contributions made by men and women of different faiths, faces, sexual orientations and political beliefs. America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal,” Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier said in a statement announcing his departure from the council.
“As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism,” Frazier added.
Less than an hour after Merck released Frazier's statement, Trump slammed the exec in a tweet.
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
“Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!” Trump posted.
Frazier's resignation came after Trump sparked a national backlash Saturday by suggesting that “many sides” were to blame for violence during a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump under fire for blaming Charlottesville violence on 'many sides' 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
One person was killed and more than 19 others were injured during protests at the rally after a car plowed through a group of counter-protesters who were demonstrating against racism.
Trump, in Saturday remarks from his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, said, “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
He added that hate and division in the country must stop, but that it is not linked to his presidency because it has "been going on for a long, long time."
"No matter our color, creed, religion, our political party, we are all Americans first," he said, adding that he'd like for his administration to "study" why such violence is occurring. He didn't take questions from reporters.
Asked for clarification, a White House official later said: "The President was condemning hatred, bigotry and violence from all sources and all sides. There was violence between protesters and counterprotesters today." Vice President Mike Pence told NBC News that the president "stated clearly that he condemns hate and violence in all of its forms."
After Trump's statement Saturday, many Republicans and Democrats criticized Trump for failing to single out white nationalists for the violence.
FORT BEND COUNTY, Texas - Maintenance crews at Fort Bend ISD have been working around the clock to fix air conditioning problems across the district.
A spokesperson for FBISD said after the three-day weekend and the high temperatures, the AC units at Quail Valley Elementary School and Marshall High School had issues pumping out cool air.
Contractors, along with district facility crews, repaired the air conditioners at the elementary school overnight.
“They have it back up and running, doing what they can to get the students comfortable,” said Andrea Caycedo, parent of a fifth-grader. “I know they were working on it yesterday around 11 o'clock and they've been working on it since, so I don't know, they're doing what they can.”
Over at Marshall, students said Tuesday was warm inside the school.
“It was hot. Usually, it would be really cold and I wear my hoodie, but yesterday I came in a hoodie, a pair of shorts and pants over it and it was really hot,” said Nickesha Grazea, a senior at Marshall. “After we got over our exam, everybody went to the cafeteria because it was cooler in there.”
“They said it was not working and they had to get fans to blow in the hallway,” explained Victor Fagbolu, a senior who is attending Praire View A&M in the fall. “It was definitely hotter than usual, the hottest day we had in the school.”
FBISD said crews worked overnight to fix the AC at Marshall.
“It was alright, but for today they turned on the AC and I was really happy,” explained Temia Edwards, a senior at Marshall.
She said even though it was warm, it was a half-day and with only a day left of school, most students got over it.
“I didn't really care about the heat, I'm just here for school,” said Edwards. “Houston has bipolar weather, so you just got to live with it.”
“I'm not going to lie, it was kind of hard for me because I'm not used to the heat, but it was like we only got two days left, so just sit and chill,” said Brieunna Gonzales, a senior at Marshall.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Peter O'Mahony will captain the British & Irish Lions against the Maori All Blacks Rotorua International Stadium on Saturday, one of seven Irish players in the matchday squad.
Head coach Warren Gatland has confirmed that the Munster flanker will keep the armband even if as expected Sam Warburton is introduced off the bench.
Johnny Sexton and Conor Murray will form the half-back pairing on Saturday (8.35am, live on RTÉ Radio and live blog on rte.ie). for what is being billed as the ‘4th Test' as the Lions look to bounce back from the defeat by the Highlanders.
Tadhg Furlong joins Saracens pair Mako Vunipola and Jamie George in the front row, while O'Mahony will have international team-mate Seán O'Brien and Toby Faletau for company in the back row.
Leigh Halfpenny given the nod at full-back, and Anthony Watson and George North selected on the wings. Jonathan Davies has passed his HIA and will form a midfield partnership with Ben T'eo.
"To get the nod from Warren this weekend is hugely special, not just me but for all the clubs, people and family who have put effort into me."
Jack McGrath and Iain Henderson are poised for action off the bench.
Owen Farrell, Sexton's main rival for the Test number 10 jersey, was also due to play a substitute's role but the England man has suffered a quadriceps strain in training and has been withdrawn from the Maori clash, replaced by Wales' Dan Biggar.
O'Mahony says the captaincy is a special moment in his career.
"It's a huge honour, obviously to be picked for the Lions at all is a massive honour," he said.
"To get the nod from Warren this weekend is hugely special, not just me but for all the clubs, people and family who have put effort into me. It's a huge honour.
"We want to win but first and foremost we need a performance. Whatever comes after that is what comes.
"We need to be stepping up and guys to stick your hands up."
Gatland insists tour captain Warburton will take it on the chin if he does not win selection for the first New Zealand Test.
"Sam's well aware of the competition that is there at the moment," said Gatland.
"He fully understands that that loose forward trio (O'Mahony, O'Brien and Taulupe Faletau) went outstandingly well against the Crusaders.
"The challenge for them is to repeat it. And if they do it again, we'll make what we think is the right selection for the Test match.
"One of the reasons we selected him as captain of the squad is that he is an absolute quality player.
"But this tour isn't about Sam Warburton, it's about putting the squad first.
"If he's not involved in the first Test because of the performance on Saturday night he will fully understand that.
"But he'll get some game time and some opportunity to keep improving his match fitness because he hasn't had a lot of rugby in recent weeks.
"This is important for him. He got a run-out against the Highlanders, I thought he was good for a long period of the game.
"Sean O'Brien hasn't had a lot of rugby either. So they'll both get game time and Sam gets another chance on Saturday night to come and perform.
"Peter will continue to lead the team (if Warburton comes on); I think that's only fair.
"You wouldn't change your match captain to your tour captain as he comes on the field. Sam's comfortable with that.
"I don't think that's the right thing, that's not the normal way that would happen."
Gatland insisted Warburton's ability to cope with setbacks and remain resolute was one of the key reasons why he was named Lions captain in the first place.
"Sam's character is hugely helpful; sometimes guys will be disappointed, one or two may feel they haven't had a chance," said Gatland.
"That's the hardest thing about going on tour. But it's how you deal with that.
"We want people disappointed if they are not selected, but it's then how you deal with that and how you respond.
"You've got to put that behind you, and be a positive influence and positive character around the squad. So far we've seen that."
Gatland hailed Saturday's Lions captain O'Mahony as a man who can bring the intangible will to win that has underscored Munster's modern-era success.
"I think sometimes it's not something that you can quantify, what Munster bring to a game," said Gatland.
"It's a special pride, sometimes the performances they can produce, (they've) done consistently over the years - being able to dig deep and bring performances from places where individuals and collectively people often can't do.
"That's what Peter will bring to the team on Saturday."
Lions team v Maori All Blacks: L Halfpenny (Wales); A Watson (England), J Davies (Wales), B Te'o (England), G North (Wales); J Sexton, C Murray (both Ireland); M Vunipola, J George (both England), T Furlong (Ireland), M Itoje, G Kruis (both England), P O'Mahony (capt, Ireland), S O'Brien (Ireland), T Faletau (Wales).
Replacements: K Owens (Wales), J McGrath (Ireland), K Sinckler (England), I Henderson (Ireland), S Warburton (Wales), G Laidlaw (Scotland), D Biggar (Wales), E Daly (both England).
There will be a Jim Bowie Days bass tournament after all.
The event will take place from 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. on June 17, with the weigh-in to follow, at Amon G. Carter Lake in rural Bowie.
Registration will begin at 5 a.m. at the Selma Park boat ramp.
There will be cash prizes for the top-3 teams, and the big bass winner competition.
The entry fee is $100 per team.
Proceeds from the tournament will benefit the Bowie High School Bass Club, which is coming off its most successful season yet.
For information, call Rusty Edwards at 1-940-872-5311.
Selma Park boat ramp will be the site of the weigh-in for the Jim Bowie Days bass tournament set for Sunday starting with a 5 a.m. registration. (News file photo by Barbara Green)
FILE - In this Aug. 17, 2012, file photo, Baltimore Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis reacts as he is introduced before an NFL preseason football game against the Detroit Lions in Baltimore. Lewis was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. Nick Wass, File AP Photo
Miami hockey opens the 2017-18 season at home tonight at 7:35 p.m. with a non-conference game against the No. 5 Providence Friars. The RedHawks look to bounce back from last season's 9-20-7 record (5-14-5 National Collegiate Hockey Conference) with the help of returning captain senior defenseman Louis Belpedio and seven freshmen.
The RedHawks are optimistic prior to puck drop, as history bodes well for the team that struggled last season. The NCHC preseason poll slated Miami to finish fifth, though the last two times Miami finished seventh or lower in conference standings, it would go on to win a conference title (2005-06) or conference tournament (2015 NCHC) the following year.
“I think it's been a good week for us being able to get into a routine. I like our energy level,” Head Coach Enrico Blasi said in a press conference on Tuesday. “Obviously, it's still early so some of our energy level needs to be cleaned up, but for the most part it's been a good five weeks in terms of getting themselves ready to this point and now we can start working on some things that we can get better at.”
Belpedio was part of the conference tournament championship as a freshman and is a welcome return to the team. Many thought the third-round NHL draft pick would sign with the Minnesota Wild. Only playing 24 games last season due to injury, Belpedio tallied an impressive 17 points. He will be a crucial part of Miami's defense against the Friars and as a leader to Miami's still young team.
Nineteen of Miami's 28 are underclassmen and seven of those 19 will make their college hockey debut tonight at the Steve ‘Coach' Cady Arena.
“When you talk about freshmen coming in, there's a lot for them to grasp early on in terms of systems and just the pace of play, so I think they're adjusting really well,” Blasi said. “In terms of how and how much they're going to impact our team, that remains to be seen.”
Miami returns 17 letterwinners, 82.4 percent of its goals, 81.7 percent of its points and every minute of goaltending from last year.
Notably, junior forwards Kiefer Sherwood and Josh Melnick lead the returning players in points with 38 and 27 last season, respectively. Sophomore Carson Meyer will look to replicate the success he had from last season with 26 points (10g, 16a) in 32 games. Impressive enough to be drafted in the sixth-round by the Columbus Blue Jackets in last season's NHL draft.
On defense, the RedHawks will look to junior defenseman Grant Hutton whose nine goals were the most by a defenseman since Alec Martinez also scored nine in the 2007-08 season. Hutton led the Red and White in plus/minus last season and undoubtedly helped sophomore goaltender Ryan Larkin defend the net.
Larkin started 33 of 36 games for the 'Hawks last season, ending with 2.77 goals against average and a .910 save percentage. Larkin helped his team stay competitive last season — 26 of 36 games were decided by two goals or fewer.
“I think our older guys have done a good job of making sure our younger guys understand the standard we come to the rink with,” Blasi said. “From our senior class and our captain Belpedio, to our juniors and the rest of our captains in Melnick and Hutton and Sherwood, I think those guys have done a real nice job of making sure that, not just the freshman, but the team is ready to go for the task on any particular day.”
Opening their season against the Friars has become routine for the RedHawks — this will be the third season in a row the two teams face off to start the hockey season. Last year, the teams split the two-day series in Providence, RI and the year before the 'Hawks lost the two games at home. The Friars have a 7-5-3 series advantage over the RedHawks.
“First and foremost, [Providence] is a really good hockey team. They're well coached, they're going to play hard. They're going to come into here with a lot of confidence, a lot of experience,” Blasi said. “Our games against each other are always hard fought battles and played the right way. That's part of the reason why we really like Providence because it gets us prepared for what we will expect in our league play.”
Providence was 22-12-5 last season — its fourth consecutive season with 20-plus wins — and 9-7-2 on the road. It was also its fourth consecutive appearance in the NCAA Tournament.
Nineteen players return for the Friars and the RedHawks need to be mindful of four of the Friars' five top scorers from last season. Senior forward Brian Pinho, junior forward Erik Foley, sophomore forward Josh Wilkins and junior forward Scott Conway all had 12-plus goals last season and will challenge Miami's defense.
On the other end, Miami's top forwards look to pass junior goaltender Hayden Hawkey who started all 39 games, had a 2.19 goals against average and a .913 save percentage.
Miami hockey will also honor a former Miami student and Miami hockey manager, Brendan Burke by hosting the Can Play Series. The initiative's motto reads “If you can play, you can play,” and advocates for LGBTQ rights in sports. Burke came out as openly gay during his time at Miami and then died tragically in an automobile accident. The RedHawks will wear specially designed jerseys to honor Burke both tonight and tomorrow.
The games can be watched on NCHC TV. Puck drop is at 7:35 p.m. tonight and 8 p.m. tomorrow night.
Comments
SOUTH SIMCOE POLICE SERVICE
South Simcoe Police Service officers are appealing for the public's help to identify a man wanted for shoplifting fragrances from a Bradford drug store. Police were called to the store on Holland St. West around 3:30 p.m. on Saturday, June 30, 2018 by an employee who reported a theft that had occurred earlier in the day. Upon arrival, officers learned the same suspect had also been in the store on Friday, June 29, 2018. Investigation revealed that items had also been stolen on that day. The suspect is described as white with blue eyes, a shaved head and clean shaven. He was wearing black jeans and a black PUMA jacket with white lettering on the left breast area. He was seen driving a green, four-door vehicle with a flag mounted on the driver's side window. Anyone who can identify this suspect is asked to call South Simcoe Police at 905-775-3311, 705-436-2141 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477(TIPS).
The premiere episode of the sixth and final season of Lena Dunham's Girls was–needless to say, perhaps–filled with facepalm moments. How do we count the ways? It would be reasonable to devote an entire post to the absurdity of the dramatic opening montage of people reading Hannah's (Dunham) first piece in the New York Times, which is, of course, about Adam (Adam Driver) and Jessa (Jemima Kirke).
Below is a screenshot of that supposedly life-changing piece:
CREDIT: Nicole Schilder / HBO
But the more important development in the first episode was the introduction of rising actor and rapper Riz Ahmed (The Night Of, Rogue One, The OA, Swet Shop Boys) as a new love interest for Hannah. Ahmed plays a super-chill nomadic surf instructor Hannah meets while on a writing assignment in Montauk. He awakens her to the evils of the cynical New York City mentality and woos her (cue long bunk-bed sex scene) with some impromptu #dope rhymes–that is, him rapping over Twista's “Slow Jamz”–in the club.
There is symmetry with Donald Glover's suspect and short-lived appearance at the beginning of Season 2 here. Also, it's funny that Girls now has two major cast members in common with Star Wars.
You can scroll to 1:09 in the “Inside the Episode” video below for a very short sampling of the “Slow Jamz” moment, and find plenty of other even more nonsensical and upsetting tidbits from the season premiere woven in. For instance, how about that really weird joke about Shailene Woodley (co-star of the upcoming HBO show Big Little Lies, mind you) and her unconventional tanning methods? Girls are very much back, folks.
FILE - In this April 18, 2018 file photo, former FBI director James Comey poses with his book "A Higher Loyalty" at a Barnes & Noble book store in New York. Flatiron Books announced Tuesday that sales topped 600,000 copies, a number that includes print, audio and e-books. The former FBI director's memoir has been one of the year's most anticipated releases. Frank Franklin II, File AP Photo
That amazing future, where you don't have to bother installing software, because everything's on the internet? Already here. But you probably knew that anyway, through using Google Maps and Google Docs, and Google Everything Else.
What you might not know is the sheer range of things you can do in a browser, and how brilliant many web apps have become. Stuff set two rules for inclusion in this list: the apps have to be properly good; and absolutely no Flash (because Adobe says it's soon going to live on a farm).
Juanita Gonzalez
October 10, 1966 – February 12, 2017
FORESTBURG – Juanita Gonzalez, 50, died Feb. 12, 2017 in Forestburg, TX.
A rosary was at 6 p.m. Feb. 14 at The White Family Funeral Home.
A mass of Christian burial will be at 11 a.m. Feb. 15, 2017 at the St. Williams Catholic Church in Montague. Burial will follow at Perryman Cemetery in Forestburg.
Gonzalez was born Oct. 10, 1966 in Zaragoza, Cochuila, Mexico to Manuel and Antonia (Munoz) Ibarra. She was a homemaker.
She is preceded in death by her mother, Antonia Munoz Dominguez; and sister, Carmela Ibarra.
She is survived by her husband, Juan Gonzalez, Forestburg; sons, Juan Gonzalez Jr., Ismael Rivas, Jose Gonzalez and Fernando Gonzalez all of Forestburg; daughters, Liliana Gonzalez and Nancy Gonzalez, Forestburg; father, Manuel Ibarra, Gainesville; four grandchildren; sisters, Maria De La Luz Villarreal, Forestburg, Maria Concepcion Valdez, Mexico, Rosa Maria Rodriguez, Gainesville and Maria Guadalupe Ibarra, Mexico; brothers, Paz Ibarra, Alvord, Cipriano Ibarra, Bridgeport, Jose Manuel Ibarra, Mexico, Jesus Ibarra, Chico and Hector Javier Ibarra, Whitesboro; and numerous nieces and nephews.
Apr 24, 2018
In the past three years, the world has made some progress toward the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals for 2030, but the fundamental issue of financing the SDGs remains unresolved. And, with the financial sector strongly oriented toward short-termism, the necessary investments may never materialize.
NEW YORK – In 2015, United Nations member states came together and committed to achieving a comprehensive and universal set of 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) spanning all dimensions of economic and social development.
Exclusive insights. Every week. For less than $1. Learn More
Investment will be indispensable to achieving the SDGs, which aim to eliminate poverty, end hunger, combat climate change, build resilient infrastructure, and promote inclusive and sustainable economic growth. Yet, three years on, we still have not done nearly enough to leverage our financial systems in pursuit of the SDGs.
The UN, in coordination with almost 60 agencies and international institutions, recently published an assessment of the world's progress toward changing financing, policies, and regulations to achieve the SDGs. It finds that, despite positive momentum on sustainable investment, the goals will not be met unless we shift the entire financial system toward long-term investment horizons, and make sustainability a central concern. Without a long-term perspective, certain risks, especially those associated with climate change, will not be priced into private investment decisions.
Global financial flows are vast, yet the quality of investment matters. Currently, short-term investment patterns are driving capital-market and exchange-rate volatility, and significantly raising the costs and risks of sustainable investment, particularly for developing countries. If we create incentives to steer the flow of financing toward long-term infrastructure projects like bridges, roads, and water and sewage systems, we would be making a major contribution to both development and stability.
And those investment projects must be more environmentally and socially sustainable. Because today's investments, particularly in energy systems, will lock in development paths for decades to come, more must be done to ensure that investments now, and in the future, do not undermine our efforts to address climate change. Moreover, as with all economic policies, gender equality needs to become a central consideration.
Transforming finance will not be easy. Today's capital markets are highly oriented toward short-termism, as evidenced by capital-flow volatility and the short holding period of stocks in some developed markets, which has fallen from an average of eight years in the 1960s to eight months today. And while long-term institutional investors hold around $80 trillion in assets, with about half of these representing long-term liabilities, nearly 75% are held in liquid instruments, whereas just 3% are in infrastructure.
The same tendency is prevalent in the real economy. In 2016, S&P 500 companies spent more than 100% of their earnings on dividends and share buybacks, which boost stock prices in the short run, rather than raising long-term value through investment. A February 2017 McKinsey Global Institute survey found that 87% of corporate executives and directors feel “pressured to demonstrate strong financial performance within two years or less,” while 65% say that “short-term pressure has increased over the past five years.” Moreover, 55% said they would delay investments in projects with positive returns in order to hit quarterly balance-sheet targets.
Shifting investors from short-termism toward long-term thinking is a prerequisite for achieving all of our economic, social, and environmental goals. But the private sector will not make this transition by itself. Policymakers must step in and provide leadership. Markets do not operate fairly and in the public interest without well-considered and well-enforced rules set by governments. Aside from public investment, this is one of the state's most essential functions.
Specifically, transforming global finance will require changes in prudential regulations, capital requirements, investment-firm culture, and executive compensation, which will require new and more appropriate longer-term benchmarks. Reforms to accounting practices, especially for illiquid investments, will also be necessary, for example, to reduce the short-term bias introduced by mark-to-market accounting. And institutional investors must adopt a broader interpretation of fiduciary duty, which should focus on the long term and incorporate all factors that have a material impact on returns, be they financial, environmental, social, or governance-related.
With 12 years to go, it may seem like the world has plenty of time to make progress toward the SDGs. But the UN's past experiences with goal-oriented initiatives show that it is important to take decisive action early on in the process. Making matters worse, escalating geopolitical and trade tensions threaten to set us back, rather than take us forward. Such disagreements must not stand in the way of reaching the SDGs and building a sustainable future.
Above all, that future needs to be financed. Though many public and private institutions at various levels of international finance have already started to change, the overall financial system has yet to experience the sort of transformation that is needed. We have all agreed on what we need to do; now we must do it.
Miami Marlins' Marcell Ozuna watches his solo home run during the fourth inning of the team's baseball game against the Oakland Athletics, Tuesday, June 13, 2017, in Miami. Lynne Sladky AP Photo
The Matthew Prosch family — Jocelyn, Sawyer and Brady, Matt and Chandra.
By Shelly Finzen
lbvjeditor@gmail.com
On Saturday, June 10, Lake Benton community member Matthew Prosch announced the launch of his campaign for US Representative of District 7 on the Republican ticket. Pro­sch was introduced by Eddy Lee Felder, Jr., who is the Vice- President of Human Resources for the University of South Da­kota, Vermillion, South Dakota. Felder concluded his introduc­tion with “Enough said, vote red.”
Prosch's launch party was held at the Lake Benton Com­munity Center where area vot­ers had the chance to visit with him to learn of his views. The Lake Benton Valley Journal had the chance to visit with Prosch in his home recently.
For the full story, read this week's Lake Benton Valley Journal.
Kurt Busch was the last to do the Indy 500-Coke 600 Double in 2014. Will we see a driver run the Double again anytime soon? If so, who might that be?
Kyle Petty: For me, the bigger question is why? Why try it? It's been done. By multiple drivers with various levels of success. John Andretti for me will always be “The Man” for being the first. Tony Stewart ranks because he truly had a shot at wins in both. Any driver now trying “The Double” could only hope to be a contender in one and a footnote in the other. Both series have upped their game, it would be tougher to win. I'm not saying someone won't try, but once you've watched the same PR stunt three or four times … well, you know.
Nate Ryan: No.
Dustin Long: No. Cup car owners aren't going to let one of their drivers run in the Indy 500 because so much is tied up in those drivers on the Cup side. Unless an IndyCar driver comes with money, they're not going to get the chance to run the Coca-Cola 600 because of relative lack of performance from such drivers in NASCAR (Tony Stewart notwithstanding).
Daniel McFadin: Yes, and it will be Kyle Larson. Both he and owner Chip Ganassi have indicated they want it to happen. Someone just needs to cave and say “Let's do it.”
Dan Beaver: Unless IndyCar moves the race into an earlier, less desirable slot no one is going to be able to do it. But if they do, Kyle Larson is the most obvious pick. His passion for racing in general will eventually get the best of him and get him to test those open wheelers.
Brad Keselowski, Kurt Busch, Denny Hamlin, Ryan Blaney, Aric Almirola, Kyle Larson, Jimmie Johnson, Erik Jones, Chase Elliott and Alex Bowman are among the drivers who have yet to win this season. Who is the next driver to win for the first time this season?
Kyle Petty: Erik Jones … Pocono! That's just one of those tracks. We've seen it with Blaney, Hamlin when he first came into Cup and a few others. It's so different from everything else that they run that someone with a good team (JGR) and a young driver with talent (Erik) can sneak up on the usual suspects!
Nate Ryan: Denny Hamlin. Though he hasn't been as good at Pocono since the 2012 repave, he could break through Sunday or next weekend at Michigan given that Joe Gibbs Racing has turned the corner.
Dustin Long: Brad Keselowski. Fords will continue to dominate and Keselowski will get a win soon enough.
Daniel McFadin: Denny Hamlin. He has three top fives and one top 10 in the last five races and aside from the threat of speeding penalties, he is the only driver among those listed who has really managed to put together complete races in the last five events.
Dan Beaver: Denny Hamlin stayed out of trouble last week at Charlotte and earned his fifth top five in the last six races there. Perhaps that means he is returning to predictability on tracks that have been kind to him in the past, so he not only gets the next win, it could happen this weekend at Pocono.
Chevrolet teams did not lead a lap in the Coca-Cola 600 but had four cars finish between fifth and 10th. How do you evaluate where Chevy is at the halfway point of the regular season?
Kyle Petty: For me at this point in the season, the Chevys have made gains but not enough to run as a group and consistently with the Fords and Toyotas. It's a long season, and I'm sure we'll see wins this year from Chevy drivers, but as a group, they are third best in class.
Nate Ryan: Making steady gains but still short of being on the verge of consistently winning. There's enough promise there to indicate the Camaro could be a factor in the playoffs.
Dustin Long: A step forward but still many steps to take to for Chevy to show it can beat the top Fords and Toyotas straight up.
Daniel McFadin: Since the 2017 regular-season finale, Chevy's most consistent hope of winning a race has been Kyle Larson. But despite being a front-runner this year, Larson can't seem to go from green flag to checkered flag without something going wrong. As of now, Chevrolet needs to hope its fortunes take a turn for the best in the second half of the season, like Toyota's did last year with a new car model.
Dan Beaver: They're not out of the woods yet, but it finally appeared that the Chevrolet drivers not only finished strong, but ran well as a group throughout the race. They will start to ease their way up the grid and challenge for victories, but it is difficult to imagine they will capture very many wins because Kevin Harvick and Kyle Busch will continue to dominate.
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter packed more bologna than was thought to be humanly possible into a short letter to the editor last week.
To call the letter disingenuous would be a kindness. It was full of unadulterated nonsense.
"Our government remains committed to students in rural Ontario." Some plans to close rural schools involve disrupting student education and busing youngsters as long as 90 minutes a day one way. Some commitment.
The minister goes on to say the government spends $1,000 more for each rural pupil compared to urban pupils. So what? Of course education in rural areas will be more expensive. It's the density thing.
Hunter then detail all the money that has been spent on rural education, the new schools that have been built and schools that have been renovated.
Thanks very much, but what about the schools that have been closed?
Hunter takes on the Ontario Conservative leader for demanding a moratorium on school closings.
Hunter: "We continue to see Patrick Brown's Conservatives wanting to restrict the local decision making power of school boards limiting a board's ability to prioritize student needs.
"He wants the decisions that impact local students and communities to be made at Queen's Park without giving the locally-elected trustees . . . the opportunity to have these important planning conversations."
However, Hunter fails to mention these are decisions within a framework of her ministry's making. Local decisions are dictated by funding models that come right out of her department.
Under those models, local boards close schools or lose money. The bureaucrats who run local boards also fall out of favour with their counterparts at Queen's Park if they don't get on the school closing bandwagon.
Of course, this is all about politics and the provincial election in June 2018. Hunter's Liberals are about as popular in rural Ontario as a drunk at a Women's Christian Temperance Union meeting.
Two schools in the Georgian Bay region have escaped the ministry's guillotine at least temporarily because their communities came up with plans to provide financial help.
Private industry is in involved. Local government is involved. A developer is involved.
Neither Hunter's ministry nor the local school board lifted a finger to help keep these schools open, even though the case for closing them was weak at best.
The fact these two schools have been saved was just announced. Hunter is expected to visit the schools in Paisley and Markdale Wednesday.
No reason for the visit has been announced, but if she claims any credit for her ministry she should be shown the route out of town.
jmerriam@bmts.com
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
1:17 Adam Gase discusses Dolphins loss against the Patriots
Measure designed to reduce pay inequities between women and men
Gov. John Carney on Wednesday signed a new law that will prevent employers from requesting the pay history of job applicants.
The legislation is designed to reduce pay inequities between men and women.
Sponsored by House Majority Leader Valerie Longhurst, D-Bear, the bipartisan legislation – which takes effect in December – also prohibits employers from screening applicants based on previous compensation history.
Advertisement
Delaware will become the first state to enact such changes into law. Massachusetts passed a similar measure last year that will take effect in January.
The few critics of the bill claimed it would provide more regulations in a state that needs to present a business-friendly image.
“All Delawareans should expect to be compensated equally for performing the same work,” said Carney. “This new law will help guarantee that across our state, and address a persistent wage gap between men and women. Thank you to Representative Longhurst and members of the General Assembly of both parties for your leadership on this issue.”
“Pay inequity should not exist in the first place,” said Lieutenant Governor Bethany Hall-Long. “Unfortunately, women often have to work harder for our success and to be paid the same as our male counterparts. We still only make 78 cents for every dollar a man makes. This legislation will provide a crucial step toward equalizing wages and eliminating this gap. We owe it to the hardworking women and mothers out there today, and our young girls who will make up our future workforce, to create a level playing field for all of them.”
“Closing the wage gap is a major economic issue for our state and we should do everything in our power as legislators to work to even the playing field and empower the next generation of young women,” said Longhurst. “Delaware is making history today, as we will be the first state to have a wage history law in effect. This new law will protect all prospective employees from having their previous jobs' salary potentially used against them when seeking work. People should be judged and paid based on their qualifications and not have their previous salaries count against them.”
“I am proud to be a sponsor of this legislation. All issues as they relate to wages and salary schedules should be gender-neutral,” said House Minority Whip Deborah Hudson, R-north Wilmington. “A person's gender should not be a factor in what we pay an individual for a particular job. This bill ensures we make that happen.”
CHISHIMBA Kambwili went too far in his attacks on Patriotic Front (PF) deputy general secretary Mumbi Phiri. Even by his standards, which we assume are not high.
He did go below the belt when he unleashed his attack on Ms Phiri.
The PF's decision to expel Mr Kambwili from the party seems to have unhinged him and he has transformed into some unrecognisable being. Yes, the man has always been a motor mouth, but whereas before he was constrained to behave because of dictates of public office, he now seems to be a loose canon ready to unleash insults at anyone and anywhere.
This behaviour is however, at odds with the public office that he occupies as MP and definitely not something that should be expected from someone seeking to occupy the highest office in the land.
How can he even consider that he would take over the reins of a civilized society with such conduct.
Is Zambia so short of candidates that the citizenry would fall for such a charlatan?
We think not.
A good leader listens and talks less. We have 168 members of Parliament and it would be nice to listen to some of them every so often whether inside the House or outside.
Some of them have been very quiet in Parliament not because they have nothing to say but because they prepare what they have to say.
When one is in public office, it is incumbent upon the individual to conform to basic decency in the manner that they interact with others.
Being an MP holding a public office and therefore subject to public scrutiny and criticism, and anyone occupying that office should be mindful of the importance of the office and the need to behave with decorum.
And it is in this context that we want to advise Mr Kambwili to behave like a civilised being towards others.
It is indeed sickening to bring private issues to the public just because one is upset and is in the “moment.” A leader must be calm, slow to anger or react but ready to listen.
This behaviour of threatening others when one is peeved does not befit an elected official.
How many times will Mr Kambwili apologise because of his loose mouth?
Not long ago, he was in the Southern Province apologising for having insulted the people of that region when he wielded power as Information and Broadcasting Minister. In his apology, he claimed that he was possessed, by an evil spirit, one would assume.
Now the question that people who have followed his daily rantings would ask, is whether the demons that possessed him are being exorcised from his soul? Or is he still under the influence of the same demons? Only he (Kambwili) can answer that.
We agree with those condemning him for letting his mouth control him.
In an apparent heat of the moment, Mr Kambwili let his mouth run loose and unleashed a barrage of attacks on Ms Mumbi in which he revealed that he donated tissues to her because she was too poor to afford them.
3rd Liberation Movement president Enock Tonga feels that Mr Kambwili's remarks are a direct insult against women and his apology to Ms Phiri is just a ploy to pull her leg and should not be taken seriously.
We are also wondering why Mr Kambwili seems to take delight in poking fun at the plight of poor people.
When one renders help, it should be from their hearts and not because they want to use that information to demean someone's suffering at a later date.
If Mr Kambwili has never been poor, we want to remind him that it is okay to be poor. It is not a crime. But it should not be a source of joy. Only one with a twisted mind would enjoy and make fun of the poor.
One can be poor and work hard to improve their lot.
It would appear that those who have received help in any form from Mr Kambwili should be wary.
The man has no scruples and decency to respect the privacy of others, even his friends should be wary of his “gifts.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
A river of molten lava from Hawaii's erupting Kilauea volcano could be on course to collide with a geothermal power plant, which provides about 25 percent of electricity on Hawaii's Big Island.
On Tuesday, officials said that efforts to plug the Puna Geothermal Venture's plant's 11 wells were successful, but that no test for what could occur if lava made contact with the wells.
"The well field at PGV is essentially safe," Hawaii Emergency Management Administrator Thomas Travis said during a press conference on Tuesday afternoon, local time, according to NBC affiliate KHNL. "The well field is as safe as we can get the well field. The probability of anything happening if lava enters the well field is very, very low. They should feel pretty comfortable that there should be no untoward events from Puna Geothermal, assuming the lava doesn't change its pattern or flow."
Ten wells were "quenched," which cools them with enough cold water to counter the pressure of volcanic steam coming from below, said Hawaii Gov. David Ige.
The last well was plugged with mud, because it had remained hot despite the infusion of water. Metal plugs in the wells, which run as deep as 8,000 feet underground, are an additional stopgap measure.
"All wells are stable at this point," Ige said.
But lava had already destroyed an old warehouse near the facility on Tuesday, local officials said.
“Fissures near Puna Geothermal Venture are active and producing lava slowly flowing onto the property,” County of Hawaii Civil Defense said in a statement. “This activity has destroyed the former Hawaii Geothermal Project site,” it said, referring to the warehouse.
Lava spews from fissure #21 of the Kilauea volcano on Tuesday in the Leilani Estates subdivision of Pahoa, Hawaii. AFP - Getty Images
Although workers plugged the wells, if the lava does make contact with the geothermal plant, greater problems could occur. The worst scenario, according to Hawaii News Now, is that lava enters the wells and releases toxic gases into the air.
Twice lava has come within approximately 300 to 600 feet of the plant, Travis said.
If the gas — hydrogen sulfide — is released, residents will be notified and would need to be removed from the area, Ige said.
Puna Geothermal, owned by Nevada's Ormat Technologies, was shut down shortly after Kilauea began spewing lava on May 3. The plant harnesses heat and steam from the earth's core to spin turbines that generate power.
A flammable gas called pentane is used as part of the process, though officials earlier this month removed 50,000 gallons of it from the plant to reduce the chance of explosions.
About 3 miles to the east of the plant on the coast, noxious clouds of acid fumes, along with steam and fine glass-like particles billowed into the sky as lava poured into the ocean from two lava flows.
Video
Descendants of the Highland Clearances evictees are to buy land back from Duke of Sutherland's family.
A community group has secured funding to purchase 3,000 acres of land around Helmsdale.
The land was offered for sale by the Sutherland family, whose ancestor instigated the brutal clearances in the early 1800s.
Video
Caroline Lucas has said that she will stand down as co-leader of the Green Party.
Here are some things you might not know about her.
The following traffic advisory includes road construction and major maintenance projects requiring long-term lane restrictions and/or closures along the state and federal highway system in Highland County. For statewide information regarding road conditions affected by weather, construction, maintenance or accidents, visit ODOT on the web at www.Ohgo.com
A resurfacing project has begun on U.S. Route 62, from Sorg Road to just south of Muhlbach Road, south of Hillsboro. Throughout construction, traffic will be maintained in one lane with the use of flaggers, and the project is anticipated to be completed in mid-fall.
Operations are underway for a resurfacing project on SR 138, where crews will be paving the route between SR 131 and Oak Street in the city of Hillsboro. Throughout construction, traffic will be maintained in one lane by flaggers when crews are at work, and the project is scheduled to be completed in mid-fall.
Operations for a bridge replacement project on Lewis Lane are underway. The project site is situated east ofSelph Road, near the end of the roadway, and throughout construction traffic will be maintained on temporary pavement and by flaggers as needed. All work is scheduled to be completed in mid to late fall.
SR 28 is closed in the community of East Monroe for a bridge replacement project. The project site is located between Barger Road and Martinsburg Road, approximately 2.5 miles east of Leesburg, and throughout construction motorists will be detoured via SR 771 and SR 138. The route is scheduled to be open in late October, and all work is anticipated to be complete in late fall.
Submitted by Kathleen Fuller, public information officer, ODOT District 9.
Perched in trees and scampering down sidewalks, green iguanas have become so common across South Florida that many see them not as exotic invaders, but as reptilian squirrels.
Native to Central and South America, green iguanas that escaped or were dumped as pets have been breeding in the Miami suburbs and the Keys for at least a decade without making headlines like other voracious invasive reptiles such as Burmese pythons or black-and-white tegu lizards.
They've been considered mostly harmless because they eat plants instead of native animals. But their burrows undermine seawalls, sidewalks and levees, and they eat their way through valuable landscaping as well as native plants. Their droppings can be a significant cleanup problem, as well as a potential source of salmonella bacteria, which causes food poisoning.
Compared with elusive pythons in the Everglades, iguanas are easy to spot. They can grow to more than 5 feet long, and they like what draws people to Florida: nice landscaping, waterfront views, swimming pools and sunbathing.
One iguana even stopped a first-round tennis match at this year's Miami Open by crawling over a scoreboard onto the court. German player Tommy Haas snapped a selfie with it, but his Czech opponent Jiri Vesely complained to the umpire that he couldn't concentrate. An ATP Tour video shows the umpire telling Vesely, "It's not a dangerous animal."
Trapper Brian Wood easily caught three iguanas one recent afternoon, each roughly 3 feet long, basking on a condominium's seawall in the resort community of Sunny Isles Beach. Using a long fishing pole, he looped wire around their necks, reeled them in, and placed them in a narrow metal cage.
Janet Sarno, board chairwoman at King's Point Imperial Condo, hired Wood because the number of iguanas — big adults and bright green babies — hanging around the building's pool has been growing despite residents' attempts to chase them away or block their entry.
"Maybe 10 years ago, you might see one or two on the seawall. Now there's 20 at a time coming out. There's just too much," she said.
The iguanas burrow under the seawall and first-floor patios, climb trees to reach second-floor balconies and eat the bright blooms off recently planted bougainvillea, Sarno said.
"They just come and they eat, they dig ... they're in the pool," Sarno said. "Lately, there's crap all over. It's terrible."
Wood primarily hunts alligators and tans their skins for luxury leather goods, but he's received so many calls from homeowners seeking help with iguanas in the last several years that he created a pest control business called Iguana Catchers.
He wants to breed the iguanas he catches to sell hatchlings as pets in northern states with cold winters. In the meantime, he euthanizes them and sells their meat as a delicacy. He's also trying to generate interest in iguana skins as a sustainable leather source, alongside alligator and python skins available in his Hollywood store.
"They're like rats, they're always going to be here," Wood said. "I think it's going to be a growing business."
Not much threatens adult iguanas here except cars and cold weather, which has kept them from spreading farther north. Prolonged cold snaps in 2009 and 2010 killed off many of them — news stations showed frigid iguanas stiffly falling from trees — but the population rebounded. Scientists say development has only increased their preferred habitat.
The damage, cleanup and health concerns associated with iguanas, as well as their dramatic population growth, has prompted state officials to start thinking about management strategies.
"Calls from residents about iguanas have increased, which pushed us to address them this year," said Sarah Funck, non-native species program coordinator for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission.
In the Florida Keys, iguanas ate up the host plant for the endangered Miami blue butterfly in Bahia Honda State Park. Nearly 600 iguanas have been removed from the park in the last two fiscal years, according to Florida's Department of Environmental Protection, but the quarter-sized butterflies haven't returned.
State officials worry their digging may exacerbate long-term ecological damage if their burrows destabilize water restoration projects or flood-control structures near the Everglades. The South Florida Water Management District has reinforced some canal banks in Palm Beach County to prevent damage from burrowing iguanas, said Rory Feeney, the district's land resources bureau chief.
"Burrowing in these levees, particularly around structures, can cause hydraulic eddies and can increase erosion to our system," Feeney said.
Florida wants to protect its smaller native lizards and keep green iguanas from becoming as big a pest as they have become in the Caribbean. In the Cayman Islands, researchers have confirmed with DNA evidence that green iguanas have hybridized with native iguanas.
On Grand Cayman, the adult green iguana population grew from 127,660 in 2014 to more than 400,000 last year, according to Jane Haakonsson, a researcher with the terrestrial resources unit of the Cayman Islands' environment department. An experimental hunt in July on the 22-mile-long island netted nearly 14,500 iguanas — 16 tons of carcasses — hardly enough to control them.
"Everyone is complaining about it. Everyone has issues with their pools and their gardens, and on the roads they're being run over all the time," Haakonsson said. "A lot of the hatchings being born are surviving. What we're doing is not stopping them."
An utterly unreliable source, nowhere close to the prime minister and his inner circle, who wishes to remain anonymous, and in whom I have hardly any trust whatsoever, tells me the Trudeau government may be seeking a refund from their Deliverology Guru.*
The shaman of Deliverology (a barbarous and most uninspired coinage) is Mr. Michael Barber. A shortcut for understanding what he does is to think of him as a kind of Tony Robbins for immature governments. A deliverologist is a slick confidence booster for the unprepared, for those who sweep into public office (sometimes much to their own surprise) and who promised the moon and most of the outlying planets in the hope to get there, and are now in desperate need of a hired astronomer (or consultant) to get them off the hook.
Trudeau and his top advisers brought Sir Michael into the game to teach them how to deliver (how to promise they needed no help on; Liberals promise as salmon go upstream — it's their innate compulsion and gift). But now, at mid-point in the Trudeau term, where's the beef?
Trudeau brought Sir Michael into the game to teach them how to deliver
Did Trudeau deliver on a new electoral system by getting ride of first-past-the-post? Nein. No delivery there. Perfect failure. As were the vaporous hearings on electoral reform, which were scuttled by the very minister who set them up.
Has he repaired the country's relationship with First Nation's people? Uh Uh. The MMIW inquiry might be compared to a drawing room farce, were the subject matter not so sensitive. It has appalled the very people it was set up to serve, brought tears from many who once saw it as an instrument of mercy, and has lost the best people to conduct the inquiry through their resignations. Huge, messy, sad flop on a very sensitive file. I guess Mr. Barber and the crackerjack wisdoms of Deliverology, here, once again, failed, yes, to deliver.
Tax reform. There is no need to detail this chaos. The video file from the Oakville town meeting with the finance minister provides all you need to see on how well this is not going over. Deliverology failure once again.
And now to the biggest file of all. Energy and the Environment
And now to the biggest file of all. Energy and the Environment. Striking the Balance. Social Licence and the Carbon Dioxide Tax. Has Trudeau delivered on the promise to strike the perfect balance between Energy and the Environment? Well, if your idea of the perfect balance is one end of the scale hitting the roof (that would be the Green end), and the other collapsed on the floor (that would be the Energy and Pipelines end), then he has. However, if you're more inclined to see balance as two scales more or less in equilibrious harmony, then it's a real bust.
Thursday, TransCanada, having spent close to a billion dollars already trying to move Energy East forward, announced it was not going ahead with the project. It rightly, though diplomatically, put the blame on the overreach of the National Energy Board, with the expanded scope of its regulations and requirements. A huge $15-billion project cancelled. This, mere weeks after Petronas walked away from any even more gigantic enterprise of some $36 to 39-billion. Some five or six major outside investors have left the Alberta oilfields. All of this after Fort McMurray almost burnt to the ground, oil prices dropped, and jobs lost have run into the tens of thousands.
And then there's Trans Mountain, which the government has “approved.” I drop the scare quotes because, while Trudeau has indeed offered approval to Trans Mountain, he is at his most tepid, formulaic, dutiful and uninspiring when doing so. Catch him at a WE day hootenanny if you want to hear him really make a pitch. Or at a Woman of the World séance in full trumpet blast on the wonders of male feminism. In such settings, the accents of commitment, determination and enthusiasm are at full pitch. On Trans Mountain, he whispers. On the environmental side of this famous balance, he's Elmer Gantry on steroids. On the oil industry, he's a silent spectator, bringing to my mind the phrase from Hamlet: “you who are but mutes and witness to this act.”
This is stirring very real and drastic tensions within the Confederation
Plus, the B.C. pipeline is under the gun of its new NDP government and the three Greens who are keeping that party in power. They have pledged to “kill” the pipeline. Those who think the Western pipeline has a better chance than the Eastern one (now cancelled) are feeding on the fumes of exhausted optimism. Deliverology, where are thy successes?
Energy East's withdrawal is close to putting a seal on any break from the (effective) barrier to Alberta getting its product to outside markets. The regulatory fences that have been erected, and this Liberal government's emphatic embrace of vague environmentalism and the cloudy cause of global warming amount to a witting or unwitting boycott of that province's principal resource. The huge investments in energy that Canada could and should be receiving are going to other countries, and jobs and prosperity with them. The industrial policy of the Trudeau government on oil is almost masochistic. And if we think of the opposite — its support of Bombardier, a jet fuelled enterprise — it is schizophrenic as well.
And that is stirring very real and potentially drastic tensions within the Confederation. We had one bout of Western alienation under Trudeau 1. It would be wise to avoid another under Trudeau 2, although it very much looks like we will not.
* Mr. Barber is not actually a guru — a spiritual, usually Indian mystic or wiseman. But then again, Deliverology is not exactly an “ology” either.
Skip Bayless and Shannon Sharpe are joined by Kenyon Martin to talk about the Cavaliers Game 1 win over the Pacers in the NBA Playoffs.
More Undisputed Videos Eli Manning accused of fraud in selling fake game-worn memorabilia | UNDISPUTED Metta World Peace makes his 2017 NBA Playoff Predictions | UNDISPUTED The Cleveland Cavaliers will only lose 5 games on their way to the 2017 NBA Finals | UNDISPUTED Skip Bayless: The Golden State Warriors won't reach the 2017 NBA Finals | UNDISPUTED Andrew Luck the top QB drafted in last 10 years? Skip Bayless says ‘no way' | UNDISPUTED Jarvis Landry says the Dolphins will sweep the Patriots next year | UNDISPUTED More Undisputed Videos
Image copyright Mickey Cooper Image caption Tyres and pallets have been burnt in the Creggan Country Burn area in recent days
Extra police resources are needed in the Creggan Burn Park area of Londonderry following anti-social behaviour, according to a politician.
Pallets and tyres have been burnt in the area in recent days.
Residents have also told BBC News NI that young people have been drinking alcohol and in their gardens late at night.
A PSNI spokesperson said they are aware of ongoing issues in the area.
Sinn Fein councillor Mickey Cooper said: "I have been contacted by a number of angry residents.
"They are at their wits ends following several incidents in the parkland over the last few days," Mr Cooper said.
"They have complained to me that there is simply not enough police resource's being directed into the area whilst groups of young people area gathering and setting fire to pallets, destroying the green space and causing a general nuisance.
"I fully understand that the police may be under pressure with resources but it's vital that they are about whilst incidents like this are taking place.
"Young people are also coming in from different parts of the city."
Mr Cooper has also called on local businesses to store pallets more securely. He said groups of young people are regularly seen in the area on the lookout for pallets.
'Urinated in my garden'
A man who lives near Creggan Burn Park told BBC News NI he finds young people in his garden on a regular basis.
"The good weather brings them out and they feel like they can do what they want," he added.
"I have found a number of glass bottles in my hedge and the smell of smoke from burning tyres is a disgrace.
"Three teenage boys have also urinated in my garden over the past few nights.
"Local police officers need to be in the area more. That's the only way they'll be caught."
NFL signs $500 million deal with Verizon to stream games
There has been a lot of concern surrounding the NFL this season over decreased television ratings, but the league has reached a massive new broadcasting deal that reminds us TV ratings don't tell the entire story.
John Ourand and Daniel Kaplan of Sports Business Journal reported on Monday that the NFL has signed a $500 million deal with Verizon for streaming content. The deal begins next month, meaning postseason games and the Super Bowl will be streamed on Verizon platforms.
Verizon currently has a $250 million streaming deal with the NFL, but the new deal will increase the availability of content and not limit it to Verizon mobile subscribers. Yahoo and Yahoo Sports, which are owned by Verizon, will be streaming games for users of any mobile network. The same will be true with the NFL mobile app.
“The NFL is a great partner for us and we are excited to take its premier content across a massive mobile scale so viewers can enjoy live football and other original NFL content where and how they want it,” Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam said in a statement, via Michael David Smith of Pro Football Talk. “We believe that partnerships like this are a win for fans, but also for partners and advertisers looking for a mobile-first experience.”
As SBJ notes, the $500 million deal is likely a sign that media companies will be making massive bids when the NFL's media rights expire in 2021 and 2022. We have already seen the league experiment with streaming games on social media sites, and producing content that way is only expected to increase in the coming years.
Motorola is no stranger to the Amazon Prime Exclusive club; in fact, its Moto G4 was one of the first phones in the program. It's been almost two years since then, and Amazon has just announced that the Moto G6 is now available as a Prime Exclusive phone for $234.99, $15 less than its regular price.
Spec-wise, the Moto G6 Prime Exclusive is exactly the same as its non-Amazon counterpart; it has a 5.7" 1080p display, a Snapdragon 450, 3GB of RAM, 32GB of storage with microSD expansion, dual 12MP + 5MP rear cameras, an 8MP front-facing camera with LED flash, and a 3,000mAh battery. The software is where things change --- the Prime Exclusive phone has a number of Amazon apps installed, such as Amazon Shopping, Kindle, Prime Video, and more. Alexa also comes on when you double-press the power button. Those things aside, there's not much to talk about; Amazon nixed lock screen ads a few months back, so they're not present here.
The Moto G6 Prime Exclusive is available in Black and Oyster Blush, though the latter will ship within two to three months. The phones will usually go for $249.99, but Amazon is currently offering a $15 discount for the phone's introduction. Same-day shipping is free if it's available where you are, which is a nice bonus.
Mark Grecco was a resident of Murray Hall and a basketball enthusiast. He was largely involved with intramural sports and in his free time was often playing basketball at the Rec Center with friends. Grecco passed away in 2006 as a sophomore majoring in Civil Engineering. This memorial basketball tournament put on by the Residence Halls Association and the Murray/Carpenter-Wells/Honors Complex Council has honored Grecco for the last decade.
Please contact Abigale Osborne with any questions by emailing rha@ttu.edu.
Saturday, February 17th at the TTU Rec Center, play in a free basketball tournament. The tournament will begin at 9:00 am and will run until about 1:00 pm, or until all the teams are finished. Teams may have a maximum of 5, and a minimum of 3 players. Each team must have at least one on-campus resident.
This Link can be used to register your team:
https://orgsync.com/7314/forms/293423
Image copyright @Iglwy/Twitter Image caption Social media posts showed a large police presence in Cardigan near the Castle on Monday afternoon
A child has died after being rescued from a car found in a river after a woman said her car had been stolen with her daughter inside.
Kiara Moore, two, died at the University Hospital of Wales in Cardiff after being rescued from the River Teifi in Cardigan, Ceredigion, on Monday.
A social media post by a woman said a car had been stolen from the Newcastle Emlyn area with her child in the back.
Dyfed-Powys Police is investigating.
The force said it had received a call about a missing vehicle at 15:30 GMT and a silver Mini was found in the river at about 17:10.
In a tweet in the early hours of Tuesday morning, Dyfed-Powys Police said: "Sadly, we confirm that Kiara Moore, aged 2 (27/3/15) was pronounced dead at the UHW, Cardiff last night, having being recovered from a car in the River Teifi, Cardigan yesterday afternoon (19th March 2018). Kiara's family is being supported by specialist officers."
Kiara would have celebrated her third birthday next Tuesday.
Her father Jeff Moore said in a Facebook post: "Thank you all for your help this evening. A mega thank you the officers who jumped in the river and the rest of the emergency services for all they did. Unfortunately Kiara had an amazing but short life."
Officers appealed for witnesses who may have seen the vehicle enter the river between 15:30 and 16:50 GMT to contact them.
Shamrock Rovers claimed their first away points of the season thanks to Graham Burke's penalty fifteen minutes from time, in a 1-0 win over Limerick.
Ronan Finn was fouled by Shaun Kelly for the spot-kick which Graham Kelly correctly awarded, before Sean Kavanagh saw red for kicking out at Billy Dennehy.
Stephen Bradley made three changes from the side that beat St. Pat's on Friday. Sam Bone, Gary Shaw and local Limerick lad Joel Coustrain replaced Greg Bolger, Dan Carr and Brandon Miele.
Miele had netted five times in his previous six games against Limerick, but a fired-up Joel Coustrain was selected ahead of him - with Bradley hoping he could come back to torment the club that turned him down last season.
Limerick faced somewhat of an injury crisis; Darren Dennehy, Daniel Kearns, Eoin Wearen, Mark O'Sullivan, Barry Maguire and Danny Morrissey are all facing a spell on the sidelines. The Blues' bench was reduced to six, and all of them bar 19-year-old Jeff McGowan graduated from the Shannonsiders' underage system.
These sides hadn't played out a nil-all draw since 1992, but midway through this clash, it appeared the most likely outcome. Limerick's attacking threat was limited to long throws, while Rovers' trio of free-kicks on the edge of the box were their best moments.
Rovers had gone eighteen months without a draw away from home, while Limerick had failed to keep a clean sheet against the Hoops since 2014.
The first half was a real war of attrition as the sides' chances were limited to set pieces.
It would then come as no surprise that the only goal of the game came from the spot after a dour opening half did little to inspire the 1,400 in attendance.
Ronan Finn went on a mazy run down the left before Donegal native Kelly dived in to bring him down. He appealed, but he could have little complained in truth.
Burke stepped up and sent Brendan Clarke the wrong way before celebrating with the sizeable Rovers support behind the goal.
Sean Kavanagh was dismissed ten minutes later as he kicked out at Billy Dennehy, but the Hoops hung on with ease to go second in the SSE Airtricity League Premier Division for the timebeing.
Limerick: Brendan Clarke; Shaun Kelly (Jeff McGowan, 79), Tony Whitehead (Adam Foley, 87), Killian Brouder, Billy Dennehy; Cian Coleman, Kilian Cantwell; William Fitzgerald, Shane Duggan, Henry Cameron (Karl O'Sullivan, 63); Connor Ellis.
Shamrock Rovers: Tomer Chencinski; Ethan Boyle, Roberto Lopes, Lee Grace, Trevor Clarke; Ronan Finn, Sam Bone; Joel Coustrain (Brandon Miele, 73), Graham Burke (Luke Byrne, 87), Sean Kavanagh; Gary Shaw (Dan Carr, 64).
JAMAICA-ECONOMY – Government urged to give Diaspora more access to invest in Jamaica
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Apr. 17, CMC - Managing Directo... You are unauthorized to view this page. Username Password Remember Me Reset Password
Charlotte Christian and forward Paul Hudson got a huge win at Concord Cannon Friday Jonathan Aguallo
TV presenter Keith Chegwin has died at the age of 60 following a long illness, his family has said.
The star, best known for hosting children's game show Cheggers Play Pop, died at home after battling a progressive lung condition.
Keith Chegwin
A statement from his family said: "We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year.
"Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December. His wife Maria, his daughter Rose and his son Ted were by his side.
"We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness, support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks.
"Keith was a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend. We would respectfully ask to be left to mourn his passing in private."
Kyle Larson — Winner: “It was an awesome finish for us. Kind of a struggle all day, honestly. I felt like we were ‑ I was good and I could find clean air on my car, but any time I'd get any bit of dirty air or any bit of the wake from the car in front of me, I'd get extremely loose, even when I wasn't close to anybody. We definitely didn't have the car that we had here the last two times we won, but we kept fighting, probably even harder than we did in those other two wins. Caught a caution at the right time there to line up eighth on fresh tires, got to fifth, and then edged in front of Chase for fourth as the caution was coming out, and that allowed me to line up behind Martin (Truex Jr.) and get a good restart. I was running a few different options through my head under that red flag of what to do, and that one was one of them, and it played out exactly how I had hoped. Yeah, so this win feels amazing to steal one in a way. My other three wins, I felt like we had the first or second-best car, but today at times I didn't think we were a top-10 car. But to get the win that way is awesome.”
Martin Truex Jr. — Finished 2nd: “I just tried to do something a little different there with (Kyle) Larson behind me, but when he hit me, I went and I spun the tires. They just got too cold under that red flag and not enough time to get them warmed up. Our car generally took a few laps all day to get warm, but while we had enough caution laps I could kind of keep heat in the tires. Just spun them a bit and he got a run and there was no way he was going to go around me on the bottom with all that stuff down there, and I just went into (Turn) 1 and spun the tires because they were so cold. It's one of those deals, sometimes these things don't work out. I'm proud of everybody on the team, they did a great job today and we had a really fast race car again. Proud of that, and I hate I didn't get it done for those guys and all our fans out there, but all in all it's a good day. Michigan has just been tough. We've been fast here, we just can't get that ‘W,' but we're fast here and we'll learn from it.”
Erik Jones — Finished 3rd: It wasn't exactly where I wanted to be, but I thought we could get a good enough restart where we could at least battle through (Turns) 1 and 2 and hopefully make something happen into (Turn) 3. Unfortunately that didn't work out, both of us couldn't get going – Martin (Truex Jr.) was spinning his tires and I was spinning my tires. He got a push from (Kyle Larson) and he passed us both. It's unfortunate; I thought it was going to be a Furniture Row one-two either way it was going to work out.''
Ryan Newman – Finished 4th: “It was just a good run for the Velveeta Shells & Cheese Chevrolet. Luke (Lambert, crew chief) did a great job making the call for us to stay out and caught the break there with (Joey Logano‘s flat) tire. We got a couple of good restarts and make it a little bit out of nothing. We were challenged all day and struggled a little bit.”
Trevor Bayne – Finished 5th: “That's what we needed. Man, if it stayed green, we had another shot like Indy to hold off (Martin Truex Jr.), but we had a caution at the wrong time. I got a great restart and pushed (Kyle Larson) to the lead. I went for it in Turn 3 and it didn't stick. It got massive loose and ended up fifth. Third and fifth, that's not a big difference. If I went home thinking I should have gone for it in three, I would be kicking my butt. But it's a great day for our team. We needed this to recover a little bit.”
Chris Buescher – Finished 6th: “Wild. We had a tire go down early and put us off sequence early on and this team did a good job today. They played the strategy right and worked hard. We had to fix the car. We had a hole in the nose at one point from debris through one of the crashes. Fought hard all day long, to be able to get to here right now, that is a really cool finish. Really proud of this team.”
Austin Dillon – Finished 7th: “We have come a long freaking way in the last couple of weeks. The car was very drivable throughout the race. We just needed a little more speed to really get after it, but we made good pit strategy and adjusted the car well.”
Chase Elliott – Finished 8th: “I think we need a little work and need to get caught up here in a hurry.”
Jamie McMurray – Finished 9th: “I had a great car all day long. I think we would have finished third or fourth without the random caution at the end. That just put us back to 14th and we got back to ninth on the restart, but a really good day for our car, really good day.”
Kurt Busch – Finished 11th: “We were solid today, but we didn't do anything right, and we didn't do anything wrong. We'll pull together and work hard for next week in Bristol.”
Aric Almirola – Finished 12th: “The bottom lane was not really the preferred lane all weekend in Trucks or Cup or anything, and I restarted on the bottom lane and just couldn't get going. Brad (Keselowski) got to my inside, and I got stuck in the middle and it was just kind of a dogfight after that. I would have give anything to restart 10th instead of ninth, but it is what it is. It was a solid day for us. We worked on it all weekend and got it better and better, and the best we had it was right there in the race. I'm really proud of everybody.”
Kevin Harvick – Finished 13th: “We were just terrible loose when the sun came out, and then the strategy just went the wrong way and we wound up a lap down.”
DALE EARNHARDT, JR. – Finished 14th: “Well, it was alright. It wasn't great, it wasn't terrible. Just ain't had the car just right the way we need it for the race. I think at times we needed track position and we might have been able to run in the top five, but I didn't know a lot of guys that really passed many people. It was really pretty even out there competition wise. We weren't like losing a chunk of time to all them guy, I mean I could see them, but just I don't know what we've got to do.”
Ryan Blaney – Finished 15th: “Yeah, it wasn't too bad. We had a fast car and things just didn't work out. We have fast cars every week and that gives us something to look forward to. There were some things going on in the car that made me think something might let go, but fortunately that didn't happen.”
Brad Keselowski – Finished 17th: “The team did a good job. We executed in qualifying and all of those things, and we really made the most out of everything we had today, it just didn't come out our way. It just didn't come together there at the end, but it was nice to lead a bunch of laps. That was good and something I was really proud of, but I just didn't have enough to really run with the 77 (Erik Jones) and the 78 (Truex). We tried a little strategy to kind of get something out of it, but the way it all played out I ended up getting the bottom lane on the restarts and getting absolutely swallowed. We tried. We put in as much effort as we could. We knew we didn't have as much as those two, but we gave it 100 percent effort, and I was really proud of my team for that.”
Ty Dillon – Finished 21st: “The balance of our GEICO Chevy felt a lot better yesterday in practice than it did today, but we were able to bring the car to us with some wedge adjustments. We had a fast race car there toward the end. The strategy was to go long on fuel mileage in the final stage of the race and it worked great. We were able to pit for four fresh tires and fuel and get a decent finish at the end of the day.''
Danica Patrick — Finished 22nd: “We just weren't as good as we needed to be today. Then the No. 10 Code 3 Associates Ford was just too loose there at the end, and we weren't able to make up any ground on that last restart.”
Landon Cassill – Finished 25th: “We needed to have a solid race with a good finish. We haven't had one in a while. It was really, really loose the whole (race) and the speed came when we tightened it up, but to start the race, it was really, really loose. I think if we get that balance right to start the race in the future, then we won't get behind at all.”
JOEY LOGANO – Finished 28th: “The speed wasn't there. We were a little better and obviously in qualifying our cars are good, but we just couldn't hang with the Toyotas up front there. Those two cars there – really the Furniture Row cars is what I should say. They're just lights-out fast. The fastest car didn't win the race, I can tell you that much for sure. We had a flat tire. I don't know why we had a flat tire, but maybe we ran something over.''
David Ragan – Finished 30th: “Our balance was OK at times during the race, but the strategy just didn't work into our favor. We've been really fortunate this year to have good strategy during the stages and with no cautions those first two stages we got a little behind, and then tried to short-pit there at the end and the caution came out that cost us a lap or so. That's one of those days when you don't have a lot of attrition, not many cautions, and you just have an average race car and we kind of paid the price.”
Paul Menard – Finished 34th: “We were fighting hard on that late restart to get the free pass and we got caught up with Michael McDowell off Turn 2. I was able to drive the Dutch Boy / Menards Chevrolet back to Matt Borland and the crew, but the damage to the nose knocked the oil cooler back and we had to push it back to the garage.”
DANIEL SUÁREZ — Finished 37th: “I was very, very tight and I was just trying to hold my line. I think (Kasey Kahne) – he was passing me obviously and he went up a little too soon for me. I was trying to give him some room, but actually I got out of the throttle at that point, but I don't know if he was told it was already time to go up – I don't know. It's just unfortunate because we came from a streak of top (10s) and now this is going to be the end of it. We're going to regroup and come back stronger next week.”
KASEY KAHNE — Finished 38th: “Daniel (Suarez) was going backwards and I was going by and I ran the bottom. I expected we could be close off the corner, and I was just coming off and then we hit. So, I don't know. I expected to run side-by-side down the backstretch, but not give a lot of room, because you don't. Nobody does. But I was making the pass and I don't know how we hit. Ruined it. It's over.”
Watch the best shots as Karolina Pliskova beats Victoria Azarenka to reach the third round at Wimbledon for the first time.
MATCH REPORT: Karolina Pliskova reaches third round for the first time
Available to UK users only.
Oil falls to $46, Nigerian cargoes face competition
The Punch
Global oil benchmark, Brent crude, extended its decline on Wednesday as it fell to a seven-month low after data showed an unexpectedly large weekly build in United States' petrol inventories. The dip in oil prices came on the heels of the projection by …
'Oil price may hit $51 per barrel' The Nation Newspaper
all 2 news articles »
Emails show a campaign adviser to President Trump repeatedly tried to set up meetings with Russians. Evan Vucci AP
Three Kildare 80 were honoured for their pomotion of the Irish language at a special presentation last week.
Scoil Foghlaim le Chéile, Gaelcholáiste Chill Dara and Pobalscoil Chill Droichid received their Gaelbhratach flag. Over 700 pupils, from both primary and secondary schools, gathered in the Pavilion at Leopardstown racecourse in Dublin to attend the Gaelbhratach presentation on Tuesday 22 May. The Gaelbhratach scheme, funded by Foras na Gaeilge, and organised by Gael Linn, with the support of Conradh na Gaeilge and Glór na nGael, recognises the promotion of the Irish language in both secondary and primary schools around the country.
SEE ALSO: Naas duo honoured by German city for services to twinning
There was a fantastic atmosphere at the event and the delight of the students, and indeed their teachers, in being recognised for their work was palpable. Adding to their enjoyment was the performance of the group Seo Linn who had the students dancing and singing along to their many hits ‘as Gaeilge' throughout the event. Acting as MCs, TV stars Micheál Ó Ciaraidh and Gráinne Bleasdale made sure the event ran smoothly with their light-hearted approach!
Gaelcholáiste Chill Dara students Tara Ní Reachtain and Rían Ó hAilín proudly accepted the flag on behalf of their school
The two Gael Linn officials in charge of the Gaelbhratach scheme, Andrea Ní Fhaoláin and Mairéad Ní Thiománaigh were very proud of all the schools and what they had achieved during the year. They explained that it takes a lot of hard work for a school to be awarded the Gaelbhratach, that they have many targets to reach and that all of this work must be verified through various means, including postings on the Gaelbhratach blog and keeping a journal which is forwarded to Gael Linn at the end of the year.
The Gaelbhratach scheme, initiated in 2013, has gone from strength to strength. In fact, there is a long waiting list of schools throughout the country wishing to be accepted into the scheme.
Seán Ó Coinn, CEO of Foras na Gaeilge and Antoine Ó Coileáin, CEO of Gael Linn also spoke at the event and thanked the teachers for their support for the scheme within their schools. They also commended the co-operation of the three organisations involved in running the scheme, who are all funded by Foras na Gaeilge and have the same goals as regards the promotion of our language.
Pobalscoil Chill Droichid students Éilís Pluymers, Emily Azzali and Daniel Herron proudly accepted the flag on behalf of their school
Image copyright PA Image caption Baroness Warsi said the time had passed for an internal inquiry
The Tories' handling of allegations of Islamophobia has been "woefully inept" and they must now hold an independent inquiry, a former party chair has said.
Baroness Warsi said her party should learn from Labour's response to anti-Semitism allegations and not seek to use promises of action as a "fig leaf" to hide the true extent of the problem.
"Nothing tangible" had happened since she first raised the issue, she said.
The party said it took claims of anti-Muslim prejudice extremely seriously.
The Muslim Council of Britain recently complained that its own request for an inquiry had been ignored and accused the party of "turning a blind eye" to the issue.
It has compiled a dossier listing Conservative councillors and candidates who have been suspended or expelled following allegations of anti-Muslim prejudice.
It has voiced concern about the tone of Richmond Park MP Zac Goldsmith's 2016 campaign for the London mayoralty, and about social media messages shared by Harrow East MP Bob Blackman - who has strongly denied any allegation of anti-Muslim prejudice.
In an article for the Guardian, Baroness Warsi - who was the UK's first female Muslim cabinet minister - said both Mr Goldsmith and Mr Blackman should receive "mandatory enrolment" on diversity training courses.
The Conservatives' promise of voluntary courses for those who wanted them was "not enough", she said, warning the party needed to be "proactive and change its culture".
The peer said she had written to Theresa May about the issue and submitted a dossier of evidence but "absolutely nothing tangible" had happened in response.
The time for an internal investigation had passed, she said, and only a "forensic, wide-ranging and transparent inquiry" would now suffice.
The Conservatives say any members found to have behaved inappropriately have been suspended and investigations launched.
An elite Upper East Side private school's annual ice-skating party at Trump Wollman Rink in Central Park had to be canceled after parents refused to send their kids in protest of the president, sources said.
The Parents Association at The Dalton School sent a letter Thursday announcing the “Dalton on Ice” event was scrapped, saying “it would not be financially prudent” because of “significantly lower attendance.”
Dalton's PA president, LaMae DeJongh, declined to comment — but sources said the low attendance was due to rampant anti-Trump sentiment at the elite prep school, which boasts alumni such as CNN's Anderson Cooper.
“I think it is completely insane,” said one Dalton parent who disagrees with the protest. “Like him or not, it feels like a strange place for New Yorkers to protest. And sad that kids now have no skating party.”
Trump renovated the rink in 1986 after the city fumbled the job for six years.
Another Dalton parent said a clique of Upper East Side “liberal moms” upset with Trump pressured the headmaster to call off the event, a source said.
Trump Wollman Rink had no immediate comment, and Headmaster ­Ellen Stein could not be reached for comment.
A Massachusetts museum dedicated to Dr. Seuss says it will replace a mural featuring a Chinese character from one of his books after three authors said they would boycott an event due to the "jarring racial stereotype."
The mural features illustrations from the author's first children's book, "And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street."
Controversial Dr. Seuss mural to be removed from Springfield museum https://t.co/JGn8PxnrnL pic.twitter.com/iSCvb9FrLi — masslivenews (@masslivenews) October 6, 2017
The museum, which is located in the author's hometown of Springfield, said Thursday that the mural will be replaced by images from later books.
Three children's authors declined an invitation to the museum's inaugural Children's Literature Festival, which was set for Oct. 14 before being canceled. After the museum offered to take down the mural, the authors said they would attend, but the museum has not said if the festival is back on.
. @MikeCurato , @LisaYee1 , and I wont be attending the Oct. 14 Springfield, MA, Seuss Museum event as planned. Here is why: pic.twitter.com/TSvnHkFZAj — Mo Willems' Pigeon (@The_Pigeon) October 5, 2017
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
There's one word we all hope to never hear from our doctor and that's “cancer.” While keeping away from the doctor's office altogether can help avoid hearing that ominous term, it ultimately only postpones and exacerbates any potential problems that could have been treated before becoming serious.
According to Dr. Anita Heart, a family practice physician with Dignity Health Medical Group Stockton, typically when someone hears the term “abnormal pap” the first thing they assume is cancer. Fortunately, most abnormal paps are due to simple, easily treated infections.
Left untreated, those could develop into more serious conditions. In fact, having a pap examination come back with abnormal results is actually a highly common occurrence but these screenings continue to be underperformed and only about 69% of women over the age of 18 have had a pap in the last 3 years according to the Center for Disease Control. This statistic is even lower for mammograms with only 65.3% of women over 40 having had an exam within the past 2 years.
Early detection still remains the best preventative medicine for breast and gynecological cancer. In fact, breast cancer, in most cases, when found at stages 0-2 have between 100% and 93% survival rate according to the American Cancer Society. Cancer detected in later stages is more likely to spread and metastasize, decreasing the likelihood of survival to about 22%.
In addition to early and often examinations and tests with your gynecologist, there are ways to help with early detection in the comfort of your own home. Dr. Heart explains it's important to “be an advocate for your own health and in addition to keeping up with screenings, it's important for women to know their bodies and be aware of any changes that could signal something isn't right.”
Genetic research is equally important as family histories can provide insight for your physician as to your likelihood to develop issues that could potentially lead to a cancer diagnosis.
Unfortunately, there's no guaranteed method for preventing gynecologic cancer. But, according to Dr. Heart, committing to routine examinations, paps, and mammograms, as well as knowing your family history, protecting yourself from HPV and making healthy lifestyle choices can dramatically reduce your risk.
Last year, Amazon asked for permission to drop off packages inside customer homes, and some number of people took the retailer up on the offer. Amazon won't say how many people signed up for the Amazon Key service, but the number was apparently large enough that it's looking to unlock other customer doors. The company's new Key In-Car deliveries allow an Amazon delivery person to drop off an order in the trunk of your car, but only select cars in certain places.
The original Amazon Key (limited to Prime members) required a home security kit consisting of an Amazon Cloud Cam and companion smart door lock. When an Amazon delivery driver needs to drop off a package, they can connect to your lock via Amazon's cloud to unlock the door. They set the box inside, and lock up again when they're done. The camera records the event so you can make sure everything is on the up-and-up.
The new Key In-Car service doesn't require new hardware, but it's limited to General Motors (Chevrolet, GMC, Cadillac, and Buick) and Volvo vehicles. They need to be model year 2015 or newer with an active subscription to OnStar or Volvo on Call. These services support remote lock and unlock features, so Amazon doesn't have to build a new system to access these vehicles. They authenticate with the carmaker's cloud services to unlock the trunk. There's no camera add-on to monitor deliveries, so you'll have to trust that no chicanery is going on. You do get notifications of delivery status, and there's no additional charge for the service.
To use Key In-Car deliveries, you'll add your compatible vehicle to the Key app (the same one used for home deliveries). The delivery driver gets access to GPS coordinates and your license plate info. You'll also need to include a description and image of the car to help them find it. In addition, you can only do car deliveries near one of your delivery addresses — for example, home and work. You can leave the car in parking garages, driveways, parking lots, and anyplace else the driver can walk up to it.
Amazon Key In-Car will launch in 37 cities starting today. Customers with compatible cars can use the service for packages that come from Amazon itself (not third-party sellers). They also have to weigh 50 pounds or fewer, have dimensions under 26 x 21 x 16 inches, no signature confirmation, and a value under $1,300. Amazon has a full list of supported cities on its website.
Adult acne, mood swings, and weight gain—oh my!
Sure, mood swings, weight gain, fatigue, skin issues and even depression and anxiety sound like typical hormonal symptoms the average, healthy woman experiences from time to time—but are they signs of something more? According to the Women's Health Network, seemingly typical symptoms could potentially be caused by a more serious, and all-too-often ignored, hormonal imbalance issue. Yes, the hormonal imbalances you're experiencing could be caused by PMS, pregnancy, or even menopause, but for many women there can be underlying medical concerns.
Hypothyroidism, or a condition when the thyroid gland becomes overactive, for example, causes hormonal changes like insomnia, moodiness, panic attacks, and depression.
Adrenal disorders, which are imbalances in the body's stress hormones adrenaline and cortisol, can also cause symptoms of insomnia, anxiety, and depression. Hormonal imbalances can also be caused by blood sugar imbalances, progesterone deficiencies, and even a condition known as Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), in which cysts develop on the ovaries.
Unfortunately, because the symptoms for hormonal imbalances straddle the symptoms of clinical depression and other mental disorders, many physicians are quick to prescribe antidepressants to patients with these complaints and neglect to investigate underlying causes.
So how do you know if you have a hormonal imbalance? First, listen to your body. Pay attention to the symptoms you're experiencing and keep track of their frequency and severity. If you find your symptoms are increasing, even by a small margin, seek help from your physician but be specific as to what you're experiencing and don't hesitate to ask for hormone testing.
Saliva, blood tests, and hair follicle tests exist to help determine whether hormone imbalance is the cause of persistent symptoms. And if it is the culprit, there are many effective treatments that can help restore balance. Most doctors treat imbalances with hormone replacement therapy. Biodentical hormones, which are natural and biochemically identical to human hormones such as estrogen, progesterone, DHEA, and even testosterone, can be highly effective for women. Synthetic hormones created by pharmaceutical companies intended to mimic natural hormones are another option. However, they pose a slightly higher risk and can have adverse effects but are sometimes necessary in severe cases.
Ultimately, no one knows you better than you and most of us know when something just isn't quite right. Don't let the messages your body is sending go unnoticed, and inform your physician of what you're experiencing as early as possible to bring balance.
0:47
Macon and Huntsville drop the gloves for a fight
1:48
On the other end of the line
1:10
You can sure have a Prada paper clip, Chanel boomerang, or Dolce and Gabbana art fridge if you are ready to spare hundreds and thousands of dollars on these ridiculously expensive items. Designers don't always take fashion seriously. See all the biggest fashion trolls in this video.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
FILE - In this Thursday, Sept. 21, 2017, file photo, Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina addresses the United Nations General Assembly at the U.N. headquarters, in New York. Upon her return from New York to Bangladesh, Hasina says her government will continue to support nearly 1 million Rohingya Muslims who have fled neighboring Myanmar to escape violence. Frank Franklin II, File AP Photo
COLUMBUS – Helping to begin farmers get a start, protecting landowners' rights and coping with rural drug problems were among the priorities set by delegates at the Ohio Farm Bureau's 99th annual meeting.
The approved policies set the direction for the organization's activities in the coming year. Three hundred and fifty-eight delegates representing all county Farm Bureaus participated in the debate and discussion.
Delegates voted to support beginning farmers by making it easier for them to obtain land, facilities, machinery, livestock and other assets. The organization strengthened its commitment to limiting the power of eminent domain and protecting landowners presented with potential development opportunities. The delegates also reaffirmed their work in local communities to prevent and treat drug addiction and will seek national policy to curtail the over-prescription of opioids.
Regarding food production and water quality, delegates called for uniform state and federal nutrient applications standards that differentiate between agronomic, economic and environmental thresholds. They also support regulatory review that uses sound science to find water quality solutions that are compatible with productive food production.
Delegates expressed strong support for recent steps taken by Ohio State University Extension to increase the number of educators with practical knowledge that will be of value to the farm community.
Energy issues were also discussed including the need for investments in energy infrastructure and a balanced approach to incentivizing alternative energy sources. Other policy votes addressed fuel quality, wildlife management and local infrastructure maintenance.
On national policy issues, OFBF members strongly supported crop insurance and continuation of the harvest price option. They also addressed a vaccine bank for livestock, milk labeling and protection of pollinator habitat.
More than 600 members and guests attended the meeting in Columbus Dec. 6-8.
Ohio Farm Bureau's mission is working together for Ohio farmers to advance agriculture and strengthen our communities.
Submitted by Rebecca Everman, Ohio Farm Bureau Federation.
Will Texas Pass A Gender Confused “Bathroom Bill”?
Liberal activists and the UK Guardian are Very Concerned about this, since they believe it is better to allow gender confused men who feel they're women into locker rooms, bathrooms, and changing rooms with women, invading the female's privacy and peace
Texas looks set to follow North Carolina with push for ‘bathroom bill' The passage of a “bathroom bill” last March sparked a maelstrom with severe political, economic and cultural consequences for North Carolina that continued through the end of 2016. Yet Texas is poised to propose a similar law in 2017. In November, one of the state's most senior politicians published his top 10 priorities for the next legislative session. A “Women's Privacy Act” was at number six, right after banning immigration “sanctuary cities” and insisting on photo ID at the ballot box. The act, said lieutenant governor Dan Patrick, is necessary so that “women and girls” can have “privacy and safety in their restrooms, showers and locker rooms”. (snip) Patrick hasn't released his own proposed bill, but has said it would allow businesses to create their own bathroom policies.
Oh, no! Create their own policies! How horrible! In Liberal World, only Government is allowed to set policy. That's how it is supposed to be! Government is Government! The private sector is here to serve Government.
Can we place this in the fake news category? Because this is all Things That Haven't Happened. But, it should happen. Democrats talk about how important women are, but, again, we see them placed lower on the rungs, below Islamic radicalism and fake women
Despite the demonstrable negative consequences in states that have passed laws that undermine LGBTQ equality, the coming months will indicate whether the ascent of Donald Trump to the White House is emboldening religious conservatives to press for more such bills after a series of gains for gay and transgender people at the federal level under the Obama administration.
They do have equality. Men go to the men's room, women go to the women's room. Men compete on male teams, women compete on female teams. The interesting thing here is if they'd stop making such a big deal of it, if they'd stop trying to force compliance, there would be less pushback. They're harming their own cause. Of course, it's still a really bad idea to allow men who think they're women in the bathrooms, showers, and locker rooms with young girls. But, they refuse to accept accommodations, they demand compliance.
But, Liberals really do not care about women, when it comes to it. They care about fringe interest groups, and women's rights and privacy can go to hell in their world of perversion.
The rest of the article is about as wacky and unhinged as you'd expect, as it delves into religious freedom.
Crossed at Pirate's Cove. Follow me on Twitter @WilliamTeach.
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:38 We'll be there
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
0:23 Weddington Warriors are 3AA champions
Watch Leigh Halfpenny add to Wales' lead within five minutes of the opening try from Gareth Davies in the 2018 Six Nations against Scotland.
Follow live text & watch in play video clips of the Six Nations matches here.
Advisory: Available to UK users only.
Mets need to break open piggy bank and make offseason splash If the Mets were any less relevant at this point, they'd be the metric system. They did no serious advance work to play in the Shohei Ohtani sweepstakes and earned...
Jerry Blevins knows the Mets' offseason move he wants to see Sandy Alderson isn't alone in his desire for the Mets to get some help in the bullpen. “It's pretty obvious we have a need for another big arm back there,...
Mets trying to pluck the workhorse behind Indians dominant bullpen In a quiet holiday week, the Mets are getting a better idea about the free-agent bullpen landscape. One proven reliever is imperative to augment Jeurys Familia, AJ Ramos and Jerry...
These bullpen arms will be high on Mets' shopping list The bullpen comes first for the Mets. As team officials consider their myriad of needs this offseason — another power bat and starting pitching among them — the top priority,...
Top 30 free-agent predictions: Yankees, Red Sox make splashes Ready or not, here come the Post's Top 30 free-agent rankings and predictions. Baseball's five-day quiet period after the World Series concludes at midnight Monday into Tuesday, at which point...
Most of the Mets trade castoffs are dominating The Mets' 2017 opening-day roster now has some reach across the league. With the club going through a sell-off during its dreary campaign, ex-Mets are spread out as they try...
This time Addison Reed shuts down the Yankees BOSTON — What a difference a week made for Addison Reed. The former Met, who gave up four runs to the Yankees on Aug. 12 in The Bronx — when...
Why MLB managers succumb to their late-inning Achilles' heel With all the debating teams on cable TV and radio, here's an idea that may be worth shelving Carmelo Anthony issues for a few minutes: If Major League Baseball was...
Ex-Met was 'all over the place' and the Yankees made him pay Maybe the Yankees were better off without any Mets after all. In his introduction to the Yankees-Red Sox rivalry, former Mets reliever Addison Reed turned what looked like an easy...
A barely-noticed provision in Governor Andrew Cuomo's proposed budget could have lasting consequences for the finances of Adirondack towns and school districts, or so some fear.
“I believe local governments will see this proposal as the cap on payments to their jurisdictions, something they have long feared as the state continues to acquire private land in the Adirondacks,” says Fred Monroe, the executive director of the Adirondack Park Local Government Review Board.
“There is a fear that this is a first step to reducing payments made by the State to local governments on Forest Preserve lands,” said Dan Macentee, a spokesman for State Senator Betty Little.
At issue is a proposal to change the way New York State pays taxes on Forest Preserve lands to localities.
According to current law, state lands are valued by local assessors as though they were private lands and reviewed by the state's Office of Real Property Tax Services.
“Reviewing local assessment determinations is a time-consuming undertaking,” says Morris Peters, a spokesman for the Division of Budget.
To achieve greater efficiency, property tax payments would be replaced by Payments in Lieu of Taxes, Peters explained.
“The most recent assessment would be the base level and the amount would be inflated each year,” said Peters. “Under this proposal, the State's payments would actually grow each year, commensurate with the growth of the statewide allowable levy limit.”
The savings to New York State come not from reducing payments to localities but, rather, “from freeing the Office of Real Property Tax Services of the responsibility of reviewing local assessment determinations,” said Peters.
“The goal of this budget proposal is not to reduce property tax payments on Forest Preserve lands, the goal is to achieve administrative efficiencies,” Peters emphasized.
As Fred Monroe reads the budget bill, the payments would be capped at 1.02% or 1% plus the inflation factor, whichever is lower.
Monroe said local governments would lose their authority to assess Forest Preserve lands according to the budgetary needs of the community, as they have for decades, without, however, acquiring new powers to control external influences on their budgets, such as unfunded state mandates.
Moreover, Monroe said, it was unclear how many localities would receive in payments when additional forest preserve lands were created within their taxing districts.
In all likelihood, he said, “the gap in revenues for Adirondack schools and local government will become wider as the state acquires more private land, which they will no longer be allowed to assess as it grows in value.”
Asked how New York State Senator Betty Little viewed the proposal, Dan Macentee said, “Senator Little is certainly opposed to this proposal. At the least, without the benefit of any sort of analysis or even a clear answer as to what the State's intention is, this proposal should not advance.”
John Sheehan, a spokesperson for the Adirondack Council, was also asked for comments.
“The Adirondack Council supports continued full payment by the State of New York of real property taxes on Forest Preserve lands in the Adirondack and Catskill parks. The Adirondack Council opposes any cuts in these payments, which support the communities that host the ‘forever wild,' public Forest Preserve,” Sheehan stated.
The Adirondack Council has “asked for clarification of the reasons and likely impacts of this proposed change,” the organization's executive director, Willie Janeway, has stated.
According to Dan Macentee, Senator Little has urged the executive branch to drop the proposal.
“If the language is not excised from the budget as part of the 30-day amendments, the Senate and Assembly will need to address it in their one-house budgets,” said Macentee.
Map of State Land in the Adirondack Park, courtesy Adirondack Atlas.
Lee Radford was content with his side's performance as they notched their first win of the season against Huddersfield.
The Black and Whites scored 34 unanswered points to defeat the Giants 38-12, ensuring they leave for their tour Australia with a victory.
The result was arguably more important than the performance for the Challenge Cup holders, but Radford was satisfied both ways.
“It wasn't perfect but it was everything we could have asked for,” he said.
“I thought when we went set for set with them in the second-half and had some sustained possession I felt we looked really strong.
“It's round one, it gives us something to work on next week and it will be warmer conditions so there won't be an excuse.
“They looked sharp. They looked physically really strong so that's a plus, it's exactly what we asked for, we wanted to get on the plane with a ‘W' and that's what we've done.”
Meanwhile, Radford insisted there were no major concerns over Marc Sneyd, who received treatment for a knee injury near the end of the game.
“He took a bit of a whack, that's what he gets for carrying the football, he needs to stick to kicking and passing.”
Share
Apple has announced that its HomePod will be launching in Germany, France, and Canada on June 18. The Siri-enabled smart speaker marks a major market expansion for the tech giant, and the announcement could be an effort to boost dwindling sales of the HomePod, which will now be available in six countries, including the United Kingdom and Australia. There has been no announcement yet on what the price of the device will be in the newly added markets.
The announcement comes just as Apple announced a new iOS update which will add more features to the HomePod speaker. With the update, the HomePod can now support multi-room audio and stereo pairing, so users can connect the device with any AirPlay 2-enabled speakers to hear audio across different rooms of the house. Users can also sync two HomePod devices to create a stereo system. The update allows the HomePod to remain competitive with Amazon Echo and Google Home, both of which already support multi-room audio.
Since its January release, the HomePod has experienced uninspiring sales, with Apple reportedly cutting orders after seeing poor sales volume. While many users were impressed with the speaker's sound quality, people were disappointed by the device's inability to support non-iOS devices, and the lack of built-in music sources besides Apple Music. According to a Bloomberg report, many also found the $349 price tag simply too high, especially when compared to other devices in the smart speaker market.
During the first ten weeks of HomePod sales, the device occupied 10 percent of the smart speaker market, with Amazon Echo and Google Home occupying 73 and 14 percent, respectively. Part of the initial disappointing sales figures might be explained by the fact that Apple missed its original HomePod release date in December, which could potentially have increased sales over the holiday season.
It remains to be seen whether the HomePod will fare better in Germany, France, and Canada. If not, it's rumored that Apple will be announcing a cheaper version of the HomePod later in 2018, which could spur sales among potential buyers who were initially turned off by the price tag of the device.
AOL announced today that AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) will shut down as of December 15. AIM has been pretty dead for years, largely supplanted by services like Facebook, Skype, Twitter, Google Hangouts, text messaging, and WhatsApp. But I'm still a little sorry to see it go. AIM was the first instant messenger service that I ever used, and for years, it was one of the dominant ways I communicated online. While the service was in testing by May, it didn't go public until the fall of 1997, which dovetailed neatly with major changes in my own life.
I started college in August 1997. I wasn't really homesick, but I was a bit bummed. Back at home, my parents had paid for AOL's online service for roughly two years and I'd built up a small cadre of friends and acquaintances on the company's forums and chat services. Once I headed off to college I figured these friendships were behind me. There were no third-party clients to connect to multiple chat services; aggregators like Trillian and Pidgin didn't even exist yet. Then I discovered AIM.
The first real user name I ever used online was an abbreviation for my college's name and our mascot. For years, I was absurdly proud of the fact that my AIM user name had no numbers after it. I would occasionally see fellow students with the same name as myself, but always with a 01, 15, etc after it. Not me. It's probably one of the few things I ever thought of first. I still connect to AIM with a third-party client, though looking at my old friends list drives home how little people use the service now. After I met my fiancée, AIM was how we initially kept in touch. While my use faded as I moved to other chat clients, AIM was a link to my past, like a great restaurant you don't eat at very often, but remember fondly when you think of it.
AIM's larger problem was that AOL never really found a way to monetize or boost the feature. Other, more successful IM clients, like Google and now Facebook, added multimedia capabilities that AIM toyed with in some cases, but ultimately never attempted to drive as a core feature of the client. The UI, originally clean and simple, also became more cluttered as AOL shoved features and advertising into the client without much consideration for how it impacted the overall experience. As AOL got more annoying, more people either shifted to connecting to the service with a third-party client (Trillian, Pidgin, etc), or simply stopped using the service and migrated to a different one.
AOL also never really liked AIM. The problem is a classic case of the Innovator's Dilemma. AOL had spent a great deal of time and effort into building AOL as a dominant web portal. Once upon a time, there was a genuine use-case for the client. AOL still offered access to the full internet through its own online browser, but it also offered an array of sports scores, news, stock tickers, personal ads (I think, but I'm not 100 percent sure on this one), topic-specific chat rooms, and the ability to chat with other AOL users who were also online. This walled garden created ample opportunities for AOL to either gather search and profile data on users. The gild was fading off that particular lily by the mid-2000s, but AOL remained a useful way for people who weren't comfortable using the ‘full internet' to keep in touch with one another. You could even make a case that companies like Facebook succeeded by improving on and streamlining some of the concepts that AOL offered 20 years ago. The largest difference, of course, is that Facebook is more directly focused on social engagement. It also never charged a monthly fee or attempted to moonlight as an ISP.
AIM, however, never really fit into AOL's plans, and the company never invested in the project the way it could've. Mashable has a discussion of the rise and fall of AOL Instant Messenger, and it's worth a read if you're curious about the company. As for me, I admit, I'll miss AIM just a little bit. I may not have used it in years, but it was the way I kept in touch with friends, family, and loved ones for over a decade. It wasn't the first IM client–that honor goes to ICQ, which I also used–but its clean, relatively simple interface had more of an impact on IM client design long-term. Today, every IM client I can think of uses a format more akin to AIM's than ICQ.
This is Dputiger, signing off.
Bernhard Langer has compiled 36 victories and just over $25 million in earnings on the PGA Tour Champions, and he is a seven-time player of the year. It might help the others if the 60-year-old German takes a week off every now and then.
“Sometimes they say, ‘Why don't you take a week off?' I joke back and say, ‘If you pay me some disappearance fee, I might.' But I haven't received any yet,” Langer said Monday while previewing the Senior PGA Championship in Benton Harbor, Michigan.
Leave it to Langer's son to arrange that.
Langer revealed that he won't be able to defend his title on May 24-27 because his youngest son, 18-year-old Jason, is graduating from high school that weekend.
“Family always comes first in my life, so I've got to be there to support him, to celebrate him moving on to college,” Langer said.
He said his son will attend Penn's Wharton School of Business and plans to play golf.
“I wouldn't want to miss that,” Langer said. “I'm going to miss competing for this, but hopefully, there will be more chances in the future.”
Langer won last year at Trump National outside Washington to complete the career Grand Slam on the 50-and-older circuit.
A year ago, Phil Mickelson sat out the U.S. Open at Erin Hills went his second-oldest daughter graduated from high school. Corey Pavin nearly had the same conflict in 2005 for the U.S. Open at Pinehurst No. 2, but he flew cross-country after his opening round Thursday and caught a redeye back to North Carolina for his second round.
TOP 60 LOOMS
Patton Kizzire already has two PGA Tour victories this season and is No. 2 in the FedEx Cup. That still might not be enough to avoid qualifying for the U.S. Open.
The USGA in 2012 eliminated its exemption for multiple winners on the PGA Tour from the previous U.S. Open when it revamped its criteria that focused more on the top 60 in the world ranking. Kizzire is at No. 57 this week.
The cutoff for being among the top 60 is on May 21, after the AT&T Byron Nelson. There also is another cutoff for the top 60 on June 11, the final ranking going into the U.S. Open on June 14-17 at Shinnecock Hills.
Chief among the prominent names not yet eligible is Adam Scott, who has played in 67 consecutive majors dating to the 2001 British Open at Royal Lytham & St. Annes. Scott, who missed the cut last week in the Texas Open, is at No. 64.
Alexander Levy of France moved up 19 spots to No. 47 with his victory last week on the European Tour, and that might be enough to secure his spot.
Among those near the top 60 with three tournaments remaining — the Zurich Classic in New Orleans does not offer world ranking points as a team event — are Luke List and Thomas Pieters (tied at No. 54), Bernd Wiesberger (No. 60), Ryan Moore (No. 62), Charles Howell III (No. 63) and former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel (No. 65). Schwartzel has played in every major dating to the 2009 U.S. Open at Bethpage Black.
The winner of The Players Championship in three weeks gets a three-year exemption.
NIEMANN'S DEBUT
Joaquin Niemann already has shown a knack for the big occasion this year.
The 19-year-old from Chile thought he was playing his final round as an amateur in January until he shot a 63 in the last round to win the Latin American Amateur Championship, which got him into the Masters.
He delayed turning pro to play at Augusta National. And in his pro debut, Niemann shot 67-67 on the weekend to finish sixth in the Texas Open. The top-10 finish will get him into the Wells Fargo Championship next week at Quail Hollow, along with giving him a big start toward earning special temporary membership on the PGA Tour and having access to unlimited sponsor exemptions.
He has 100 FedEx Cup points and needs 365 to earn special temporary membership. Niemann says he already has received exemptions for the AT&T Byron Nelson and the Memorial.
“I think this is going to give me a lot of confidence to try to do my card for this year,” Niemann said. “Thing is, I've got a couple more tournaments coming and I just can't wait for it.”
Niemann also is exempt into the final stage of U.S. Open qualifying. He gave that up from his Latin American Amateur victory by turning pro, but the U.S. Open exempts Mark H. McCormack Medal winners (No. 1 in the world amateur ranking) into sectional qualifying if they no longer are amateur.
SCOTT'S SCHEDULING
Adam Scott tends to play less rather than more, though he's not opposed to making it up as he goes along depending on the mood and the game. That's one reason he chose to play the Texas Open coming off a 70-71 weekend at the Masters.
It didn't work out as Scott played in the windy side of the draw in San Antonio, didn't play particularly well and missed the cut.
But it reminded him of an occasion 10 years ago, when he tied for 25th at the Masters with a reasonable performance. He flew home to Australia and played golf with some of his friends. And he was playing well.
“And I'm like, ‘Why am I wasting my good golf on you guys?”‘ Scott said. “So I flew back the next week to Dallas and won the Byron Nelson. Kind of one of those things where you can't be so stubborn. I'm trying to be really in tune with where my game's at and identify why I'm just not having better results. To change that, I've got to change something. Otherwise, I'm just going to do the same thing.”
DIVOTS
Luke Donald is stepping away to try to heal an ailing back. Donald, a former world No. 1 who hasn't won since the end of 2013 in Japan, said on Twitter that he has been trying to play with back pain for the last few months and has decided to get treatment and take time off to recover. “Gutted about this but I'm fully committed to getting back out onto the course,” he tweeted. … CBS broadcaster Jim Nantz will receive the Ambassador of Golf Award this year at the Bridgestone Invitational. He joins two former colleagues, producer Frank Chirkinian and lead analyst Ken Venturi, in receiving the award. … The LPGA Tour is back in Los Angeles and San Francisco, giving California 12 tournaments on the PGA Tour, LPGA Tour and PGA Tour Champions combined. … Inbee Park has returned to No. 1 in the world in women's golf. Five players were at No. 1 since Park last topped the ranking in October 2015.
STAT OF THE WEEK
The Zurich Classic is the first time the four reigning major champions are at the same tournament since the Tour Championship.
FINAL WORD
“I feel like a veteran right now. I feel like a tour player now. I know I can beat these guys and just going to wait for my week and try to win.” — Joaquin Niemann after finishing sixth in his professional debut at the Texas Open.
Miami Heat coach Erik Spoelstra talks about Boston Celtics' Isaiah Thomas' 52-point night Friday, Dec. 30, 2016, against the Heat. The Celtics' 5-9, 185-point guard scored 29 of his career-high 52 points in the fourth quarter – all but six of his team's 35 points in the final period – lifting Boston to a thrilling 117-114 victory over Miami at TD Garden.
Image caption A headstone honours the patients at the former Broadgate Hospital who were buried in unmarked graves
A memorial to 935 patients buried in unmarked graves at a former mental hospital has been unveiled.
They were interred in paupers' graves near Broadgate Hospital, in Beverley, which closed in 1989.
East Riding of Yorkshire Council said it installed a headstone, information board and planted trees around the graves in Queensgate Cemetery "as a mark of respect and remembrance".
A service of dedication was held at the nearby St Mary's Church.
All the men and women were buried between 1911 and 1980 in a section of the cemetery known as the Broadgate Compartment.
They were laid to rest in unmarked graves because they were "unclaimed by their families and did not receive a proper funeral", the council said.
Image caption A service was held near the cemetery where councillor Caroline Fox unveiled the memorial
Caroline Fox, chair of East Riding of Yorkshire Council, said: "It is sad to think that hundreds of Broadgate patients were buried in this part of the cemetery and almost forgotten.
"Thanks to the actions of the council's cemetery officers we hope these people can now be given the same respect and remembrance as anyone else.
"The headstone and noticeboard, and the trees as they grow around these graves, will stand as a reminder for generations to come."
Image copyright County Asylums Image caption Broadgate Hospital was designed by architect Charles Henry Howell and opened as The East Riding Asylum in 1871
The hospital was designed by architect Charles Henry Howell and opened as The East Riding Asylum in 1871.
In the 1920s it was renamed the East Riding Mental Hospital in a bid to dissociate itself from the "grim reputation of Victorian times", the authority said. It was later changed to Broadgate Hospital.
Following its closure, psychiatric services were transferred to De La Pole Hospital in Willerby and the building was demolished two years later, before the site was redeveloped for housing.
CONCORD, North Carolina — Charlotte Motor Speedway will reapply the PJ1 traction compound early Saturday after an issue in spraying it Friday.
Dale Earnhardt Jr., Brad Keselowski, Kyle Busch and David Ragan all hit the wall in Friday's Cup practice.
“We discovered the sprayer heads on our machine – one was partially clogged, the other was not spraying enough and there is not enough substance on the race track in Turn 4,” Don Hawk, senior vice president of business affairs for Speedway Motorsports, Inc., told motorsport.com.
Drivers who wrecked reported how slick the traction compound was.
“Just unfortunate that I got up in the stuff, the grippy stuff and it was slick,'' Busch said after qualifying fourth. “It just kind of washed us right out to the fence.”
Earnhardt hit the wall moments after Cup practice began Friday and had to go to a backup car. Keselowski, Busch and Ragan did not go to a backup car.
“The stuff that they sprayed down, it's had a bad reaction to the sun or something that has made it really slick,'' Earnhardt said. “We saw at Bristol it takes some heat and some activity to work it in … and create grip but we've never seen it like this. I know it's the same stuff that they've used in the past and we've not had any issues with here and at New Hampshire and other places.''
Ricky Stenhouse Jr. didn't crash but he had an anxious moment when he ran through it in practice.
“It's the opposite of traction right now,'' he said. “I got a little high off of Turn 2. It's just as slick in (Turns) 1 and 2 as it is in 3 and 4. None of us are going to go run there on purpose to get that in.
“At a place like (New Hampshire), you're running 70 miles an hour in the corner vs. 170 and can kind of run it in, you've got modifieds that help run it. I don't really see us running that in, so it will be interesting to see how that plays out. None of us really thought that the compound traction really helped us last race here. We thought it was a little bit slicker as well. It will be interesting to see how it works.''
Martin Truex Jr., who didn't have any issues in practice, expressed confidence in the compound.
“I think as we move through the weekend it will get better and better,'' Truex said.
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
Christchurch residents in the fire-affected Tai Tapu/ Port Hills are being reminded to phone their GP if they are experiencing any respiratory problems.
Fires continue to spread and thick black smoke is blanketing the air. Over 100 residents have had to evacuate their houses.
Canterbury Medical Officer of Health Dr Alistair Humprey says the smoke has spread over the city and surrounding hill suburbs.
“For the vast majority of people, the smoke will be unpleasant but carries no risk to their health. However, smoke may irritate the eyes, nose, throat and airways. More serious symptoms include runny or sore eyes, dry or sore throat, sore nose, cough, tightness of the chest or difficulty breathing.
In healthy people, most symptoms disappear soon after exposure to smoke ends and do not cause long-term health problems.”
People who have difficulty breathing, have a prolonged cough or tightness in their chest should make their own GP team their first call 24/7 for #carearoundtheclock.
In an emergency always phone 111. For all other health care needs to make your usual general practice team your first call – after hours, and when they're closed, a team or nurses is ready to take your call. They can tell you what to do and where to go if you need to be seen urgently.”
Dr Humphrey says most people are very unlikely to have any long-term health effects but people with pre-existing respiratory (lung) illness or heart disease may experience and exacerbation (recurrence) of their condition.
Cigarette smokers, the elderly, children and those with heart disease, asthma or other lung disease are at greatest risk of harm from smoke inhalation.
“Avoid exposure where possible by staying indoors and closing windows and doors,” he says.
“Seek medical help if your symptoms worsen, especially if you have asthma, lung or heart disease, or if you start to experience breathlessness or chest pain.”
So far no one has presented themselves at Christchurch Hospital's Emergency Department.
LOS ANGELES (AP) Jared Goff went around the locker room, the rookie quarterback offering the same message to his teammates. A 44-6 loss to the Arizona Cardinals was not the end of a miserable first season as the Los Angeles Rams once again, but the beginning of the process to build a winning team, program and culture.
Goff the leader seems more than ready to oversee that transformation. Whether Goff the quarterback can deliver it on the field still isn't clear after making and losing seven starts after being drafted No. 1 overall.
Goff was 13 of 20 passing for 120 yards, the fifth time he failed to top 200 yards this season. He did not throw a touchdown pass for the fourth time this season. Goff was sacked seven times, a season high after taking just one in his debut against Miami seven weeks earlier.
”He probably got hit more than me, actually,” running back Todd Gurley said.
The Rams went three-and-out on five of 11 possessions and picked up just five first downs before Sean Mannion replaced Goff with 11:35 left in the fourth quarter, producing one of the afternoon's biggest cheers.
But Goff and, perhaps more importantly, his teammates believe he has shown enough to justify the heavy price the Rams paid in their trade with the Tennessee Titans last April, including the No. 5 overall pick in the 2017 draft.
”I've seen him grow and that kid's future is going to be real sharp,” defensive end Williams Hayes said. ”Two years from now, next year from now, we won't be having this discussion. He'll be one of the best to play the game, that's my personal opinion.”
Said offensive lineman Rodger Saffold: ”I don't think he ever wavered.”
The statistics and tape don't necessarily match those assessments. The Rams scored just 85 points in Goff's starts. Against a determined cardinal pass rush, Goff was jittery in the pocket and held onto the ball too long, exacerbating the struggles of an offensive line down two starters because of injury.
When Goff did make a play, such as his 13-yard completion to tight end Lance Kendricks after a blocked punt started a second-quarter drive at Arizona's 19-yard line, it was negated by a holding penalty. When the Rams made a play – wide receiver Tavon Austin taking a direct snap off left tackle for a 38-yard touchdown – it was negated by an illegal motion penalty on Goff for not being set after stepping out from under center.
One of the most productive contributions Goff provided was his frustration coming off the field on a fourth-and-one midway through the third quarter, inadvertently helping set up a completion by punter Johnny Hekker to move the chains.
Interim coach and special teams coordinator John Fassel didn't know Goff was upset.
”He obviously didn't know we were going to run the fake punt, so I'm sure he wanted to go for it,” Fassel said. ”I'm glad he was mad.”
Goff's demeanor seems to be ideal for what the Rams are now facing, having gone through a 1-11 season as a freshman starter at California. After taking his lumps and growing with a core of players around him, Goff took the Golden Bears to a bowl game in his third season and set a then-Pac-12 record for touchdown passes in a season.
”That was a hard time and feels just about the same. It's pretty identical,” Goff said.
Goff was already planning workouts with his receivers and preparing to study the playbook as soon as a new head coach is hired, the future of the franchise preparing for the franchise's future.
”At the end of the day, the thing is running through Jared,” Austin said. ”That's how it is going to be next year. Hopefully we'll be better next year.”
Spotting signs of life in an alien planet's atmosphere may be tougher than scientists had thought.
One prominent such "biosignature" target, ozone, may get trapped near the equators of Proxima b, TRAPPIST-1d and other potentially habitable worlds that orbit close to their host stars, making the gas hard to detect from afar, a new study suggests.
"Absence of traces of ozone in future observations does not have to mean there is no oxygen at all," study lead author Ludmila Carone, of the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy in Heidelberg, Germany, said in a statement. "It might be found in different places than on Earth, or it might be very well hidden." [Exoplanet Discovery: The 7 Earth-Sized Planets of TRAPPIST-1 in Pictures]
Ozone is an unstable molecule that consists of three oxygen atoms. Here on Earth, the stuff is generally produced in the atmosphere after ultraviolet (UV) radiation from the sun splits "normal" diatomic oxygen (O2).
The vast majority of Earth's O2 is generated by living organisms — plants and photosynthetic microbes — so ozone serves as a sort of secondary biomarker, at least for Earth-like life.
Earth's atmospheric flows distribute most ozone relatively evenly into our planet's famous ozone layer, which helps shield life from harmful UV radiation. So hypothetical aliens studying Earth from afar with powerful telescopes would have a good chance of detecting the gas.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. — The Latest on the international ArtPrize competition (all times local):
——
9 p.m.
A portrait of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln made with more than 24,000 pennies is among the top prizes in the ninth annual international ArtPrize competition in western Michigan.
“A. Lincoln” by Richard Schlatter was awarded one of two $200,000 grand prizes Friday following a public vote. For the other, a jury of experts selected Seitu Jones' “The Heartside Community Meal,” which welcomed 250 residents to a 300-foot table in Grand Rapids' Heartside Park last month for a healthy, locally grown meal.
An additional $100,000 in prizes was split among the top entries in various categories.
More than 1,300 artists from 47 countries and 41 U.S. states entered this year's international competition. Their works were displayed publicly throughout Grand Rapids over 19 days.
The venues will remain open through Sunday evening.
——
5:30 a.m.
The winners of this year's international ArtPrize competition are being announced during an event in western Michigan.
In all, $500,000 in cash prizes will be awarded as part of ArtPrize Nine — including $200,000 for the public favourite and $200,000 for a winner picked by an expert jury. An awards event takes place Friday night in Grand Rapids before ArtPrize wraps up on Sunday.
The first round of voting narrowed entries down to 20 chosen by the public and 20 by the jury. The second round of voting ran through this week. The work of more than 1,300 artists has been on display since last month at more than 170 venues.
Feng Tang Fried Crab is the Chinese version of shrimp and grits, something fishermen came up with, to use what they caught. A big platter of golden fried garlic, studded with chunks of softshell crab.
Trump Congratulates Erdoğan After Referendum Win
US President Donald Trump called Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to congratulate him on winning a referendum expanding his authority, sources in Erdoğan's palace say.
Turkey voted on Sunday to switch to a presidential system, greatly increasing Erdoğan's powers.
Unofficial results, which the opposition said it would challenge, showed a narrow victory for him with 51.4 per cent of votes casts in favour.
European electoral observers have criticised the referendum as not being held on an even playing field or in a genuinely democratic way.
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Trump Congratulates Erdoğan After Referendum Win appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Sudan's president visited villages, such as this one in Darfur last month, ahead of the US announcement
The US is lifting most of the economic and trade sanctions it first imposed on Sudan two decades ago.
However Sudan will remain listed as a state sponsor of terror.
US officials said Sudan had made progress in counter-terrorism and human rights issues. The process of lifting the sanctions began under the Obama administration earlier this year.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir remains wanted by the International Criminal Court for alleged war crimes.
Human rights groups have opposed the easing of sanctions.
Heather Nauert, spokesperson for the US State Department, said in a statement that the decision followed "a focused, 16-month diplomatic effort to make progress with Sudan".
She said the move recognised Sudan's "sustained positive actions" but more progress was needed.
Sanctions were first imposed on Khartoum in 1997, when it harboured fugitives including Osama bin Laden.
A further round was put in place in 2006 in response to Sudanese forces' actions in the Darfur conflict.
Citizens of Sudan were removed from the US travel ban restrictions last month.
Andrew Prasow, from Human Rights Watch, told Reuters that lifting the sanctions "sent the wrong message" when Sudan had "made so little progress on human rights".
Maddy Crowther, from British-based campaign group Waging Peace, said the US government was "wrong-headed" to focus on Sudan's offensive military activity, and not civilians' safety, in making the decision.
An eagerly anticipated move
By Mohanad Hashim, BBC Africa
This move has been eagerly anticipated in Khartoum since President Obama partially eased the punitive measures before he left office.
It is expected to boost sectors in the Sudanese economy that have suffered from the trade embargo - these include aviation, agriculture, oil and technology.
The move will be celebrated by some as a victory for the ruling National Congress Party, but it remains to be seen how the average Sudanese will benefit.
For decades, Khartoum has blamed the sanctions for all sorts of ills that befell the Sudanese economy, rather than confronting the chronic mismanagement and the rampant corruption.
beIN SPORTS
The Champions League draw kicks things off on this week's Football Crazy, before we move onto Milan's first win under Gattuso, Madrid's five-star showing against Sevilla, Lyon's latest academy ace, and Sunday's salty Premier League derbies. Plus, Ter Stegen is a gent, no goals for Serie A's title chasers and Toronto clinch the treble!
Click here to subscribe on iTunes !
Follow us:
beIN SPORTS: Twitter | Facebook | Instagram
Kay Murray: Twitter | Facebook | Instagram
Kevin Egan: Twitter | Facebook | Instagram
Links discussed in this episode:
In brief: After a scientist added X and Y nucleotide bases to E. coli bacteria's natural genetic alphabet, the DNA generated new proteins. This is the first time an organism has made proteins using anything other than the natural G, C, A, and T bases.
New, Semi-Synthetic Life
At the core of all life on Earth is the molecule deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA). From the different combinations of DNA's nucleotide bases — adenine (A), cytosine (C), guanine (G), and thymine (T) — come the various genetic expressions of a living being. But what if you could add more letters to this genetic alphabet?
Back in 2014, chemical biologist Floyd Romesberg did just that. He and his team at the Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla, California, expanded the natural genetic alphabet to include an X and a Y in a strain of E.coli bacteria. Now, they've taken that work one step further through a study recently published in the journal Nature.
In this new study, Romesberg and his colleagues demonstrate how their partially synthetic strain of E.coli can process instructions from its additional X and Y nucleotide bases to express new proteins.
“This is the first time ever a cell has translated a protein using something other than G, C, A, or T,” Romesberg told Reuters. “It's the first change to life ever made.”
Creating “Artificial Life?"
Thankfully, Romesberg and his team have no intention of using their research to provoke some kind of explosion of new, hybrid life forms. As Romesberg told Reuters, his X and Y nucleotide bases can't bond with DNA's natural bases, nor can these semi-synthetic organisms (SSOs) survive outside a laboratory setting. “They can't escape,” Romesberg said. “There's no Jurassic Park scenario.”
Still, as University of Waterloo associate professor Brian Ingalls told Futurism, we must be cautious when dealing with the manipulation of life.
“Based on our knowledge of how life works (at the molecular level and above), it's not worthwhile to attempt a distinction between ‘natural' and ‘artificial',” he said. “We can, however, distinguish ‘new' from ‘old,' and there we should be concerned about the potential for new organisms to disrupt existing ecosystems.”
As Ingalls noted, Romesberg's study is designed in such a way as to prevent such disruption. “New organisms whose molecular mechanisms are sufficiently different from (known) biochemistry are far less likely to interact in unpredictable ways with existing organisms,” he said.
So, Romesberg's semi-synthetic organisms are unlikely to disrupt existing life on Earth, but could they impact the development of organic artificial intelligence (AI), for example, robots with partially biological bodies?
“What we have now is an SSO that stores and retrieves increased information. What one does with the increased information is the question,” Romesberg told Futurism. “If one can develop a genetic AI, then I guess that the SSO could be used house it. The increased information and types of possible proteins available could be useful.”
Our Bodies and Our World
Beyond the visions of semi-organic robots or real-life Jurassic Parks are the many far more realistic applications for Romesberg's semi-synthetic organisms. As Ingalls noted, they could help us solve many of humanity's biggest problems in health, agriculture, manufacturing, and a variety of other arenas.
The most immediate application for Romesberg's work is the development of novel protein-based drug treatments. As he told Reuters, many of the proteins that are attractive for drug treatments are quickly flushed out the body by our kidneys. His semi-synthetic DNA could be used to create proteins bearing fat molecules that would prevent this quick removal.
Beyond our bodies, these semi-synthetic organisms could be used to improve the health of our environment.
“Our long term interest is not getting bacteria and other cells to make proteins for us, but rather to see if we can get the cells to use [the proteins] themselves to gain new functions or attributes,” Romesberg told Futurism. “For example, could we give bacteria proteins that allow them to break down certain hydrocarbons that we could then use to clean up oil spills?”
Generally speaking, researchers could program these proteins to give cells some new advantages under certain conditions, said Romesberg. In this way, they could prompt evolution to find new solutions to adapt to outside circumstances.
Romesberg's team plans to continue pushing their research on semi-synthetic organisms to new levels. They hope to expand the genetic alphabet of cells from organisms more complex than E.coli, such as yeast or humans, and they're also starting to consider doing the same for an intact organism, such as C. elegans worms, he told Futurism.
Image copyright LMA
Dance halls were a huge part of people's lives across Scotland and beyond.
Many met their partners there, had a taste of freedom and encountered new and exciting kinds of music.
A new exhibition about the social history of music and venues from the 1920s to the 1970s opens in Edinburgh this weekend.
Image copyright LMA Image caption The revolving stage at Palais de Dance in Edinburgh (1958)
"One Saturday we happened to meet each other at the dancing and he took me for a gin and tonic," says Evelyn Whitfield, remembering her dancing days as a teenager in Cupar.
She worked with the man who is now her husband but dancing was key in how things developed.
Evelyn says: "Even now, when we've been married for 54 years, when he has a gin and tonic, he wafts it in front of my face and I start singing the dance hall music because it's so evocative of that time."
Image caption One of Evelyn's dance hall dresses
What you wore to the dance hall was hugely important and Evelyn shows me one of her dancing dresses.
It is a floaty polka dot number with petticoats which were dipped in sugared water to keep them sticking out.
Her memories of some of the dance halls are of beehive hairdos, heavy with the smell of hairspray.
As for the dances themselves, the quickstep and tango were favourites of her husband, Donald.
He explains that dancing, as well as being a lot of fun could be a tough business.
Image caption Evelyn and Donald have been married 54 years but still recall their dance hall days
Donald says: "If you weren't good in some of the places, then the girl you were dancing with would just leave you in the middle of the floor.
"It never happened to me," he adds.
Scotland was particularly keen on dancing and dance halls.
Like cinema, provision here was higher than elsewhere in the UK.
In Glasgow, by 1937 for instance, there were 256 places you could go dancing.
Some of the venues were more glamorous than others.
"That's one of the things that's fascinating about dancing for a historian," says Dr James Nott of St Andrews University.
He became interested in dance halls partly because his parents met in one.
He says for women in particular they represented a kind of freedom.
Dr Nott says: "Really it's a way of looking at some of the big economic, social and political changes that are going on, it reflects those changes and also helps shape them too."
The exhibition has been set up by the oral history charity, the Living Memory Association.
There will also be a chance this weekend to dance in a 'pop-up' dance hall in an empty shop and talk about memories.
"It's so central, like school days and childhood," says project worker, Miles Tubb.
"There's this graduation of life to the dancing and for people to be able to give information, it's history after all, a lot of shared memories."
As the 1960s wore on, things changed.
Women waiting for men to ask them to dance began to feel old fashioned, people did different things in their leisure time, music was played on records.
They are gone now but dance halls left their mark.
Apia, SAMOA — Samoa's Civil Society Support Programme has warned families who receive assistance from them that they cannot sell them.
One family on Savai'i had advertised a donated water tank for sale on an online market site due to relocating, saying they needed the money.
The CSSP responded on social media that donated equipment were not to be sold and has urged the public to report this kind of illegal activity to authorities.
The post selling the water tank has since been taken down.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The hotel room contained more than 20 weapons and thousands of rounds of ammunition
A man who sold ammunition to Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock has been charged with conspiracy to manufacture and sell armour-piercing bullets without a licence.
Police said they found Douglas Haig's fingerprints on unused ammunition at the hotel room from where Paddock shot dead 58 people last October.
Mr Haig earlier told a news conference he had nothing to do with the attack.
He said he had met Paddock in September and sold him 720 rounds of ammunition.
Mr Haig, 55, of Mesa, Arizona, is the first person to be charged in connection with the mass shooting - the deadliest in modern US history.
Image caption Stephen Paddock opened fire from a hotel room overlooking the Las Vegas Strip
Paddock opened fire on hundreds of people attending a music concert from a 32nd floor window of the Mandalay Bay hotel.
When officers stormed the room they found Paddock dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. He had smuggled 24 weapons and thousands of rounds of ammunition into the hotel concealed in 10 suitcases.
According to the charge sheet, investigators also found a cardboard box with Mr Haig's name and address on it that had contained some of the ammunition.
Mr Haig has been released on bail pending a preliminary hearing in Phoenix on 15 February.
If convicted he faces up to five years in prison.
A group of fifty six senior students from Hato Paora College, the largest Māori boys boarding school in New Zealand, head towards Te Tai Tokerau today.
The purpose of the trip is to give whānau who live in the far north the opportunity to connect with the school as some find it difficult to visit their sons regularly.
Acting Principal Sean Bristow says, “Our job is to champion education in a Te Ao Maori setting. Maintaining the connection with whānau is central to that whakaaro”.
Whānau support has always played a key role in keeping the school afloat. However, Mr. Bristow says that this trip is also a great opportunity to promote the college to the people of the North, to prepare the students for the rugby season that is fast approaching and to prep the haka team for the National Secondary School Kapa Haka Competition set to take place this July.
Bristow says tours like this are important, “these young men are a large part of a positive future for our people. We are building a community of men we can be proud of, who are educated, steeped in Te Ao Māori, who will care for each other, their whānau, and iwi”.
The group will spend two nights at Te Mahurehure Marae in Auckland and are set to perform at the Auckland Museum on Wednesday morning, followed by a rugby game against Marcellin College for the First and Second XV teams.
They will then carry on through to Te Tai Tokerau.
Taking a leap Into the Abyss New store by Hamilton record store veteran opens on Locke Street
An abyss is dark and bottomless. It's a mysterious place where it's easy to get lost in nostalgia and deep thoughts. The new record shop on the corner of Locke Street South and Canada Street is just that, but with white walls and friendly faces that will greet you with open arms.
After two years of thinking about opening a record shop, Brad Germain and his wife, Jenni Germain, softly opened Into the Abyss during the Locke Street Festival earlier in September.
Their passion for music and desire to do things their own way while still having fun, drove the couple to open up their own shop.
Brad, who can easily be recognized by record-shopping regulars, worked at Cheapies, the oldest record shop in Hamilton, for 18 years.
“It was a great learning experience… I'll be forever grateful to the owner at Cheapies for teaching me so much of the business and how to do it… But I think you get to a point in your life when you just want to do your own thing,” said Brad.
Brad's life revolves around music. He loves listening to records and talking to his customers about different kinds of music.
It's something others can share with him, so that he can learn about their cultures and experiences, in turn, others can learn about him and his interests.
“In divisive times, any chance that you have to bridge the gap in communication and the gap in understanding between people, you really have to try and take it… That's why I'm so passionate about music. I can see how important it is… It's a joyous thing to be able to do. It's a great way to bring people together,” explained Brad.
Into the Abyss' selection reflects the message of bringing people together.
The Germains ensure their selection is unique by putting records in their store that have never sold before in the city and focusing on music that is underrepresented in Hamilton.
While music-lovers can still find popular and sought-out vintage records on the shelves, Into the Abyss also encourages customers to introduce themselves to music beyond Western rock.
Customers can explore records from places like Latin America and Africa, whole also being able to pick up ambient and avant-garde records from the likes of Brain Eno and William Basinski.
Into the Abyss is not only a place for music lovers, the space also includes a selection of vintage clothing and trendy Into the Abyss merchandise. Jenni is currently working on designing and manufacturing her own clothing, which will soon hit the shop's shelves.
A friend of the Germains is also designing tie-dye shirts, hoodies and adult onesies. And the work of other artist friends, such as Sarah Froese, who handcrafts printed matter using an antique press, will also be sold.
“You can mix up the experience, it's for music fans but it's also for friends of music fans,” said Brad.
Into the Abyss also aims to be a place Hamiltonians and especially young people, can feel comfortable in.
Brad believes that record stores are a place to make new friends, while also being the kind of place people can get lost in and feed their imagination and sense of wonder.
As for the strange name, Brad chose “Into the Abyss” for many reasons: its uniqueness, its reference to the philosopher Nietzsche, but mostly because it reflects his experience opening up his own shop.
“When you are going out on a limb and going into business for yourself, it really is like going into the unknown, ‘into the abyss'… you are going into a territory that you've never been into before and it can be scary and daunting,” explained Brad.
Despite the process being a little scary and the pressure of a profit-driven industry, Brad and Jenni Germain will continue to stay true to themselves, do what they love and run Into the Abyss with a genuine passion for sharing music with others.
Into the Abyss is located on 119 Locke Street South and will be offering a 10 per cent discount to students with a valid McMaster ID on Tuesdays.
Comments
Image copyright Google Image caption A man, 26, has been arrested over the death of a 38-year-old pedestrian who was fatally injured on Barras Lane, Coventry
A man has handed himself in to police after a pedestrian was killed in a hit-and-run.
The 38-year-old victim died in hospital after he was struck by a Chevrolet Captiva in Barras Lane, Coventry, during the early hours of Tuesday.
The car had been stolen in a knifepoint carjacking on Gordon Street just minutes before the tragic collision.
A local man, 26, is being held on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and robbery.
West Midlands Police said the car failed to stop at the scene and was abandoned after crashing on Radford Circle moments later.
A large knife was discovered in the footwell of the car and both have been forensically examined, police said.
Police believe there were two men inside the Captiva at the time of the collision.
The victim of the carjacking suffered minor injuries.
Inspector Steve Radford, from the force's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Our investigation remains on-going and we will be interviewing the man in custody today.
"We believe that two men ran from the vehicle, so we are still appealing for witnesses and anyone with information to come forward."
Image copyright Getty Images
"Historic" legislation to offer greater protection and powers to Scotland's island communities has been passed.
The Islands (Scotland) Bill was unanimously backed by MSPs at Holyrood.
It gives island councils extra powers over activities on and around their coastlines and requires ministers to have a long-term plan for improvement.
Islands minister Humza Yousaf said the passage of the bill was "an important milestone for island communities".
MSPs also agreed an amendment to the bill barring public bodies from putting Shetland in a box on maps of Scotland.
The bill includes the creation of a "national islands plan" to set a long-term improvement strategy, extended powers for island councils over areas like marine licensing, and protection for the boundaries of the Holyrood constituency of Na h-Eileanan an Iar.
The new requirement on maps of Shetland came through an amendment from the islands' MSP Tavish Scott.
He called for a requirement on any public bodies publishing documents including maps of Scotland to display them "in a manner that accurately and proportionately represents their geographical location in relation to the rest of Scotland".
Image caption Islands minister Humza Yousaf said island communities had "contributed hugely" to Scotland
The Lib Dem MSP said the common practice of placing Shetland in a box off the Aberdeenshire coast or Moray Firth was "intensely annoying" to islanders and gave a false impression of the challenges they face on account of their remote location.
Mr Yousaf accepted that this was a "really serious issue" in perception of the islands. He amended Mr Scott's amendment to insert a get-out for public bodies to break the mapping rule if they could provide a good reason why, and MSPs unanimously supported the move with this change.
'Contribute hugely'
In the final debate, Mr Yousaf said the bill was "unique", as "one of the world's first and only place-based laws".
He said: "That is entirely fitting for our islands, which contribute so much to our culture, our landscape, our heritage, which have inspired poets, songwriters, composers, artists, and which attract visitors from near and afar.
"They have contributed hugely to our past and our present, and with this bill and other measures will now have the opportunity to contribute even further to their own and our collective futures."
Image copyright BBC/Timeline Films Image caption Newly devolved powers include giving island councils greater control of activities along their coasts
Scottish Conservative MSP Peter Chapman welcomed the bill and amendments that were made by opposition parties, but warned that island communities must be properly resourced.
He said: "Across this chamber there has been a tone of hope and expectation for what this bill will achieve for our island communities.
"But it must also be recognised that much of the disadvantages faced by our island communities can only be addressed if there is necessary money allocated to make things happen. Without that budgetary commitment, many of the aspirations contained in this bill will remain just that. I sincerely hope that is not where we end up."
'Drift of centralisation'
Labour's Colin Smyth also welcomed the bill, but it "could have gone further" by giving more powers to island local authorities".
He said: "We would have liked to have seen the bill devolve more powers to our island communities, really empowering those communities, putting local experience and expertise at the heart of decision-making - and in doing so, reversing the drift of centralisation in Scotland in recent years.
"More and more powers have rightly come to the Scottish Parliament from the UK parliament, yet little has been done to devolve power from this parliament to our local councils."
Green MSP John Finnie also hailed the bill as an "excellent example of cross-party work".
He said: "It's a good template for how we should be doing business, and I do think it will turn out to be a historic piece of legislation."
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson has joined ballet dancer Misty Copeland and basketball star Stephen Curry in criticizing Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank in his praise of President Donald Trump.
In an interview with CNBC on Tuesday, Plank — whose company sponsors the three stars — said, "To have such a pro-business president is something that is a real asset for the country."
His comments quickly came under fire with some calling for a boycott of the brand.
Referring to Plank's description of Trump as an "asset," NBA star Steph Curry said: "I agree with that description, if you remove the 'et.'"
The Rock posted a message on his Facebook page on Thursday saying Plank's words "were divisive and lacking in perspective." He went on to slam the CEO further, writing, "A good company is not a single person. A good company is a team, a group of brothers and sisters committed to working together each and every day to provide for their families and one another and the clients they serve."
"Great leaders inspire and galvanize the masses during turbulent times, they don't cause people to divide and disband," Johnson wrote.
On Wednesday, Copeland wrote on Instagram that she "strongly" disagreed with Plank's comments and said her sponsors must reflect her belief in the importance of diversity and inclusion.
"I have spoken at length with Kevin privately about the matter, but as someone who takes my responsibility as a role model very seriously, it is important to me that he, and UA, take public action to clearly communicate and reflect our common values in order for us to effectively continue to work towards our shared goal of trying to motivate ALL people to be their best selves," she wrote.
In a statement to NBC News, Under Armour said, "These are not new or revised values. This is what we believe. Under Armour and Kevin Plank are for job creation and American manufacturing capabilities."
"We are against a travel ban and believe that immigration is a source of strength, diversity and innovation for global companies based in America like Under Armour," the statement concluded.
Bill Cosby dusted off his famous "Fat Albert" voice while leaving a Philadelphia courthouse during his ongoing sexual assault trial this week.
The comedian, who's on trial for allegedly drugging and raping a woman in 2004, voiced the character Fat Albert in the TV cartoon that he created in 1972.
While walking out of the courthouse on Tuesday night, Cosby did the voice and yelled out, "Hey, Hey, Hey!," which was Fat Albert's catchphrase on the show.
On Tuesday, the jury in Cosby's trial was unable to reach a verdict after a second day of deliberations.
Clint Davis covers entertainment and trending news topics for the Scripps National Desk. Follow him on Twitter @MrClintDavis.
Area firefighters battled this house fire that began as a nearby grass fire Wednesday afternoon. The fire call came in about 1 p.m. on State Highway 174 near U.S. Highway 81 behind Covenant Church. Bowie Rural Volunteer Fire Department responded along with the City of Bowie, Stoneburg, Sunset and Montague VFDs. Officials report while the house was listed as a total loss some of the contents were salvaged. The residents were not injured.(Photos by Dani Blackburn)
For over 100 years, the Bandon Cheese Factory in Bandon, Oregon, was the pride of the town. The cheese brought in the tourists, the factory employed the locals, and the business kept the town afloat.
Then 17 years ago disaster struck. A national competitor, Tillamook Cheese, bought the name, closed the factory, sent the workers home, and most of the surrounding dairy farms went bust.
For nearly 10 years the town's economy tumbled, the old building lay vacant until it was eventually torn down, and the land was turned into a parking lot. The pride of the town was stripped away.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed How Cheese Revived This One Town 6:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But eight years ago, three brash young entrepreneurs joined forces to try and reopen the factory. Daniel Graham was a local builder who dreamed of bringing cheese back to Bandon. He used his experience developing condos to recruit Greg Drobot who was a finance guy.
“I think I hung up on him when he called,” Drobot laughed. “I don't think I was very interested.”
It was the rest of the town that changed his mind. The dairy farmers, the unemployed workers, and the market for Bandon-made cheese were all still in place. When the original master cheese maker, Brad Sinko, agreed to return, Drobot decided all the elements were there for success.
All the elements except for the banks. They weren't convinced.
By now, however, Drobot was determined and he eventually cobbled together two million dollars from investors. At that point, the business was set to go. They couldn't name it Bandon, since the name had been sold, so they called it Face Rock Creamery, after a local landmark off the coast in the Pacific Ocean.
While the three owners are considered local heroes, Daniel, Greg, and Brad say they really see themselves as businessmen. “I think we all are aware that without making money the business can't grow and the town can't thrive,” said Graham. “We want to be here until 2100 and longer.”
So does the local community.
Depending on the perspective, there are good streets and not-so-good streets. And then there are great streets. This writer has a bias toward streets that are canopied. In Mississippi, that means streets that have treetops over them. Some streets in Ocean Spring, Jackson and Laurel come to mind. This column is about great streets as defined by the Project for Public Spaces (PPS), an organization whose stated purpose is to help people create and sustain public places that build community.
A street is generally defined as a public thoroughfare, usually paved, in a village or town, and usually includes adjacent sidewalks and buildings. A street is different from a highway, which is defined as a roadway between two towns. PPS sees streets as places. Although the organization is obviously urban-oriented, as one can readily deduce from viewing its Web site at www.pps.org, my guess is that it would embrace the courthouse square of the South as a great place. The reason is that the classic courthouse square scene is the place that brings the community together. It is there that political rallies, arts and crafts sales and a variety of public events are held, all wrapped with commercial storefronts.
From this writer's perspective a good street is one that achieves its purpose. If a street is conceived as built as a major traffic artery, then it will probably have multiple lanes and limited access. These type streets typically are located in commercial areas. Sometimes rapid growth can result in four-lane traffic arteries running right through residential areas. Such would then be an example of a less than desirable street.
PPS has identified the following ten qualities that contribute to the success of great streets:
• Attractions & Destinations. Having something to do gives people a reason to come to a place—and to return again and again. When there is nothing to do, a space will remain empty, which can lead to other problems. In planning attractions and destinations, it is important to consider a wide range of activities for: men and women; people of different ages; different times of day, week and year; and for people alone and in groups.
• Identity & Image. Whether a space has a good image and identity is key to its success. Creating a positive image requires keeping a place clean and well-maintained, as well as fostering a sense of identity. This identity can originate in showcasing local assets. Businesses, pedestrians, and driver will then elevate their behavior to this vision and sense of place.
• Active Edge Uses. Buildings bases should be human-scaled and allow for interaction between indoors and out. Preferably, there are active ground floor uses that create valuable experiences along a street for both pedestrians and motorists. These edge uses should be active year-round and unite both sides of the street.
• Amenities. Successful streets provide amenities to support a variety of activities. These include attractive waste receptacles to maintain cleanliness, street lighting to enhance safety, bicycle racks, and both private and public seating options—the importance of giving people the choice to sit where they want is generally underestimated. Cluster street amenities to support their use.
• Management. An active entity that manages the space is central to a street's success. This requires not only keeping the space clean and safe, but also managing tenants and programming the space to generate daily activity. Events can run the gamut from small street performances to sidewalk sales to cultural, civic or seasonal celebrations.
• Seasonal Strategies. In places without a strong management presence or variety of activities, it is often difficult to attract people year-round. Utilize seasonal strategies, like holiday markets, parades and recreational activities to activate the street during all times of the year. If a street offers a unique and attractive experience, weather is often less of a factor than people initially assume.
• Diverse User Groups. As mentioned previously, it is essential to provide activities for different groups. Mixing people of different race, gender, age, and income level ensures that no one group dominates the space and makes others feel unwelcome and out of place.
• Traffic, Transit & the Pedestrian. A successful street is easy to get to and get through; it is visible both from a distance and up close. Automobile traffic cannot dominate the space and preclude the comfort of other modes. This is generally accomplished by slowing speeds and sharing street space with a range of transportation options.
• Blending of Uses and Modes. Ground floor uses and retail activities should spill out into the sidewalks and streets to blur the distinction between public and private space.
• Protects Neighborhoods. Great streets support the context around them. There should be clear transitions from commercial streets to nearby residential neighborhoods, communicating a change in surroundings with a concomitant change in street character.
There you have it. Now, where are the great streets in your community?
» Phil's e-mail address is phil@philhardwick.com.
COUNCILLORS in the Adare Rathkeale area will return to the table later this week in a bid to advance the 3km extension of the Great Southern Greenway from Rathkeale to Ballingrane.
When the plans for the extension were brought before a special meeting of the Adare Rathkeale councillors at the end of July, they did not give the green light to the project but instead asked for a further meeting. This is now due to take place on Tuesday, August 15, just before a planning deadline is reached.
Meanwhile, a resident close to the proposed route from Rathkeale to Ballingrane has warned of potential problems in the plans drawn up by Limerick City and County Council.
Philip Ruttle explained to the Limerick Leader point out what he believes is an error by the council's engineers. “The planned extension is along the old Rathkeale to Tralee line,” Mr Ruttle explained.
Just before Ballingrane, this line meets up with the Limerick to Foynes railway line and crosses over it to the north before continuing a short distance east to Ballingrane station. According to Mr Ruttle however, the maps for the greenway extension do not show this. Instead, the Limerick Foynes line is shown as running north of the greenway, when in fact, it is south.
“The Limerick Foynes line is intact,” Mr Ruttle said. “If the plan to have it lie to the north of the greenway were to go ahead, the Foynes line would have to be radically re-aligned at enormous cost.”
Mr Ruttle is also concerned at a possible waste of public money. Approximately 600-800 metres of the proposed greenway lie in the path of the new road from Limerick to Adare and any work on the greenway would have to be undone when the new road starts, he argued.
His solution would be to run a cycle/walking path along the shoulder of the existing N21, from Rathkeale, through Croagh and on to Adare. By bringing the greenway through centres of population with amenities, there would be economic benefits for the local area, he argued.
This, he believes, would also provide a viable alternative to continuing the greenway from Ballingrane along the Limerick/Foynes railway line to Limerick. It is his belief that there is not sufficient room to run a greenway alongside the existing rail line.
Meanwhile, Cllr Kevin Sheahan has welcomed the announcement that the European Greenways Network will be holding their conference in Adare next month. And he has welcomed the organisation's continuing enthusiasm for what began as the Great Southern Trail. “Some people have indicated we are maybe coming late to the greenway idea,” Cllr Sheahan said.
“Not at all. But we must proceed with our Great Southern Greenway by extending it,” he said. Its potential for tourism cannot be ignored by any public representative, he said.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
There will be a full programme of fixtures on Saturday in the Kingstone Press Cider National Conference League after the Easter break.
Matches are:
Saturday 22 April 2017
PREMIER DIVISION
Pilkington Recs v Myton Warriors
Rochdale Mayfield v Thatto Heath Crusaders
Siddal v Kells
Wath Brow Hornets v Skirlaugh
West Hull v Leigh Miners Rangers
Wigan St Patrick's v Egremont Rangers
DIVISION ONE
Featherstone Lions v Underbank Rangers
Hull Dockers v Shaw Cross Sharks
Hunslet Club Parkside v Ince Rose Bridge
Lock Lane v Blackbrook
Normanton Knights v Hunslet Warriors
York Acorn v Milford Marlins
DIVISION TWO
Askam v Crosfields
Drighlington v Leigh East
Oulton Raiders v Salford City Roosters
Saddleworth Rangers v Millom
Thornhill Trojans v East Leeds
Wigan St Jude's v Bradford Dudley Hill
DIVISION THREE
Barrow Island v Dewsbury Moor Maroons
Clock Face Miners v Elland
Dewsbury Celtic v Gateshead Storm
Eastmoor Dragons v Waterhead Warriors
Oldham St Anne's v Stanningley
Rylands Sharks v Stanley Rangers
Woolston Rovers v West Bowling
Ailing children's clothing retailer Gymboree is reportedly preparing for bankruptcy, Bloomberg writes, citing unnamed sources with knowledge of the matter.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Outlet mall shopping: Why it's booming and how to find the best deals 3:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
So if you have any Gymboree purchases you need to return, or any unused gift cards lying around, now might be a good time to use them.
If it's a Chapter 11 bankruptcy, then the company would simply be reorganizing and continuing to do business. But if it's a Chapter 7, then it will close and sell off assets. Typically when a company goes bankrupt any new owner gains control of all the assets but not the liabilities. That includes gift cards.
Bankruptcy court will decide if the business has to honor gift certificates and for how long, but why wait to scratch the to-do off your errand list?
Related: J.C. Penney to Close 140 Stores
The move comes as other retailers industry-wide have been struggling with the decline in mall attendance and the surge in online shopping.
Facebook has shut down 30,000 fake accounts tied to France, citing deceptive content and misinformation, ahead of the country's presidential election this month, the company said Thursday.
Citing the mission of "protecting authenticity" the social media giant revealed ramped up efforts to stop the spread of fake news, hoaxes, and spam through fake accounts, which "enabled us to take action" against the French accounts, said the company in a statement.
"We've found that when people represent themselves on Facebook the same way they do in real life, they act responsibly. Fake accounts don't follow this pattern," said the company.
New technology allows the company to recognize "inauthentic accounts more easily by identifying patterns of activity — without assessing the content itself," like detecting "repeated posting of the same content, or an increase in messages sent," according to the statement.
While the efforts won't single out every fake account, the company aims to target those with the "largest footprint" and most "broad reach."
After facing harsh criticism for the lack of intervention for the spread of fake news ahead of the U.S election, which critics said may have helped sway the results in favor of Donald Trump, Facebook upped its efforts in December.
The company said that it will focus on the "worst of the worst" offenders and partner with outside fact-checkers and news organizations to sort honest news reports from made-up stories, in December statement.
Related: Google Offers Fact Checked Results Amid 'Fake News' Crisis
Facebook, as well as French media, are running fact-checking programs in France to counter false posts ahead of the two-round elections slated for April 23 to May 7.
Eleven candidates, including far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen, will be on the French ballot.
European authorities have also pressured social media companies like Twitter and Facebook to remove extremist propaganda or other postings that violate European hate speech or other laws.
Last week, Facebook launched a resource to help spot false news in fourteen countries including the U.S., France and Germany.
It leads users to a list of tips for spotting false information and how to report it.
DIVISION 1A
DUBLIN UNIVERSITY 21 YOUNG MUNSTER 19, College Park
Tommy Whittle's late converted try could be Dublin University's most valuable score of the entire Ulster Bank League season after they came from behind to beat Young Munster 21-19 at College Park.
Former Leinster underage player Whittle, who turns 22 on Wednesday, started his birthday celebrations early by coming off the bench to land the match-winning blow for the students in this end-to-end Bank Holiday Monday tie.
Trailing 19-11 in the closing stages, Jack McDermott fired over his third successful penalty and then converted Whittle's all-important try, as Trinity gave their Division 1A survival hopes a huge boost. They are now six points clear of second-from-bottom St. Mary's with three rounds remaining.
It was not looking good for Tony Smeeth's side when Munsters, who came to Dublin on the back of a five-match winning streak, cancelled out an initial McDermott penalty with tries from Ger Slattery and promising young full-back Alan Tynan.
Pressure on the Trinity lineout led to experienced hooker Slattery breaking through for the opening try, and the Cookies claimed a second when Tynan scored from a chip and chase effort. 12-3 was a flattering lead though, as the hosts had played most of the rugby in the first half.
Munsters were determined to move back into the top four after some of their rivals had gained recent ground on them, but they were rocked by a Tom Ryan try, via a terrific Kyle Dixon offload, and a McDermott penalty soon made it a one-point game - 12-11.
Tynan completed his brace six minutes later, turning a bout of pressure into seven hard-earned points. But it was not enough in the end as Trinity continue to be a bogey team for Munsters - they have now achieved two season's doubles over the Limerick men since gaining promotion in 2016.
McDermott's surefooted place-kicking saw him finish with 11 points, matching his out-half rival Whittle's haul from October's 21-17 win at Tom Clifford Park. Indeed, Whittle, who came on for injured winger Seb Fromm today, came back to haunt the Cookies again with a neatly-finished try which made it two home wins on the trot for Trinity.
DUBLIN UNIVERSITY: Jack Kelly; Evan Dixon, Michael Courtney (capt), Kyle Dixon, Seb Fromm; Jack McDermott, Angus Lloyd; James Bollard, Paddy Finlay, Martin Kelly, Jack Burke, Alex McDonald, Sam Pim, David St Leger, Tom Ryan.
Replacements: Daniel Sheehan, Darragh Higgins, Kevin O'Connor, Rowan Osborne, Tommy Whittle.
YOUNG MUNSTER: Alan Tynan; Conor Hayes, Jack Harrington, Jason Kiely, Evan O'Gorman; Shane Airey, Jack Lyons; Peter Meyer, Ger Slattery, Colm Skehan, Tom Goggin, Alan Kennedy, Diarmaid Dee, Dan Walsh, Ben Kilkenny (capt).
Replacements: Mark O'Mara, Gavin Ryan, Mike Madden, Rob Guerin, Ben Swindlehurst.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE 7 UCD 23, Templeville Road
Scorers - St. Mary's College: Try: Craig Kennedy; Con: Sean Kearns. UCD: Tries: Conall Doherty, Tom Fletcher, Stephen McVeigh; Con: Matthew Gilsenan; Pens: Matthew Gilsenan 2
UCD outscored St. Mary's College by three tries to one in a lively second half to emerge as 23-7 winners of this reschedule top flight fixture at Templeville Road.
The seventh-placed students climbed away from relegation trouble with their first away victory since November, while Mary's may not be able to break out of the bottom two, given they have to face title-chasing opposition in each of the final three rounds.
Two penalties from out-half Matthew Gilsenan had UCD leading 6-0 at half-time, and a strong set of phases in sight of the try-line led to flanker number 8 Stephen McVeigh crossing in the 48th minute.
Mary's were back in contention four minutes later when right winger Craig Kennedy crossed for a try. The seven-pointer owed much to the swift hands of Ireland Under-20 international Conor Dean and a charging run in the build-up by prop Tom O'Reilly, who was fresh from playing for the Ireland Club team in Scotland on Friday night.
However, Mary's could not maintain the momentum and it was UCD who produced the stronger finish, Gilsenan missing a penalty before two late tries from Conall Doherty and replacement Tom Fletcher wrapped up the points.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE: Matthew Timmons; Craig Kennedy, Darren Moroney, Marcus O'Driscoll, Myles Carey; Sean Kearns, Paddy O'Driscoll; Tom O'Reilly, Richard Halpin, Adam Coyle, Ciaran Ruddock (capt), David O'Connor, David Aspil, Ronan Watters, Nick McCarthy.
Replacements: Hugo Kean, Emmet Ferron, Jack Dilger, Robbie Glynn, Conor Dean, Conor Gilsenan.
UCD: Conall Doherty; Tim Carroll, Gavin Mullin, Colm Mulcahy, Steven Kilgallen; Matthew Gilsenan, Jamie Glynn (capt); Rory Mulvihill, Sean McNulty, Liam Hyland, Brian Cawley, Emmet McMahon, Ronan Foley, Alex Penny, Stephen McVeigh.
Replacements: Gordon Frayne, Michael Moynihan, Keelan McKenna, Patrick Patterson, Tom Fletcher.
DIVISION 1B
UL BOHEMIANS 17 BALLYNAHINCH 24, Annacotty
Scorers - UL Bohemians: Tries: Jamie McNamara, Darragh O'Grady; Cons: Robbie Bourke 2; Pen: Robbie Bourke. Ballynahinch: Tries: Conor Kelly, Zac Ward; Con: Richard Reaney; Pens: Richard Reaney 4
Ballynahinch have moved back to the top of Division 1B after triumphing 24-17 over resurgent UL Bohemians in today's rescheduled clash at Annacotty.
Bohs had won their opening four league games of 2018 to climb up to eighth spot, but title-chasing Ballynahinch got the job done late on in Limerick, aided by goal-kicking winger Richard Reaney's 14 points from the tee.
Home winger Jamie McNamara ran in a breakaway try on the quarter hour mark, with UL, who were playing into a strong wind in the first half, only 9-7 behind at the break.
Reaney's fourth successful penalty followed just three minutes into the second period, but the Red Robins began the final quarter with a 14-12 lead after flanker Darragh O'Grady touched down from a concerted spell of pressure.
'Hinch full-back Conor Kelly hit back with a 66th minute try in the left corner, and although Bohs out-half Robbie Bourke turned a scrum penalty into three points to level matters at 17-all, 'Hinch had the final say when Andy Ward's 19-year-old son Zac sprinted over for the match-winning try in injury-time.
UL BOHEMIANS: Colin Ryan; Matt McDonald, Adrian Enright, Mike Mullally, Jamie McNamara; Robbie Bourke, Joe Murray; Joey Conway, Joe Bennett, Mark Bromell, Daragh Frawley (capt), Ed Kelly, James Ryan, Darragh O'Grady, Noel Kinane.
Replacements: Keynan Knox. David O'Connor, Ian Condell, Ian O'Connor, Harry Fleming.
BALLYNAHINCH: Conor Kelly; David Busby, Callum McLaughlin, Will Stewart, Richard Reaney; Ryan Wilson, Aaron Cairns (capt); Campbell Classon, Zack McCall, Jerry Cronin, James Simpson, John Donnan, Jack Regan. Josh Donaldson, Conall Boomer.
Replacements: Clayton Milligan, Jonny Blair, Peter Browne, Zac Ward, Chris Gibson, Paddy Wright.
DIVISION 2A
Cashel 21 Queens University 17, Spafield (played on Saturday)
DIVISION 2B
MU Barnhall 25 Rainey Old Boys 3, Parsonstown (played on Saturday)
Dungannon 11 Navan 21, Stevenson Park
FILE--This undated file photo provided by the Orange County Sheriff's Department shows Blaze Bernstein. A 20-year-old California man charged with the murder of a University of Pennsylvania student is due in court. Samuel Woodward of Newport Beach is scheduled to be arraigned on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Santa Ana. Authorities say Woodward killed 19-year-old sophomore Bernstein and buried his body in a shallow grave at a neighborhood park not far from the Bernstein family home in Lake Forest. Orange County Sheriff's Department via AP, File)
A community nonprofit has begun digitizing hundreds of videos of Japanese-American World War II veterans' stories in a project that hopes to expand access to their experiences for scholars and the public.
The Go For Broke National Education Center (GFBNEC) started the project, which will compile and digitize more than 800 oral histories over 18 months, in part due to an approximately $190,000 grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) announced March 29.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Asian-American WWII Vets' Tales Serve as Reminder of Their Contributions 1:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"Digitizing these interviews... will allow the public to expand our understanding of the role of Japanese-American contributions to the American war effort and hear the stories of what life was like for these brave veterans and their families," Ellen Jones, an NEH spokesperson, told NBC News.
RELATED: New Smithsonian Digital Exhibition Honors Japanese-American WWII Veterans
The videos focus on Japanese-American veterans' experiences in the United States military during World War II as part of the 442nd Regimental Combat Team and Military Intelligence Services (MIS) while their families were imprisoned in U.S. incarceration camps.
"We [hope] to inspire new generations to embody the Nisei veterans' values of courage, sacrifice, humility, and patriotism," Pauline Yoshihashi, a spokesperson for the GFBNEC, told NBC News. "They fought in combat and fought prejudice at home."
Members of the GFBNEC will view more than 1,200 interviews from the Hanashi Oral History Archives in the selection process for the 800 videos. The Hanashi program was started in 1998, and GFBNEC's staff and volunteers recorded the largest compilation of Japanese American veteran interviews to date, according to the organization.
WWII Nisei veterans saluting the flag at the Go For Broke monument in downtown Los Angeles. Go For Broke National Education Center
"This grant from NEH will allow us to preserve these priceless histories of our Nisei veterans, and to better organize and index them so that they can be shared with scholars, researchers, and the public for years to come," Dr. Mitchell T. Maki, GFBNEC's president and CEO, told NBC News. "Their example influences our society today as we discuss important issues such as tolerance, social justice, and equal protection under the law."
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
LIMERICK poet Teri Murray, who sadly passed away this week, will be remembered at a special event in Brendan O'Brien's pub this Wednesday night.
Darragh Roche, the organiser of Limerick's poetry open mic session, has confirmed the event will go ahead as normal this evening in the Roches Street bar, from 8.30pm.
“So many of our regular readers are friends and admirers of Teri, we feel it is appropriate to provide them with this forum at this difficult time. Teri always encouraged local poetry and poets and read her works at many of our poetry meetings,” he said.
He called on everyone who knew Lord Edward Street poet Teri to come and “share their memories and stories of her life, read her many published poems or just celebrate her life and contribution to Limerick's artistic life.”
Teri, whose funeral took place at St Joseph's Church in O'Connell Avenue yesterday, is sadly missed by her loving family, sons, daughters, grandchildren, sister Brenda, large extended family and friends.
For a full obituary and tributes to Teri see the Limerick Leader weekend edition, out this Thursday morning.
I cover the cities of Andover, Blaine and Ramsey. I have worked at ABC Newspapers since August 2007.
The city of Ramsey could be collecting 8.54 percent more revenue from taxpayers in 2018 than it did in 2017.
At its last meeting in September, the Ramsey City Council on a 5-1 vote approved a tax levy of $11.37 million. The 2017 levy was $10.48 million.
Although this number is used to give property owners an estimate of how high their property taxes could be in 2018, the council does not vote on the final number until Dec. 12. But the levy cannot be any higher than $11.37 million already approved, although it can stay the same or be lowered..
City Administrator Kurt Ulrich and Finance Director Diana Lund presented the preliminary budget and levy for next year on Sept. 26. They explained the increase, how the money is divvied up and how many taxes could go increase.
Property values are set each spring for the following year. Values play a big role in how much taxes a property owner pays and any contention of the value must be brought up during the springtime public hearing.
The median home value in Ramsey this year was $176,900. Next year it will be $197,700. This homeowner would have paid $661 to the city of Ramsey in 2017, which increases to $743 in 2018. In addition, they would pay property taxes to Anoka County and the school district.
Lund noted that the Nov. 7 vote on the Anoka-Hennepin School District referendum comes after these property tax estimates are mailed, so they will not factor in what the tax increase would be for an individual property if the referendum passes.
Council Member John LeTourneau said the 8.54 percent levy increase “represents the activity that's appropriate for our community.”
“I don't know if it's necessarily fair or a good way to review our proposal based on what other communities are doing because each community has their own set of expectations and needs that they're meeting,” he said. “I think it's reasonable for the things we need to be doing.”
Why the increase?
Council Member Chris Riley opposes such a large tax increase. He said the Consumer Price Index for inflation and Social Security increases are both slated to increase by less than 2 percent.
Riley said he has been reading ABC Newspapers' stories to keep track of what other cities are doing. He saw that Andover is proposing a 4 percent levy increase, Coon Rapids is looking at a 4.8 percent increase and Spring Lake Park's council approved a 4.67 percent increase.
“None of these numbers indicate why a city should go up 8.54 percent,” he said.
Mayor Sarah Strommen said each has their own needs and pays for services in different ways. She noted that Ramsey has needed to take on more debt to pay for road maintenance projects that were long neglected.
“We have to make sure we're comparing apples to apples and not apples to oranges,” the mayor said.
In her PowerPoint presentation, Lund walked through the significant factors that led to a proposed 8.54 percent levy increase. As it stands, the increase between the 2017 and 2018 levies is $895,337.
Almost $500,000 of the increase is devoted to personnel costs. The proposed wage increase for all employees is 2.5 percent on Jan. 1 and an additional 0.5 percent on July 1. Health insurance costs for the city are going up 7.38 percent.
The council is also supportive to the idea of hiring a full-time senior planner, full-time parks maintenance worker and part-time engineering administrative assistant. A currently part-time IT technician would also become a full-time under the proposed 2018 budget.
The next biggest contributor is more debt. For three consecutive years, the city has done a 10-year bond sale to pay for road projects.
Other items of note for 2018 are the need for a new dump truck that could also plow roads in the winter, new self contained breathing apparatus gear for the firefighters, general election, a city survey and the need to hire some outside help for the engineering and building inspection departments.
The tax impact for individual properties could have been greater had it not been for a citywide market value increase of 10.6 percent. This caused Ramsey's tax capacity rate to decrease.
[email protected]
Some teenage girls from Nigeria had posted a photo with the shocking caption on Facebook.
The girls posted the photo with caption:
“We know we are kids but we take what belongs to elders. No short thing”
Many people in her comment section demand that she delete the post, which she later took it down but the damage had already been done.
FILE - This October, 2017 file photo released by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Force Investigation Team Report shows the kitchenette in the hotel room of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock's 32nd floor room of the Mandalay Bay hotel in Las Vegas, an image released as part of a preliminary report by Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo on Friday, Jan. 19, 2018, in Las Vegas. The name of a man identified in court documents as a person of interest in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was publicly revealed because of a court error. Clark County District Court Judge Elissa Cadish said Tuesday, Jan. 30, 2018, that her staff failed to black out the name in nearly 300 pages of documents released to news organizations including The Associated Press and Las Vegas Review-Journal. Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department via AP, File)
BETHLEHEM, Pa. — Caleb Bennett scored 23 points and grabbed five rebounds and Lehigh edged Boston University 80-75 on Saturday.
Bennett was 8 of 13 from the field including three from distance and hit all four of his free throws for the Mountain Hawks (10-13, 5-7 Patriot). Kahron Ross added 17 points, six rebounds and three assists and Pat Andree chipped in 10 points.
Bennett sank a pair of 3-pointers as part of a 20-6 surge midway through the first half that gave the Mountain Hawks a 32-22 lead with five minutes to go and they were up 40-31 at halftime.
The Terriers (12-11, 8-4) fought back in the second half to take a 75-72 advantage with just under two minutes to play. Bennett and Ross replied with back-to-back jumpers for a 76-75 Lehigh lead with 1:04 left and Boston failed to score the rest of the way.
Tyler Scanlon scored 24 points with four rebounds and five assists for the Terriers.
An inmate on a work-release program was taken back to a Pennsylvania prison after he was caught having sex with a woman inside a car with two children in the back seat, state police said.
Torrey Lee Rudisill, 28, of Gettysburg, and Taylor Leigh Skursky, 26, of Sykesville, Md., were spotted by a passerby having sex inside a black Honda Accord at about 12:30 p.m. Sunday near a movie theater in the parking lot of The Outlet Shoppes at Gettysburg.
Both Rudisill and Skursky were charged with disorderly conduct and Rudisill — who was supposed to be on a work-release program at the time — was taken back to Adams County Prison, according to a Pennsylvania State Police report. Rudisill was serving time for a resisting arrest conviction, officials said.
Officials from the state Bureau of Child and Family Services, a division of the Department of Human Services, were called to the scene to assess the children, according to state police, who referred additional inquiries to the social service agency.
The state police report did not specify the relationship between Rudisill and Skursky, nor their connection to the two children found “in the rear passenger seat” of the car. The ages of the children were not released.
Rachel Kostelac, a spokeswoman for the Department of Human Services, said she was unable to provide an update on the children, including their physical condition and location, due to privacy laws.
Schumer slams Trump for NRA meeting, demands AR-15 ban Sen. Chuck Schumer on Sunday proposed banning assault rifles and expanding background checks and called on President Trump and GOP congressional leaders to back the measures to protect students so...
Trump expects a gun bill to emerge after bipartisan meeting President Trump in a tweet Thursday touted his meeting with a group of bipartisan lawmakers at the White House on gun measures and said he expects a “bill should emerge.”...
Stop dodging tough gun votes Yes, state Senate Democrats are end-running the committee process to push for a floor vote Wednesday on a host of gun-control measures — but it's hard to blame them when...
'It's really gone nowhere': Peter King doubtful gun bill will pass WASHINGTON — The author of bipartisan legislation to expand gun background checks expressed doubt Monday the proposal would even get a vote in the House. Rep. Peter King (R-L.I.) said...
DOJ takes aim at gun buyers who lie on background checks The Justice Department wants to prioritize the prosecutions of potential gun buyers who lie on their federal background check forms, according to a report. Sources with knowledge of the plans...
Attendees at NRA speech split over idea to give teachers guns People attending a conservative conference where the head of the National Rifle Association called for more armed security in the wake of the Parkland high school killings said they would...
Majority of Americans want stricter gun laws: poll A poll conducted after the massacre at a Florida high school shows Americans back stricter guns laws by a 66-31 percent margin, the highest level of support ever recorded by...
Beginning to find sense on gun control It's good to see at least some movement on sensible gun measures in the wake of the Parkland, Fla., horrors — nationally and, we hope, in New York. In Washington,...
GOP inches closer to gun reform WASHINGTON — GOP lawmakers Sunday showed some small movement toward gun control legislation in the wake of the country's most recent deadly mass shooting at a Florida high school. Some...
Great Britain's Evie Richards collapses from exhaustion after winning the women's Under-23 title at the Cyclo-Cross World Championships.
READ MORE: Cyclo-Cross World Championships: Britain's Ben Tulett and Evie Richards win gold
Available to UK users only
Local Veterinarians alert the general public about the risk of pet suffocations by snack bags
Menomonee Falls, WI (PRUnderground) July 3rd, 2018
“It is hard to believe that this is possible –but unfortunately, it is occurring to pets and families, on a regular basis across the country,” said Denise Follett, DVM Brook-Falls Veterinary Hospital & Exotic Care.
“A recent article in the Journal of the American Veterinary Medical Association (JAVMA-Vol 252-No.10-May 15, 2018) brought this problem to our attention and the alarming statistics on how often this is happening,” Dr. Follett noted.
We don't want to see this happen to one of your beloved pets!
Chip bags are irresistible to pets, too. Dogs and cats will put their heads inside of a bag of chips or another snack item, and the bag will tighten when the pet inhales. The pet can suffocate to death in less than 5 minutes.
A survey was done on the Preventative Vet Website between 2014 and 2017 to look at how widespread this problem was. The findings, when reviewed, were chilling for veterinarians and pet owners alike.
That there were 1,354 respondents was remarkable right off! From this survey, 72% of pets suffocated in chip or snack bags with the remainder, as a result of a pet food or treat bag, liners of cereal boxes, bread containers or other plastic containers. Approximately, 25 % of the bags were indicated to have been in or near the garbage, 22% on a coffee or side table, 13% on a countertop, 6% on the kitchen/dining table or had been left outside, 3% in or near a recycle bin. A full 20 % were in scattered locations (i.e. in a bed) and another 5 % in unknown locations. Also very alarming was that 39 % of respondents indicated they were at home at the time the pet suffocated! Suffocation was not just a problem for small pets. In the survey, more than ½ the dogs that suffocated were more than 30 lbs, and 17 percent weighed more than 60 pounds.
How can you prevent this unthinkable accident from claiming the life of your beloved pet? Store food in plastic containers with openings too small for a pet's head, serve snacks in a bowl rather than eating them out of a bag and cut empty bags along the entire top and bottom and down one side before disposal. Alternatively, you can tie bags in a knot before disposal or tear or cut open at least one side or the bottom. Additionally, put trash in tightly covered bins and preferably behind closed doors.
85% of respondents, who had pets suffocate, did not know this was possible! Now you are aware that this can happen and how to prevent this most unthinkable accident from claiming the life of one of your “best friends.”
###
About Brook-Falls Veterinary Hospital & Exotic Care, Inc.
Brook-Falls Veterinary Hospital & Exotic Care, Inc. provides the best care and life possible to both warm and cold-blooded animals. They offer wellness plans, surgery, diagnostics, dental care, laser therapy, and more, to keep pets happy and healthy. Their comprehensive services meet the needs of furry and feathered family members and prevent disease whenever possible. However, if there is a need for more extensive medical care or treatment, Brook-Falls is well equipped and fully prepared.
About Debra Lopez Public Relations
Full-Service Public Relations, Advertising & Digital Agency
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:22 Levine Museum exhibit seeks understanding of protests
0:57 Girls watch Hidden Figures movie
Nigeria to face pressure in livestock production – FAO – The Nation Newspaper
The Nation Newspaper Nigeria to face pressure in livestock production – FAO
The Nation Newspaper
The Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO) said Nigeria would face unprecedented pressure in its livestock production in the next 30 to 40 years. The FAO Country Representative in Nigeria, Mr. Suffyan Koroma, stated this at the onset of the dialogue …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Microsoft Invests $50 Million in AI for Earth Program
Microsoft announced Monday that it would invest $50 million in a program that provides cloud-computing services and other resources to organizations working on climate change and environmental technology.
The Redmond company's AI for Earth program launched in July with $2 million, awarding grants to universities, companies and nongovernmental organizations that gave them free use of Microsoft's artificial-intelligence technology, including Azure cloud services and mapping tools.
Organizations that focus on agriculture, water, biodiversity and climate change are eligible for the grants, which aim to accelerate sustainability research.
"We believe that we need to, with a sense of urgency, address the climate issues for the planet," Microsoft President Brad Smith said. "If you look at the past 200 years, a series of industrial revolutions have radically improved the standards of living for human beings. But it's come at a cost for the planet."
Smith announced the $50 million investment, which is to be awarded over five years, at the One Climate Summit in Paris on Monday, which draws government officials and other leaders from around the world.
Microsoft is one of hundreds of U.S. companies that pledged to remain committed to reducing carbon emissions when President Donald Trump announced the U.S. would pull out of the global Paris Climate Accord. The U.S. is now the only country in the world to reject the pact, after Syria announced last month it would sign the agreement.
Microsoft joined Amazon, Starbucks, Google and others in signing a letter earlier this year in support of the climate agreement and opposing the Trump administration's decision to withdraw.
AI for Earth has supported independent groups as well as those that include Microsoft, such as Project Premonition, which is working on early detection of pathogens that cause diseases. Microsoft partnered with several universities, including the University of Pittsburgh and Johns Hopkins University, to launch that project.
The $50 million investment will be used to provide technology and training to emerging companies, as well as resources to help companies bring products to market.
"The good news is that the world now has vast amounts of digital data about climate-related problems," Smith said. The challenge is that the data is not easy to search and understand, which is where Azure's artificial-intelligence technology comes in.
Microsoft also plans to partner with organizations to help them spin out sustainability products as quickly as possible.
© 2017 Seattle Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Entertainment icon Donny Osmond returned to “Dancing with the Stars” on Monday night for a live singing performance—and then revealed how he will be celebrated his 60th birthday milestone later this year.
After Osmond, who won season 9 of “DWTS,” sang “I'll Make a Man Out of You” for Fifth Harmony singer Normani Kordei's Disney “Mulan” dance, he told FOX411 about marking the milestone.
The star who has been in the public eye since he was a kid, will turn 60 this December 9, and plans to go on a trip “around the world” with his wife of nearly 39 years, Debra.
“We're going to see places we've never gone before and I'm not going to disclose where we're going to be.
“That's the big 60. It's scary. I'm scared,” he admitted.
But the star, who began entertaining with the famed Osmond family and had a TV show with his sister, Marie Osmond, has no reason to fear. He never stops working. He and Marie have done their show in Las Vegas for the past nine years. Osmond's dancing skill won him the “DWTS” mirror ball trophy in 2009 with partner Kym Johnson. And he just released his 60th album, “The Soundtrack of My Life,” before his 60th birthday.
“I've done it all, baby,” he smiled to reporters. “And I thought, where do I want to be for my 60th—do I want a big hoopla? And [I decided] I just want to be with my wife some place where nobody knows me, just the two of us, on an island someplace, maybe….on certain South Pacific islands.”
Family man Osmond said he and Debra can now travel because they are “empty nesters” as their five sons have all left home.
Still, the boys are always in their hearts. “Our youngest son is on a mission for the Mormon Church in Italy and he said, ‘This is going to be hard learning Italian.' And I said, ‘Son, if you have to learn Italian, so will I.' So I'm learning Italian.”
"This administration has put forth an all-out assault on the LGBTQ community," Sen. Cory Booker, Democrat of New Jersey, said of the Trump administration's approach to policies impacting LGBTQ Americans.
In an exclusive video sent to NBC Out, Booker took aim at President Donald Trump for his attempt to ban transgender people from serving in the military and his administration's position on the Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission Supreme Court case.
"This administration has put forth an all-out assault on the LGBTQ community," Senator @CoryBooker said of the Trump administration's approach to policies impacting #LGBTQ Americans. pic.twitter.com/S4hisEzUat — NBC Out (@NBCOUT) December 11, 2017
Booker called Trump's trans military ban, which has been ruled against by two federal judges, "outrageous" and said transgender people in the armed forces are "qualified folks who've already shown a record of service that is incredible, that is worthy of respect."
Despite Trump's attempts to ban them, transgender recruits can enlist starting Jan 1, 2018.
Asked about the Masterpiece Cakeshop case that was argued before the Supreme Court last Tuesday -- in which a Colorado baker claims that his faith should give him a legal exemption from having to follow his state's anti-discrimination civil rights law -- Booker expressed hope that the nation's top court would rule in favor of the gay couple that filed a discrimination complaint in the case.
"There's many of us that are hoping the Supreme Court -- like it did with marriage equality, like it's done in discrimination cases facing African-Americans in the past -- will do the right thing," said Booker, noting that he attended Tuesday's oral arguments.
The Trump administration has backed the baker, Jack Phillips, who refused to bake a wedding cake for a gay couple, David Mullins and Charlie Craig, due to his Christian beliefs.
In this exclusive video, Senator @CoryBooker shares his thoughts on the #MasterpieceCakeshop Supreme Court case, saying "no one should be able to discriminate." pic.twitter.com/8FgkqAiqnr — NBC Out (@NBCOUT) December 11, 2017
Booker spent the weekend in Alabama stumping for U.S. Senate candidate Doug Jones, a Democrat famously facing down Republican Roy Moore, a Trump favorite who has been accused of sexual misconduct and has called for homosexuality to be made illegal. Booker also has ancestral roots in the state, the details of which were revealed in an episode of Henry Louis Gates' PBS series "Finding Your Roots."
"My family has stories about the difficulties of driving across country and finding a place that would let black people use bathrooms, or eat," Booker said. The senator compared his own family's struggles against racism in the South to the issue at the heart of the Masterpiece Bakeshop case -- whether or not a business should be legally allowed to turn customers away because of faith-based discrimination.
"No one should be able to discriminate against folks," Booker said. "At restaurants or businesses, I don't want to see that treatment being done to anyone in this country."
Booker vowed to push for action in Congress if the court rules with the baker and not the same-sex couple whom he refused to sell a wedding cake.
"When one American is under attack, when one American is facing discrimination," Booker said, "we need to understand that's an assault on all Americans."
The White House did not respond to NBC News' request for comment.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
(Curtis Compton/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP). Potesters try to topple a Confederate monument with a chain Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, at Piedmont Park in Atlanta. The peace monument at the 14th Street entrance depicts an angel of peace stilling the ...
(Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail shows James Alex Fields Jr., who was charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he rammed his car into a ...
(AP Photo/David Goldman). A photo of victim Heather Heyer sits beneath a statue depicting a Confederate soldier in Piedmont Park in Atlanta Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, that was vandalized with spray paint from protesters who marched through the city last ...
(AP Photo/David Goldman). A statue depicting a Confederate soldier in Piedmont Park in Atlanta is vandalized with spray paint Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, from protesters who marched through the city last night to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesvi...
(Shelby Lum/Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP). Protesters march on Broad Street late Sunday Aug. 13, 2017, in Richmond, Va. The group marched through the Fan District to the Lee Monument to Jackson Ward. The march was held a day after a white supremacist...
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) - The Latest on violent protests connected to a white nationalist rally in Virginia (all times local):
___
3:05 p.m.
Records from 911 calls show the driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Fields drove his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville. At least two dozen were wounded in addition to the woman killed.
The records the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Records show Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control his temper.
___
3 p.m.
A spokeswoman for a hospital in Virginia says 10 patients treated there after a car ran into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally have been released. Nine others are in good condition.
UVA Health System spokeswoman Angela Taylor gave the update Monday.
Twenty people were taken to UVA Medical Center after the car ran into the crowd Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia. One, Heather Heyer, died. Five were initially in critical condition.
The hospital has said it treated additional patients related to Saturday's events beyond those 20, but that it can't give an exact number.
___
1:30 p.m.
A former classmate of the man accused of plowing his car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally says the suspect once said he went on a school trip to Germany so he could "get to the Fatherland."
Keegan McGrath told The Associated Press on Monday that he was roommates with James Alex Fields Jr. on that trip in 2015.
McGrath says he challenged Fields on his beliefs and went home early because he couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
He says Fields seemed fairly normal before that at their school in Union, Kentucky.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder after authorities say he drove into a crowd in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
A judge said Monday he'll appoint an attorney to represent Fields.
___
10:40 a.m.
A judge has denied bond for an Ohio man accused of plowing his car into a crowd at a white nationalist rally.
Judge Robert Downer said during a bond hearing Monday he would appoint a lawyer for James Alex Fields Jr.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
The rally was held by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race.
___
9:45 a.m.
A group that hosts a ceremony every year to re-dedicate an Atlanta monument depicting a Confederate soldier vows that it will be repaired after protesters spray-painted it and broke a chunk from it.
John Green, past commandant of the Old Guard of the Gate City Guard, said Monday it appears his group must now raise money to repair the 105-year-old statue damaged during a Sunday protest after the deadly weekend violence in Virginia.
City officials haven't commented on any plans for repairs or whether city funds would be used for that.
Green said removing the statue from Piedmont Park, a city park, is not an option.
He said the angel standing over the soldier represents peace, and it was created to help bring the nation back together after the Civil War.
___
7:40 a.m.
A prominent white nationalist website that promoted a Virginia rally that ended in deadly violence Saturday is losing its internet domain host.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated GoDaddy's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race tells the New York Daily News that the Daily Stormer violated its terms of service by labeling a woman killed in an attack at the event in Charlottesville "fat" and "childless." Heather Heyer was killed Saturday when police say a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators protesting the white nationalist rally.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down.
___
7:30 a.m.
Protesters spray-painted and broke a chunk off a statue depicting a Confederate soldier at an Atlanta park after they marched through the city to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that a lone policeman at Piedmont Park on Sunday night was surrounded by black-clad protesters shouting "pig" as demonstrators used chains to try and destroy the Peace Monument.
The statue depicts a winged angel standing over a Confederate soldier.
Video from local news outlets showed red spray paint covering much of the monument following the demonstration.
The Atlanta protest was among several around the nation over the weekend that were organized after a chaotic white supremacist rally in Virginia ended with deadly violence.
___
7:30 a.m.
The German government is condemning the white nationalist rally in Virginia that turned violent Saturday, expressing solidarity with peaceful counter-protesters.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesman Steffen Seibert told reporters Monday that it was an "absolutely repulsive scene at this extreme-right march."
He said "there was outrageous racism, anti-Semitism and hate in its most despicable form to be seen, and whenever it comes to such speech or such images it is repugnant."
He added that it's "completely contrary to what the chancellor and the German government works for politically, and we are in solidarity with those who stand peacefully against such aggressive extreme-right opinions."
Seibert says Merkel also regrets the death of a counter-protester and sent her sympathies to those injured.
___
3 a.m.
An Ohio man accused of plowing his car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia is set to make his first court appearance.
Col. Martin Kumer, superintendent at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail, says 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. has a bond hearing Monday morning.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday. Jail officials told The Associated Press they don't know if he's obtained an attorney.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MIDDLESBROUGH 0-0 LEICESTER
Gaston Ramirez lashed a late chance wide to serve up a timely reminder of Middlesbrough's need for attacking reinforcements in an eminently forgettable goalless draw with Leicester at the Riverside Stadium.
The Uruguayan steered his half-volley wide from eight yards to sum up a frustrating afternoon for the hosts and give Boro boss Aitor Karanka plenty of reason to seek to finalise a deal for Aston Villa's £6million-rated Rudy Gestede.
It emerged on Monday that Villa has accepted a fee for the Benin striker and on this evidence any additional goalscoring threat will be welcomed with open arms on Teesside after a dour point which does little to ease Boro's lingering relegation concerns.
Shorn of injured pair Islam Slimani and Danny Drinkwater, as well as the suspended Jamie Vardy, Foxes boss Claudio Ranieri had cause to be happier with a point but will also rue missed opportunities from the likes of Leonardo Ulloa and Christian Fuchs.
Boro made five changes from Saturday's unfortunate defeat at Old Trafford but their new-look line-up seemed ill-equipped in a first period littered with errors from both sides, with the often dependable Ramirez the main culprit.
Boro full-back Fabio was arguably the best player on the pitch and he could have expected more when he threaded Ramirez free in the early stages, only for the Uruguayan to waste his chance due to appalling control.
Fuchs miscued a couple of early chances for the visitors while referee Robert Madley did not endear himself to the home fans by waving away penalty claims after Adama Traore fell under the challenge of Robert Huth.
Marten de Roon and Alvaro Negredo also came close for the home side but Boro were guilty of dismal distribution and almost paid for it on 40 minutes when Riyad Mahrez was only denied by Fabio's timely interception.
George Friend, on for the injured Antonio Barragan midway through the first half, hit the first chance of the second period straight at Kasper Schmeichel, but Leicester came closer on 56 minutes when Andy King came inches from connecting with a Mahrez cross in front of goal.
Boro's mounting frustration was underlined just past the hour mark when Friend, who alongside Fabio was providing his side with some real width, fired a low cross from the left which eluded both Negredo and the equally ineffective Ramirez in front of goal before being booted clear by Fuchs.
Ulloa headed a corner from Fuchs into the arms of Boro goalkeeper Brad Guzan then Ramirez spurned his golden chance to claim three priceless points for his side when he controlled Fabio's deflected cross only to whack it the wrong side of Schmeichel's left-hand post.
King almost caught out Guzan with a close-range header in the last minute of injury time but in truth neither side deserved to take the points from a game that offered little evidence that either of these clubs face anything other than a few uncomfortable months ahead.
Sports News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: sportsobama.com
2017-08-14
Afriyie Acquah
Ghanaian midfielder Afriyie Acquah's reported move to Birmingham City could hit a snag due to unresolved issues regarding the agent fees.
Though the player has agreed personal terms with Championship side ahead of the proposed €8m move, the Blues are yet to agree on the agency fee, which could see the deal fall through.
With less than three weeks of the transfer window remaining, Birmingham City's manager Harry Redknapp is still doing all he can to improve his squad by acquiring Acquah.
Coach Harry Redknapp has turned to the Ghanaian just one week after Emmanuel Agyemang Badu snubbed his offer to move to Bursaspor in Turkey.
But SportsObama.com sources have revealed that Birmingham's chase could end today if Acquah's agents are unable to resolve the percentage of transfer fee to be realized from the sale.
Acquah has been linked with a move away from the Grenades in the ongoing summer transfer window following a stellar performance in the Italian Serie A last term.
The Championship side tabled the offer late on Tuesday night as they seek grab the experienced player to shore up their midfield and prevent clubs in the Serie A from signing him.
One of New York's finest canines is at home recovering after he was injured on the job Friday, police said.
Timoshenko, a German Shepherd for the New York Police Department Special Ops team, fell through a ceiling inside while searching a house for firearms, police said.
NYPD Special Ops
Last night / search warrant #K9 "Timoshenko" recovered these guns but also fell thru a ceiling. 7 stitches & he's recovering @ home #GoodBoy pic.twitter.com/KoE2ZPBgvE — NYPD Special Ops (@NYPDSpecialops) August 12, 2017
NYPD said the dog needed seven stitches for the injuries he sustained but assured the public that Timoshenko would be just fine.
NYPD Special Ops
During the operation, the dog helped officials recover nearly 10 guns and multiple rounds of ammunition, police said.
Wales fly-half Dan Biggar tells Clwb Rygbi's Catrin Heledd that he expects to make his Six Nations return for the Ireland or Italy matches.
Wales began their Six Nations campaign with a comprehensive 34-7 victory over Scotland at the Principality Stadium and face England on 10 February.
Wales travel to play Ireland on 24 February before hosting Italy on 11 March.
13 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps and live wallpapers from the last two weeks including Google Podcasts, Adobe Spark Post, and IGTV (6/10/18 - 6/23/18)
FILE - In this June 6, 2015, file photo, heavy machines move imported iron ore at the dock in Rizhao in eastern China's Shandong province. China announced Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, it will cut off imports of North Korean coal, iron ore and other goods in three weeks under U.N. sanctions imposed over the North's nuclear and missile programs. Chinatopix via AP, File)
Scenes of spring have added color and charm to southwest China's Guizhou Province. Mountains of white, pink and red azaleas are in full bloom in the Baili Azalea Scenic Spot in Guizhou Province, the world's largest azalea forest. #China #Guizhou #Spring #Flower #Nature #Bloom #beauty #Azalea
A post shared by CGTN (@cgtn) on Mar 17, 2018 at 7:25pm PDT
Image copyright Getty Images
Unemployment is at record lows: employment is at record highs. So all's well? Not according to figures published this week.
Growth continues to struggle into positive territory, according to Scottish government statisticians.
The figure for April to June was published on Wednesday, showing growth of only 0.1%. That's right: the least growth we could have.
Construction was particularly weak. And despite manufacturing being helped by the weakness of sterling, it was also into negative territory.
The figure for the first quarter of the year, January to March, was downgraded to 0.6%.
It's been noted before that that looks a bit odd, given what else we saw in the economy at that time, given that it was largely driven by three industries, and given that it's out of whack with two-and-a-half years of other growth figures.
Image copyright Getty Images
Economist John McLaren has separated out the figures so that they are directly comparable with the UK ones.
He reckons Scottish growth has been roughly a third that of the UK over the past 30 months - 1.2% to the UK's 4.5%. That ratio is true of the most recent quarter, and of the past year.
From those at the Fraser of Allander Institute comes a reminder (this can't be said often enough) that if growth is consistently lower than the rest of the UK, then income tax revenue can also be expected to be lower than Holyrood might have expected from the previous block grant formula.
In other words, devolution of income tax power will leave a funding gap, compared with where Holyrood might have been without those devolved powers.
Ministers may look on the bright side with these figures. But for their budget forecasts, they now have to look to the independent Scottish Fiscal Commission to set the revenue expectations for them.
Hunkering down
These growth figures will not translate into comfortable reading for Finance Secretary Derek Mackay.
So those who hoped the original 0.8% estimate for the first quarter was a sign of a rosy new 2016 are now hunkering down for tougher times, as other indicators have shown things looking a lot less positive.
Brexit is taking a toll on confidence, as if businesses needed another reason for holding back on investment.
The consumer debt binge that has kept us going through many of the bad months in recent years may be running out of road. Real earnings are being squeezed by inflation.
And as household budgets are squeezed, even those attractive financing deals on cars are failing to keep momentum behind sales. The September figures for UK new car registrations were down 9.3%. In Scotland they were down 8%, to below 40,000.
September matters a lot to car dealers, because that's one of two months when buyers are attracted by new plates. Over the year so far, Scots registrations are down 5%, and UK ones by 3%.
Low target
The productivity figures, issued on Friday, are not broken down by parts of the UK. But there's no reason to think Scotland is faring any better than the rest of the Kingdom.
It was consistently faring worse, but the most recent Scottish productivity figures, covering 2015, were warmly welcomed for catching up with the UK level of productivity.
That may be an achievement, but it's not much of a target to have hit. UK productivity looks dire, and it's been going backwards. Also, the Scottish boost in 2015 followed four very weak years.
Image copyright Getty Images
Productivity is the vital driver of improved prosperity. If we're not producing more per hour worked, we're not earning a real terms pay rise. While productivity stalls, pay rises are making us less competitive. On average.
Why this productivity problem? Well, that's been puzzling economists, just as it's been puzzling governments.
Here are some of the reasons being offered:
Those low unemployment/high employment figures look good, except they mean that people are being employed where firms might otherwise be deploying more advanced, more productive equipment and processes. In countries which have higher productivity - and that includes most of western Europe, by a wide margin - it can be more expensive to hire and fire. Therefore investment in new plant is more attractive than taking on new staff. By no coincidence, those countries have higher unemployment rates.
The British economy excels at doing less productive work, where it can be hard to drive gains. In fractured supply chains, the bits that Britain contributes tend not to be the productive ones, according to Prof Nigel Driffield of Warwick Business School. That goes for parts of the service sector. Making coffee may be skilled, but it's hard to make it more productively. Brits are big on online shopping. And while much of that process is highly efficient, it is hard to drive more productivity out of the gig economy drivers and cyclists who do the door-to-door delivery.
Prof Driffield also talks of a "productivity spiral": firms need to invest in more productive technology, but need productivity improvements in order to access that new investment. "The speed at which certain technologies are advancing is exacerbating the problem," he says.
Could it have something to do with skills? Even where there is investment in skills, and even where they are the right ones, are they being deployed well by effective management?
Image copyright Getty Images
There are various ways out of poor productivity. They start with investment in skills and equipment, along with their effective deployment. They continue with better infrastructure, in transport and telecoms.
Being open to trade is a valuable driver of productivity as well. It forces firms to be competitive with the best.
So pulling out of a single market, in which others are more productive, can mean reduced competitive pressure on firms to improve their processes.
Being less attractive to inward investors is also a means of slowing up the adoption of new ideas for greater efficiency, which are known to be imported when global companies set up shop.
The Brexoptimists (a term I just invented) see the shift to new trading relationships with the world beyond the European Union as the route to a more successful economy. Possibly. And eventually.
A Rock Springs man was arrested on Saturday after allegedly stabbing another man during an altercation.
Mario Moreno, 56 of Rock Springs, was arrested in the early morning hours on Saturday for one count of Aggravated Assault, according to a press release from the Rock Springs Police Department.
The RSPD was called to 414 F Street for the report of a stabbing, and an investigation found that Moreno and 32-year-old Wesley Carter, also of Rock Springs, were involved in a verbal disbute which escalated. Moreno allegedly stabbed Carter in the chest one time.
Carter was treated for his injuries at Memorial Hospital of Sweetwater County.
Moreno was transported to the Sweetwater County Detention Center. The investigation is ongoing.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – As the clock struck twelve on New Year's Eve, Anthony Recktenwald was jolted out of his sleep by the sound of gunshots.
“As loud as it was, it almost must have been rifle shots or something you know,” Recktenwald said.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM-
+ Toddler hit by stray bullet on New Years Eve identified by family
+ Dog rescued hours after fire, was believed to be dead
+ Neighbors near Taylor Berry Neighborhood battle blighted properties
The bangs could be heard throughout the city, even before midnight. Stray bullets were sent into the air. One of them hit a two-year-old boy outside the Recktenwald's home on Griffths Avenue.
“I'm just sorry to hear about it,” Recktenwald said. “I've got a bunch of great grandchildren myself in that same age range you know. They were all here at Christmas.”
The two-year-old and his family were visiting the area. In a Facebook post, the toddler's father said his son was struck in the shoulder by the bullet as he was being buckled into a car seat.
“What goes up must come down and a bullet is not something that's going to be nice to people,” Tom Knoblaugh said.
Knoblaugh lives around the corner from the crime scene.
“I like guns, I shot guns, I had fun doing it,” Knoblaugh said. “One of the things that the two gentlemen that taught me how to handle guns said is, ‘Tom you are responsible for where that bullet winds up.' I never forgot that.”
Watch Jobina Fortson's report here.
It is illegal to fire a gun into the air. According to the CDC, the majority of injuries associated with the crime are to the feet, shoulders and head, which can result in death.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Image copyright @dover-seagull Image caption Traffic queues at the port of Dover in 2016
Exam results are out next week and there is a decidedly back-to-school feel about the papers the government is publishing this week on Brexit.
Theresa May is back from her holidays and the cabinet is keen to show that it has been hard at work in her absence, not fighting with each other at all.
I will leave it to my political colleagues to assess the substance and significance of Liam Fox and Phillip Hammond shaking hands in front of the whole class, and confine my efforts to marking their Brexit homework.
The first paper they have submitted is on the customs union. This is a special club for EU members that allows them to move goods in and out of each other's countries without having to show special ID or empty their pockets (or trucks) at the door.
Containers roll on and roll off at both ends with zero hassle.
Many businesses and port authorities are worried that leaving the club will mean people are stopped at the border and that these delays will cause long backlogs, interrupt supply chains, increase costs and deter trade.
As the head of the port of Dover has put it: "If we don't get this right, we could face Operation Stack every day in perpetuity."
The answers to these customs questions are therefore important.
Are we leaving the customs union?
Yes and no.
The government document is very clear that the UK will leave the customs union at the end of March 2019. The UK will then seek to agree an "interim period".
So what will that look like? There is a big clue in today's paper.
The government is promising that businesses will only have to adjust once to our eventual customs relationship with the EU.
Image copyright PA Image caption Lorries pack the M20 motorway in Kent during Operation Stack in 2015
That must mean that the day after we leave the EU, and enter the interim period, there will be no change.
So we are out of the customs union, but everything will pretty much stay the same until the interim period is over.
The only difference is that because we are technically out of the customs union, we will be able to negotiate our own trade deals with non-EU countries, while enjoying the benefits of frictionless trade we have now.
This approach will look to many like the "having our cake and eating it" that Boris Johnson was so keen on - and EU officials weren't.
How long will this interim period last?
The cabinet now seems united that this interim period is finite.
The time limit appears to be the next election in 2022.
So what happens then? There are two answers.
First answer: a brand new "streamlined" customs border with the EU.
Some combination of technology, negotiation, unilateral rule changes would make for a whizzy low-friction border.
Many will say that even if this new system works, it will find it hard to beat what we have now.
Others will say that a tiny bit of extra work at the border is a price worth paying for freedom to cut new trade deals.
Second answer: a new partnership based on a "shared approach" that would remove the need for a customs border altogether.
That option has most experts scratching their heads.
Whatever it is, it does not exist between the EU and anyone else right now (with the possible exception in a limited way of Turkey), and so is hard to analyse.
Show of unity
Overall, what we learn from this document is that the government wants to leave the customs union, while leaving border arrangements identical for up to five years from now.
After March 2019, it hopes to negotiate new trade deals, and there is nothing in reality to stop Liam Fox warming relations with prospective partners right now.
What is still hard to see is how substantive those negotiations with third parties can really be when we, and they, still have no idea what our future relationship will be with the EU.
The government is clearly trying to show the UK and the EU that it is getting its act together with these papers and I'm told this show of unity and effort will be welcomed by business.
But it's worth remembering Liam Fox has always been clear that, in his mind at least, an interim agreement means a period of time to adjust from A to B - where B is known and understood by both parties. It is NOT an extra three years to figure out where B might be.
The time available to define B - namely, the wider issues such as the financial settlement, trade, tariffs, immigration and rights of EU citizens in the UK and vice versa - continues to tick down.
Cyprus Police Department has made an announcement regarding the latest reports that have come to light about the couple murder case in Strovolos.
More specifically, it has been outlined that “the Police aim at delivering the capability to conduct professional investigations at all levels, always with respect to current legislation and investigative procedures.”
Furthermore, the Police stated that the investigation procedures are carried out extremely carefully and professionally, despite receiving negative feedback.
Read More: Updates on the murder of the couple in Strovolos
Video
Torrential rain has been forecast for Wales, prompting the Met Office to issue a yellow warning.
As well as the rain, lightning, hail and strong winds are also predicted.
The weather warning covers most of Wales and is in place between 11:00 and 23:59 BST on Thursday.
BBC weather presenter Behnaz Akhgar said: "Some of the showers could be heavy and thundery with the potential for localised flooding."
Image copyright Thinkstock
NHS Wales is spending millions on short-term fixes to waiting lists instead of addressing the shortage of specialist doctors, according to the British Medical Association.
Latest figures show health boards spent £29m in 2017-18 on consultant overtime and private providers - nearly double the £15.7m paid out in 2014-2015.
In August the Welsh Government set aside £50m to reduce waiting lists.
It also said the number of consultants employed is at a "record high".
Health boards pay consultants for overtime specifically to reduce waiting lists and figures obtained by BBC Radio Wales under the Freedom of information Act shows this cost NHS Wales a total £11.5m in 2017-2018, up from £8.7m in 2014-2015.
Boards also paid £17.5m to private sector providers to help clear waiting lists, up from £7m four years ago.
Dr Pickersgill, a neurologist at the University Hospital Wales in Cardiff, who represents consultants on the BMA Wales board, said this "short-termism" was an expensive way to clear backlogs, and that "sensible budgeting" was needed so that more permanent consultant doctors and surgeons could be recruited.
'Reactive approach'
Dr Paul Worthington, a research associate from Cardiff University's Wales Centre for Public Policy, said the Welsh Government's strategy may actually be encouraging a reactive approach.
"They are just using the money to fill a gap," he said. "A significant chunk is going straight to the private sector. That may hinder long-term consultant recruitment."
He pointed to orthopaedics, where one-off payments from the Welsh Government may be speeding-up times to get surgery for things like knee, hip or back problems. But the boards getting the money, he said, may not be doing enough to develop teams of physiotherapists and specialist nurses who can reduce the need for surgery.
Clare Jenkins, joint chief executive of the patient watchdog Community Health Council, agreed with extra spending in the short-term, but said it is not an ideal solution for patients either.
"Nothing beats having the proper workforce in place to enable people to be seen in a timely way and also to have consistency through their care pathway," she said.
"You want to see the same consultant before your operation, who does your operation and afterwards because it gives individuals that sense of security."
Image caption Vaughan Gething said he made "no apologies" for helping people on waiting lists
In March the Welsh Government unveiled its planned care strategy, which includes a key aim of cutting "referral to treatment waiting times through actively managing capacity and demand".
In August 2017, a £50m fund was set up to for health boards to reduce waits for pre-arranged surgery, diagnostics and specialist therapies, subject to targets.
The Welsh Government said since then the number of people waiting over 36 weeks has reduced by over 10,000 to the "best position since March 2014".
It said monthly waiting times for therapy are at a seven-year low and diagnostic waiting times are at their lowest level since 2009, and that the number of hospital consultants has increased since 2016 by 97 to a "record high" of 2,466 - a rise of 4.1%.
The health secretary Vaughan Gething said he "made no apologies" for spending that helps people who are in pain.
"We are spending money in a way that I do not think is right on a long-term basis," he said.
"But you can't simply say to people you just need to wait for longer because we've got to address the long-term challenges."
BEIRUT: Russian-backed Syrian regime forces on Friday broke into the eastern town of Mayadeen, one of the Daesh group's last bastions in the country, a monitor said.
“With support from Russian aviation, regime forces entered Mayadeen and took control of several buildings in the west of the town” in the eastern province of Deir Ezzor, Rami Abdel Rahman, head of the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, told AFP.
Hours before that, Russian air strikes killed 14 people fleeing across the Euphrates river on rafts in Mahadeen, the monitor said.
“They were crossing the river on makeshift rafts in a village south of Mayadeen,” Abdel Rahman said, adding that three children were among those killed overnight.
Russia has in recent days intensified its air raids in support of Syrian regime forces battling jihadists across the country.
Abdel Rahman said the civilians were fleeing the village of Mahkan, south of Mayadeen, which lies about 420 kilometers (260 miles) east of Damascus and is one of the Daesh group's main remaining bastions.
Mayadeen has been under Daesh control since 2014, when the group swept across swathes of Iraq and Syria and proclaimed a “caliphate,” but regime forces have tightened the noose around the town.
The state news agency SANA said government forces advancing from desert areas northwest of Mayadeen had moved to within five kilometers (three miles) of the town.
In Deir Ezzor province, Daesh still controls Mayadeen, eastern neighborhoods of the city of Deir Ezzor further up the Euphrates Valley, the town of Albu Kamal downstream on the Iraqi border, and several other smaller towns.
Moscow has been carrying out relentless air strikes in support of its ally Damascus targeting both IS in Deir Ezzor province and rival jihadists led by Al-Qaeda's former Syria affiliate in Idlib province in the northwest.
The Daesh group, which once controlled a territory roughly the size of Britain, has seen its “caliphate” shrink steadily over the past two years and has lost all but a few of its main hubs in both Iraq and Syria.
A Kurdish-led alliance is currently fighting Daesh in Raqqa, the group's biggest bastion since the recapture by Iraqi forces of Mosul in July.
The city, further up the Euphrates, was the de facto Syrian capital of Daesh's now collapsing “state.”
On Wednesday, a Russian air strike killed 38 civilians trying to flee the fighting in Deir Ezzor province, according to the Observatory.
The Observatory relies on a network of sources inside Syria, and says it determines whose planes carry out raids according to type, location, flight patterns and munitions used.
The group has reported hundreds of civilians killed in operations against Daesh in Deir Ezzor and neighboring Raqqa province. On Tuesday, it said a US-led coalition strike in Raqqa killed at least 18 civilians.
Russia has not acknowledged any civilian deaths from its strikes since it intervened in Syria in 2015, and dismisses the Observatory's reporting as biased.
On Thursday, the Red Cross said Syria was experiencing its worst levels of violence since the battle for second city Aleppo late last year.
“For the past two weeks, we have seen an increasingly worrying spike in military operations that correlates with high levels of civilian casualties,” Marianne Gasser, the head of the International Committee of the Red Cross delegation in Syria, said.
BEIRUT: Russian-backed Syrian regime forces on Friday broke into the eastern town of Mayadeen, one of the Daesh group's last bastions in the country, a monitor said.
“With support from Russian aviation, regime forces entered Mayadeen and took control of several buildings in the west of the town” in the eastern province of Deir Ezzor, Rami Abdel Rahman, head of the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, told AFP.
Hours before that, Russian air strikes killed 14 people fleeing across the Euphrates river on rafts in Mahadeen, the monitor said.
“They were crossing the river on makeshift rafts in a village south of Mayadeen,” Abdel Rahman said, adding that three children were among those killed overnight.
Russia has in recent days intensified its air raids in support of Syrian regime forces battling jihadists across the country.
Abdel Rahman said the civilians were fleeing the village of Mahkan, south of Mayadeen, which lies about 420 kilometers (260 miles) east of Damascus and is one of the Daesh group's main remaining bastions.
Mayadeen has been under Daesh control since 2014, when the group swept across swathes of Iraq and Syria and proclaimed a “caliphate,” but regime forces have tightened the noose around the town.
The state news agency SANA said government forces advancing from desert areas northwest of Mayadeen had moved to within five kilometers (three miles) of the town.
In Deir Ezzor province, Daesh still controls Mayadeen, eastern neighborhoods of the city of Deir Ezzor further up the Euphrates Valley, the town of Albu Kamal downstream on the Iraqi border, and several other smaller towns.
Moscow has been carrying out relentless air strikes in support of its ally Damascus targeting both IS in Deir Ezzor province and rival jihadists led by Al-Qaeda's former Syria affiliate in Idlib province in the northwest.
The Daesh group, which once controlled a territory roughly the size of Britain, has seen its “caliphate” shrink steadily over the past two years and has lost all but a few of its main hubs in both Iraq and Syria.
A Kurdish-led alliance is currently fighting Daesh in Raqqa, the group's biggest bastion since the recapture by Iraqi forces of Mosul in July.
The city, further up the Euphrates, was the de facto Syrian capital of Daesh's now collapsing “state.”
On Wednesday, a Russian air strike killed 38 civilians trying to flee the fighting in Deir Ezzor province, according to the Observatory.
The Observatory relies on a network of sources inside Syria, and says it determines whose planes carry out raids according to type, location, flight patterns and munitions used.
The group has reported hundreds of civilians killed in operations against Daesh in Deir Ezzor and neighboring Raqqa province. On Tuesday, it said a US-led coalition strike in Raqqa killed at least 18 civilians.
Russia has not acknowledged any civilian deaths from its strikes since it intervened in Syria in 2015, and dismisses the Observatory's reporting as biased.
On Thursday, the Red Cross said Syria was experiencing its worst levels of violence since the battle for second city Aleppo late last year.
“For the past two weeks, we have seen an increasingly worrying spike in military operations that correlates with high levels of civilian casualties,” Marianne Gasser, the head of the International Committee of the Red Cross delegation in Syria, said.
TORONTO -
Ontario's fiscal watchdog says the Liberal government will run a deficit this fiscal year, despite claims it has balanced the budget.
In a new report Monday, the Financial Accountability Office said the Liberals will run a $4 billion deficit in 2017-2018, and will continue to be in the red over the next few years.
More moderate growth in revenues and the increasing fiscal impact of the province's Fair Hydro Plan, which cuts electricity rates by 25 per cent, will take their toll on Ontario's books the report notes. It also says a long-simmering accounting dispute between the Liberal government and Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk over how to count two public sector pension plans on the ledger is contributing to uncertainty.
“We've been very consistent that because of a number of factors we think the deficit will re-emerge,” said FAO chief economist David West. “Now, with this accounting debate it will become more significant.”
The Liberals presented a balanced budget in the spring, a year ahead of the provincial election, and have promised to keep the books in balance through the next couple of years.The FAO, however, projects the government's budget deficit will grow to $9.8 billion in 2021-2022.
“The government is out borrowing this money,” West said. “This current year they're going to borrow $23 billion in the markets. That's going to rise to $45 billion in the coming years.”
The FAO also said the government's new hydro plan will add $3.2 billion to the budget deficit by 2021-2022.
Last year Lysyk questioned the province's decision to include a pair of public pensions — the Ontario Public Service Employee's Union Pension Plan and the Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan — as assets on its balance sheet.
The FAO said in its report that since the government has not adopted the auditor's recommended accounting for both the pension assets, and with the addition of the Fair Hydro Plan, it is becoming more difficult for legislators and the public to assess the government's fiscal projections.
Bids were opened for the Tyler Shop at the June 6 Commissioners meeting.
By Tammy Mathison
hendrickspioneer@gmail.com
Bids were opened for the new Lincoln County Highway Depart­ment maintenance building, which will be located in Tyler, during the Tuesday, June 6 meet­ing of the Lincoln County Board of Commissioners.
Bidders were requested to submit bids on four alternatives. The first, listed as Alt 1A, was on a 50×60-foot engineered build­ing with fiberglass insulation; the second, listed as Alt 1B, was on a 50×60-foot engineered building with closed cell spray foam insu­lation; the third, listed as Alt 2A, was for a 50×70-foot engineered building with fiberglass insula­tion; and the fourth, listed as Alt 2B, was for a 50×70-foot engi­neered building with closed cell spray foam insulation.
For the full story, read this week's Lake Benton Valley Journal.
Economy Secretary Ken Skates has confirmed he will not run for the Welsh Labour leadership.
Mr Skates confirmed he will support frontrunner Mark Drakeford - saying he should be at the helm during Brexit.
Previously tipped as a potential leader, Clwyd South AM Mr Skates said he had considered entering the race.
But he added: "You can't just be the right person. You've got to be the right person at the right moment in time."
Mr Skates made the announcement jointly with Rural Affairs Secretary Lesley Griffiths, who is also backing Mr Drakeford.
It consolidates the finance secretary's position as the candidate with the strongest support among Labour AMs.
Twelve have declared for him - including Jayne Bryant who also announced her support on Wednesday - compared to four for Health Secretary Vaughan Gething.
Image caption Ken Skates has backed Mark Drakeford for the Welsh Labour leadership
So far no AMs have come out for rivals Huw Irranca-Davies and Eluned Morgan, who have also said they want to stand.
Candidates need nominations from five other AMs to get on the ballot paper.
Mr Skates said he had not cut a deal with Mr Drakeford, but they had talked about the policies he would pursue as leader.
"I certainly wouldn't rule myself out in a future contest," Mr Skates told BBC Wales.
"I did consider going for it and people have speculated on many occasions about whom the next first minister, who the next Welsh Labour leader, might be.
"My name has often been mentioned.
"It's very flattering, but at the end of the day, this isn't about ego, it can't be about vanity.
"This is about the interests of the country and making sure that the best person for this moment in time is elected to be first minister."
Mr Drakeford, who has played a leading role in the Welsh Government's response to Brexit, has suggested he would serve around five years as first minister, saying he would stand down as leader some time during the next assembly term.
Image caption Lesley Griffiths said she was happy to offer Mark Drakeford her full support in the contest
In a statement, Mrs Griffiths said she wanted a leader "who understands the need to address the growing sense of divide between the north and the south" of Wales.
"In looking for someone with all of the qualities I have outlined, I could only conclude that Mark Drakeford is that person and I am very happy to offer him my full support the forthcoming leadership election," she said.
Carwyn Jones will hand over the reins in December after nine years in the job.
Before that, Welsh Labour must sort out a dispute over the rules for the election.
A special conference in September will decide whether to stick to the party's electoral college.
It follows calls from within the party, including by Mr Drakeford, to adopt one-member-one-vote elections.
Ticket Down is a reputable source of cheap presale tickets for Gorillaz 2017 "Humanz" tour. Add promo code CONCERT for added savings on lawn seats, floor seats and more.
New York, NY (PRUnderground) April 17th, 2017
The Gorillaz have announced a blockbuster tour which will occur after the release of their upcoming album Humanz which is scheduled to be released on April 28th. This dynamic duo is comprised of Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett. Their 2017 “Humanz” tour will begin on July 8th at the Huntington Bank Pavilion at Northerly Island in Chicago and culminate on October 15th at Miami, FL @ III Points Festival.
This is their first North America tour in seven years and some of the cities they will visit include Boston, Philadelphia, Quebec, Detroit, Minneapolis and Kansas City. They will also be appearing at several festivals including the Meadows Music & Arts Festival in San Francisco, Outside Lands Music & Arts Festival in New York and the III Points Festival in Miami, Florida. This iconic band will also be performing in Las Vegas at Life is Beautiful.
The Gorillaz recently released four new tracks “Saturnz Barz,” “Andromeda,” “Ascension” and “We Got the Power.” These new songs were received well by their longtime diehard fans. Additionally, the Gorillaz released a video for “Saturnz Barz” last month which hit a record for the most successful debut of a virtual reality music video in YouTube history.
Gorillaz Humanz 2017 Tour Dates:
July 8 – Chicago, IL @ Huntington Bank Pavilion at Northerly Island
July 10 – Toronto, ON @ Air Canada Centre
July 12 – Boston, MA @ Blue Hills Bank Pavilion
July 13 – Philadelphia, PA @ Festival Pier at Penn's Landing
July 15 – Quebec City, QC @ Quebec City Summer Festival
July 17 – Washington, DC @ Merriweather Post Pavilion
Aug. 11-13 – San Francisco, CA @ Outside Lands Music & Arts Festival
Sept. 15-17 – New York, NY @ Meadows Music & Arts Festival
Sept. 18 – Detroit, MI @ Fox Theatre
Sept. 20 – Minneapolis, MN @ Roy Wilkins Auditorium
Sept. 22 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
Sept. 24 – Las Vegas, NV @ Life Is Beautiful
Sept. 26 – Denver, CO @ Red Rocks Amphitheatre
Sept. 30 – Seattle, WA @ KeyArena at Seattle Center
Oct. 5 – Los Angeles, CA @ The Forum
Oct. 11 – Atlanta, GA @ Infinite Energy Center
Oct. 13-15 – Miami, FL @ III Points Festival
About TicketDown.com:
Ticket Down delivers tickets to sold out concerts and events worldwide when no one else can, and they do so at discounted prices. This popular ticket site also has Gorillaz tickets for all 2017 tour dates. Find great pricing on Gorillaz lawn seats seats, pit seats, front row seats, general admission (GA) and more. Add promo/coupon code GORILLAZ2017 for added savings.
Note: Ticket Down is not associated with any music artists or venues mentioned in this release. The names that are used in this release are purely for descriptive purposes. We are not affiliated with nor do we endorse any musical artists or venues in this release. TicketDown.com and JP Media, LLC are not responsible for any errors or omissions in this release.
Check out our discount codes online for all upcoming events. Ticket Down has low overheads which allow this well-known ticket site to keep prices competitive.
About JP Media, LLC
How long have time loops been part of our culture? Three millennia ago, the Greeks had tales of Prometheus, whose liver (thought to be the seat of emotion) was eaten every day by an eagle, only to regrow and be eaten again. Or think of Sisyphus, rolling the same boulder up the same hill, over and over. On the other side of the world, the Mayan calendar imagined time as a series of repeating cycles, some of them thousands of years long.
Most modern tales of time-loopery can be traced back to 12:01 P.M., a short story by Richard A. Lupoff, published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in December, 1973. In it, a New York executive relives the noon hour over and over, eventually learning that a physicist has predicted just such a “disfiguration of time,” and that he is now caught in it. It was made into an Oscar-nominated short film in 1990, and a rather less impressive 1993 TV movie, called simply 12:01.
That was the same year that Groundhog Day was released. The miffed makers of 12:01 considered a lawsuit but eventually gave up. An Italian remake, titled Stork Day, was released in 2004.
Of course, nothing about repeating strands of time is simple. Decades before 12:01 P.M., a magazine called Unknown carried a story by Malcolm Jameson, “Doubled and Redoubled,” in which a man's “perfect day” keeps repeating, becoming less rapturous each time.
And 60 years before Groundhog Day there was Turn Back the Clock, a 1933 film starring Lee Tracy as Joe Gimlet, who finds himself transported back in time 20 years, able to live out his life with knowledge of the future.
It's notable for some weird, anachronistic humour; remember when Marty McFly tries to order a Tab or a Pepsi Free in the '50s and no one knows what he's talking about? Well, when Joe shows up in 1913 he's suddenly in a time before alcohol was illegal. (Pre-hibition?) When a man orders liquor at a soda counter, Joe nods and says: “Speakeasy.” Confused, the man replies: “Why should I?”
2018 not only marks the 25th anniversary of Groundhog Day (and the 85th of Turn Back the Clock) but the 20th of Tom Tykwer's Run Lola Run, in which Franka Potente makes three frantic scrambles through Berlin to save her boyfriend from a crime boss.
Since then, time-loop tales have had their own doubling and redoubling. 2000 gave us the Swedish comedy Naken, about a man caught in a time loop on his wedding day; it was remade last year as the Netflix film Naked, with Marlon Wayans as the groom.
Another Netflix original, ARQ, features Robbie Amell and Rachael Taylor as Renton and Hannah, a couple reliving the same scary morning, as armed men break into their home. This one is unique in that, at first, Renton is the only one who remembers the loop, but eventually Hannah realizes it too. Will their assailants be next? (Its first-time feature director, Tony Elliott, also made an excellent quantum-themed science-fiction short, Entangled, in 2014.)
The last decade has been something of a golden age for the sub-genre. In 2007, Spanish director Nacho Vigalondo made Los Cronocrimenes (Timecrimes), a mystery wrapped in a time loop. (A planned English remake seems to have vanished in its own paradoxical puff of smoke.) 2010 brought Carl Bessai's excellent Canadian film The Repeaters, with the time loop as a metaphor for addiction – no matter what they do, the inhabitants of a rehab facility seem doomed to repeat their behaviours.
Next came a trio of big-budget tales of time travel: Source Code, with Jake Gyllenhaal trying to stop a terror attack in Chicago; Looper, with Joseph Gordon Levitt and Bruce Willis as a man who is given the job of assassinating his future self; and Edge of Tomorrow, arguably Tom Cruise's best movie since Collateral. Last year gave us Happy Death Day, in which Jessica Rothe must solve her own murder; and Before I Fall, a similar concept but less bloody.
Given Hollywood's propensity for reusing a good idea, it's a fair bet that the next 10 years will contain even more variations on the time-loop phenomenon. In fact, maybe the greatest time-loop movie is just ahead of us. Or maybe it's always been there. It's hard to know.
Some find it hilarious – others plain creepy
From the clash between Georgia and Josh, Wes shedding a few tears over Megan's new relationship and the sitdown between Jack's ex Ellie Jones and Dani, last night's Love Island left us with plenty of talking points.
Advertisement
But the most important? Ellie revealed that Jack has a poster of Danny Dyer above his bed.
Yes, the Danny Dyer, Eastenders star and father to Jack's girlfriend Dani.
For some fans, it was the biggest revelation to come out of this year's villa…
JACK HAS A POSTER OF DANNY DYER I AM SCREEEEEAMING #LoveIsland — L (@highlara) July 3, 2018
Petition for Danny Dyer to take a signed poster in for Jack when the parents visit in the final week 🙌🏼😂 #LoveIsland — Mark Imrie (@Mark_Imrie) July 3, 2018
It was made all the funnier after Jack clarified to the beach hut that he doesn't have a shrine to the EastEnders star…
Jack: “She's making it sound like I have a shrine that I pray to” Also Jack: #LoveIsland pic.twitter.com/nhMtuzqn1V — Roisin (@xdolanchambie) July 3, 2018
if Jack's mates aren't building a shrine to Danny Dyer in his room as we watch this are they even his mates?! #loveisland — Rebecca Weir (@RJWeir) July 3, 2018
…And when Dani's main problem was that Jack has posters on his wall at age 26.
Dani doesn't care that Jack's got a poster of her dad in his room, she just cares that he's 26 and still got posters 😂 National treasure in the making #loveisland — Hannah (@HannahLiz73) July 3, 2018
But while the news left some fans suspicious of Jack…
Plot Twist: Jack is using Dani to get closer and meet his idol Danny Dyer #loveisland — ◡̈ (@idekmic) July 3, 2018
Now we all found out jack has a poster of Danny dyer, does he really wanna be with dani or does he just want Danny dyer as a father In law #loveisland — B (@bhavishaparmar) July 3, 2018
…most were just wondering what kind of poster it is.
Jack has a poster of his girlfriends dad danny dyer I'm howling #LoveIsland #alarmbells pic.twitter.com/ymk4aNjLuf — Rebecca shaw (@rebzy2412) July 3, 2018
Advertisement
Love Island is on 9pm tonight, ITV2
Tokyo 2020 are set to have a low cost ticket for children, elderly and people with disabilities for several events at the Olympic and Paralympic Games.
The lower cost tickets are expected to be priced at ¥2,020 (£13.80/$18.20/€15.70).
The price was chosen to mark the year of the Games.
"We hope that a diverse audience enjoy the Olympics and fans generate a frenzied atmosphere in the stadium," Sadahiko Kano, head of Tokyo 2020's ticketing strategy panel told Mainichi Japan.
Further discussion over the number of the lower cost tickets which will be made available are expected to take place.
The lower price tickets are anticipated to be available for both the Opening and Closing Ceremonies, along with some preliminary rounds of competitions.
Ticket prices are set to be a topic of discussion when the International Olympic Committee's Coordination Commission visit the Japanese next week.
Tokyo 2020 ticket prices are set to be on the agenda when the IOC Coordination Commission visit next week ©Getty Images
The visit is due to take place from July 10 to 12.
Tokyo 2020 are set to present their ticket proposals to the IOC Coordination Commission.
Prices are expected to be officially revealed on July 20.
Tickets are scheduled to be place on sale next spring as the countdown continues to the Games.
In May, it was reported organisers had set an upper price limit of ¥288,000 (£1,900/$2,600/€2,200) for the Opening Ceremony.
For the Paralympics Opening Ceremony, the upper price limit was said to have been set at ¥144,100 (£970/$1,300/€1,100).
Sporting event tickets could start at ¥2,000 (£13/$18/€15) for the Olympics and ¥1,000 (£7/$9/€8) for the Paralympics.
There's no prize for spotting the mistake Jeremy Corbyn made on Twitter at the weekend.
Skip Twitter post by @jeremycorbyn After the brilliant #BevanFestival in Tredegar I travelled to Barry where there was another packed venue of people who have had enough of the Tories failing our NHS.
On its 70th birthday, we must come together to campaign to defend healthcare as a human right. #OurNHS #NHS70 pic.twitter.com/MUzyx0aCYx — Jeremy Corbyn (@jeremycorbyn) July 1, 2018 Report
Opponents gleefully reminded him that Barry's local health services have been under the stewardship of Labour governments since Tony Blair's landslide victory 21 years ago.
But if he was confused, Mr Corbyn is not alone. Polls for the BBC in recent years have suggested around a third of people in Wales think the nation's health service is run from Westminster.
Mr Corbyn was in Wales to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the NHS.
All these years after it started, questioning the principle of state-run healthcare, free at the point of need, is taboo in politics.
Politicians use the institution's unique place in the public's affections to attack rivals and position themselves.
Image copyright Getty Images
Conservative MEP Daniel Hannan caused a headache for his party leader David Cameron in 2009 when he dared to criticise the NHS on American TV.
Mr Cameron, who was then busily trying to reinvent the Tories as champions of the health service, called Mr Hannan "eccentric". Labour's Andy Burnham, the health secretary at the time, branded him "unpatriotic".
In Wales, where Aneurin Bevan is idolised by Labour, the idea of the institution as part our national identity is arguably even stronger.
As prime minister, Mr Cameron regularly attacked the Welsh Government's record on healthcare. But when he called the England-Wales border a "line between life and death", Carwyn Jones said he had gone beyond political knockabout. This was a "war on Wales", the first minister said.
Mr Jones was at it again in the Senedd chamber yesterday, saying: "We have a statue to Aneurin Bevan. We will never have a statue to Jeremy Hunt."
Image caption David Cameron called differences between England and Wales' NHS a scandal
Other parties want in on the act. Leanne Wood, Plaid Cymru's leader, called the NHS "Wales' greatest invention".
Theresa May's rhetoric is less bellicose, but she has followed David Cameron's cue. She derides Labour's record, accusing it of failing to match the increases in health spending seen in England.
Technically, she's correct, but she ignores the fact that health spending per head is higher in Wales.
So why pick on Welsh Labour?
It's because voters, by and large, more strongly associate the NHS with Labour than the Conservatives.
Image copyright PA Image caption Junior doctors were striking in England during the 2016 Welsh Assembly election campaign
Professor Roger Awan-Scully, of Cardiff University's Wales Governance Centre, says: "We traditionally talk about issue ownership, and health has very much been a Labour issue."
For years, the Welsh Tories plugged away at trying to change this.
By early 2016, with an assembly election looming, a study of voters' attitudes, led by Prof Awan-Scully, narrowly put the Tories ahead of Labour in Wales when people were asked which party was best able to handle health. That was not the case across the UK as a whole, where the Conservatives trailed.
As that year's election campaign began, some of us journalists expected to hear the Conservatives say more about the NHS.
Sources told me at the time there was a debate inside the party over just how hard to push. Some feared undermining the progress they had already made. What's more, the backdrop to that election wasn't the most conducive for them. While Welsh politicians were on the campaign trail, junior doctors were on strike in England.
Much of what the Tories have to say about the Welsh Government's record on the NHS stems from a decision in 2011 to freeze funding for frontline care - in reality, a budget cut.
The Welsh Government wanted to spread the pain of austerity between services. Siphoning money from care homes to hospitals, ministers thought, would store up more problems for the NHS.
As my colleague Arwyn Jones reported last week, Health Secretary Vaughan Gething now says that decision didn't work.
It's a significant admission, particularly as Welsh Labour gears up for a leadership election, in which Mr Gething is a candidate.
To win he must defeat the favourite - finance secretary and former health secretary, Mark Drakeford.
With the NHS swallowing almost half the Welsh Government's day-to-day spending, it's difficult to imagine a contest between them where the future of the NHS doesn't feature prominently.
With '12 Years a Slave,' Oscars get it right this year Major props to the Oscars for acknowledging “12 Years a Slave” as the the Best Picture of 2013, reversing its recent trend of embracing less challenging fare like “Argo” and...
Lupita Nyong'o wins Oscar for her first movie LOS ANGELES — Lupita Nyong'o has won the Academy Award for best supporting actress for her harrowing portrayal of a slave who's caught her sadistic master's eye in “12 Years...
Why there are 9 Best Picture nominees at this year's Oscars LOS ANGELES — Was it Lee Daniels' “The Butler,” the folk rock bio pic “Inside Llewyn Davis,” or Woody Allen's “Blue Jasmine”? We'll never know which film might have been...
Showbiz veteran blasts Oscar nominees in ballot peek And the winner is . . . awful! A cranky member of the Motion Picture Academy offered up a “brutally honest” peek at his Oscar ballot — rife with snarky...
Will clueless Oscar voters snub '12 Years' star for J.Law? Sunday may be a night that goes down in Oscar infamy: There appears to be a chance that Brooklyn's own Lupita Nyong'o will NOT win Best Supporting Actress for her...
'Gravity' wins big at BAFTA awards The searing historical drama “12 Years a Slave” took best picture honors at Sunday's British academy awards in London, as well as the best actor honors for Chiwetel Ejiofor as the...
Will ‘Gravity' win Best Picture Oscar after taking Directors Guild Award? “Gravity'' now officially leads the Best Picture race after winning the highly predictive Directors Guild of America award over the weekend — but its triumph at the Oscars is far...
Descendants defend '12 Years a Slave' plantation owner Descendants of a Louisiana plantation owner rallied to his defense, insisting that the Oscar-nominated movie “12 Years a Slave” unfairly portrayed him as a tyrant. The critically acclaimed movie –...
2014 Oscars turning into the tightest race yet One of the tightest races in Oscar history is brewing, with three different movies capturing key precursor awards over the weekend. A dramatic tie between “12 Years a Slave'' and...
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
We may still be basking in the bliss of a new year, but we can't fully say goodbye to 2017 until we take care of one crucial task: filing our taxes. Tax season officially opened on Monday, meaning that you can start filing for the 2017 tax year now. Some of us may be grateful to get the oft-dreaded task over with, but many will wait until the last minute. According to a TurboTax survey, 20 to 25 percent of all Americans dally until the last minute. This doesn't help us with the stress of it all, which can be mighty — a 2017 report by the American Psychological Association found that Uncle Sam's demands weigh heavily on our minds, with 28 percent of adults in the U.S saying that high taxes are a source of stress.
“I think one of the best things you can do is just get started ASAP,” Andrea Coombes, an investing specialist at NerdWallet, tells NBC News BETTER. A great way to start is to use a tax estimate calculator online. H&R Block has one, as does NerdWallet and TurboTax. Here's how to get the most out of this tool and understand the basics so that by the time the April 17 deadline comes, you'll have this all far behind you.
Make Sure You Have All Your Forms — Including From Your Bank
Before you start with the calculator, make sure that you have not only all your W-2s and 1099s (employers have until today to get everything to you in the mail), but also a 1099-INT from your bank. “This is for your interest income,” says Jackie Perlman, principal tax research analyst at The Tax Institute at H&R Block. “And it's where a lot of people make a mistake: they leave this income off their return.”
It's an easy error to make because if the interest you earned is under $10, you may not receive anything from your bank. So make sure you look through all your monthly bank statements, and/or request a 1099-INT from your bank so you don't end up possibly getting in trouble over a few bucks or less.
28 percent of adults in the U.S say that high taxes are a source of stress. 28 percent of adults in the U.S say that high taxes are a source of stress.
Assess How Much Was Withheld: This Impacts Your Refund (Or Your Bill)
How much do you really owe the IRS? This is the main question the tax calculator will establish, but the answer largely depends on what kind of withholdings you chose when you filled out your W-4 way back when (unless you're self-employed, which is an entirely different conversation, unfortunately). Depending on the type of calculator, you'll want to enter both your salary sans taxes and the amount that your employer withheld from your paychecks (this information will be on your W-2).
“I see a lot of people put fewer allowances on their W-4, which means more is withheld, and then they get a bigger refund, some put more allowances so less is withheld and they end up owing,” says Perlman, adding that system is set up this way so that ideally you'll break even when it comes tax time, but of course, it never quite works that way.
The Distinguished Staff Awards is a broad-based staff recognition program rewarding staff for their excellence, leadership, and exemplary service to Texas Tech. This award program is designed to be highly competitive and serves to promote greater individual staff recognition. Human Resources Talent Development, with the support of the Office of the Chancellor, the Office of the President, and Human Resources, invites you to recognize an outstanding staff member by nominating them for one of the available staff awards.
The deadline for nominations is Friday, June 16, 2017 at 5:00 PM.
Please contact Talent Development (806-742-0530) or e-mail To learn more about the Distinguished Staff Awards, to review eligibility criteria, or to nominate an employee or team, visit www.hr.ttu.edu and click on the 2017 Distinguished Staff Awards button or banner.The deadline for nominations is Friday, June 16, 2017 at 5:00 PM.Please contact Talent Development (806-742-0530) or e-mail awards.recognition@ttu.edu with any questions. Posted:
4/17/2017
Originator:
Kristen Kincannon
Email:
kristen.kincannon@ttu.edu
Department:
Human Resources
Categories
Academic
Departmental
Faculty/Staff Organization
County Upper Basketball Under-19 Elite Boys continued their winning streak in the Academy Basketball League with a solid 90-77 win against the previously unbeaten Alec Reed.
Sam Kesinro top scored with 27 points, while Leon Neizi added 15 points with Stefan Petkovic and John Bourne each netting 14 points apiece.
Coach Darren Johnson said: “Alec Reed are a tough programme who are well coached and have some great athletes.
“We did a good job on both the offensive end and defensive end of the court today.
“It is hard to break down any team, especially a team such as Alec Reed, but we were able to disrupt their defence while also giving their offence problems, which allowed us to pull out a win.
“We still need to improve in certain areas and will again work on this as we move forward.”
• Meanwhile, County Upper U16 Girls also pulled off an impressive win in the Southeast Conference against Thurrock Hornets, racking up a 66-35 triumph on the road.
They were led in the scoring by Alex Popova with 22 points and well-supported by Grace Spooner and Jenna Wright with 15 and 12 points respectively.
The U16s will be back in action on the February 10 against Hounslow Hawks away.
• The County Upper U14 Girls played some of their best basketball of the season to dismantle the Brentwood Leopards in the East Conference, recording a 91-43 win.
They were led in scoring by Grace Spooner with 41 points, supported by Jenna Wright (17 points) and Jemima Kent (12 points).
County Upper will next be in action this weekend when they host Norfolk Iceni.
Image caption Eric Morecambe and Ernie Wise in 1975
I can't name a new, young TV comedy double act and neither can Barry Cryer.
The comedian and writer says: "I want to spot a young double act and say 'oh boy, it's still going'. But it hasn't happened for me yet."
At the start of his career he wrote for the gold standard of comedy duos, Morecambe and Wise.
"It's like telepathy," Cryer says. "It's rapport, a chemistry. They feed off each other."
At the height of their powers, Eric and Ernie raked in more than 28 million viewers.
But out in the Edinburgh drizzle, scanning the listings boards and combing through the pile of leaflets I've been handed, it's slim pickings for double acts.
They've overwhelmingly made way for stand-ups or comedy troupes.
Image caption Barry Cryer, who's appearing in his own double act on the Edinburgh Fringe with Ronnie Golden
"It's what my generation chose to watch," a lady waiting for a show to start tells me. "Your generation are happy with stand-up."
"No offence nana, but Morecambe and Wise - nobody would watch that nowadays," her granddaughter chips in.
For better or for worse they agree the comic double act is dead.
But this is the largest arts festival in the world. Spend enough time in the sticky beer-smelling student union rooms which have been trussed up as venues, as you'll find that old staple of British television in rude health.
'It's coming back'
The majority is sketch-based. Duos such as Goodbear or Inside Studio 9. But old style variety has also had a revamp.
Double Denim, comprising of Australian comedians Michelle Brasier and Laura Frew largely consists of games with the audience and group renditions of Shania Twain classics.
Laura Anderson of Hurt and Anderson says double act stock is on the rise.
"Double acts mostly work as a sketch or a character comedy thing," she says. "And as far as I can tell sketch is getting more and more popular again. It ebbed away and I think it's coming back."
Image copyright Georgia Hurt and Laura Anderson Image caption Georgia Hurt and Laura Anderson, better known as Hurt and Anderson.
When they started in 2011, they say there were almost no female comic duos on the fringe.
"Now we're treading them under foot," she says. "They're everywhere!"
"On the circuit. Not the mainstream consciousness," her comedy partner Georgia Hurt adds.
'Real chemistry'
After selling out their Edinburgh festival debut last year, Barney Fishwick and Will Hislop are back as the double act Giants.
For a large proportion of their act they are Norwegian pop sensations.
"The EU is a big, beautiful dance floor", they say. Everyone dances together, "or as we like to call it, the free movement of peoples".
"The final product is this year", Hislop jokes.
They met at four days old and have been good friends ever since.
Image copyright Dee McCourt Image caption Will Hislop and Barney Fishwick, known together as 'Giants', acting casual.
Why a double act? Fishwick says it allows "for conflict", adding: "It's that weird thing where there is this real chemistry, there's love at the basis of it."
"There's also hate", Hislop interjects.
They say a connection is required, a trust which allows them to veer off in different directions during their act.
"We know each other's rhythms as it were, so we know what we're likely to think," Hislop says.
"So if there's someone in the front row wearing Crocs, I know that Barney finds Crocs really funny so I'll leave that to him because I don't have a lot of Crocs material."
As I queue for another show, I get the family next to me to list comedy double acts.
"Can I say Torvill and Dean?".
It seems comedy duos aren't back in the mainstream just yet.
You can hear more on BBC Radio 4's Broadcasting House.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
The African-American chief executive of pharmaceutical giant Merck & Co. Inc. resigned from President Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council Monday after the commander-in-chief failed to condemn white nationalists for deadly violence at a weekend rally in Charlottesville, Va.
“Our country's strength stems from its diversity and the contributions made by men and women of different faiths, faces, sexual orientations and political beliefs. America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal,” Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier said in a statement announcing his departure from the council.
“As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism,” Frazier added.
Less than an hour after Merck released Frazier's statement, Trump slammed the exec in a tweet.
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
“Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!” Trump posted.
Frazier's resignation came after Trump sparked a national backlash Saturday by suggesting that “many sides” were to blame for violence during a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump under fire for blaming Charlottesville violence on 'many sides' 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
One person was killed and more than 19 others were injured during protests at the rally after a car plowed through a group of counter-protesters who were demonstrating against racism.
Trump, in Saturday remarks from his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, said, “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
He added that hate and division in the country must stop, but that it is not linked to his presidency because it has "been going on for a long, long time."
"No matter our color, creed, religion, our political party, we are all Americans first," he said, adding that he'd like for his administration to "study" why such violence is occurring. He didn't take questions from reporters.
Asked for clarification, a White House official later said: "The President was condemning hatred, bigotry and violence from all sources and all sides. There was violence between protesters and counterprotesters today." Vice President Mike Pence told NBC News that the president "stated clearly that he condemns hate and violence in all of its forms."
After Trump's statement Saturday, many Republicans and Democrats criticized Trump for failing to single out white nationalists for the violence, and on Monday, the president addressed the situation with stronger language.
“Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said in a brief statement from the White House.
Shares of Merck were unfazed by Frazier's announcement to leave the manufacturing council and actually rose 0.7 percent to $62.80 Monday — their best day since July 27.
Frazier, however, was not the first to quit the panel. In June, Tesla CEO Elon Musk quit Trump's manufacturing council and Trump's business advisory council after the president withdrew the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement. Walt Disney Co. CEO Bob Iger also resigned in June from Trump's business advisory council after the president announced his Paris accord decision.
Meanwhile, pressure from social media users mounted on the remaining members of Trump's manufacturing council — a body that includes CEOs from more than two dozen corporate giants like Ford Motor Co., Lockheed Martin, Boeing and Under Armour — to respond to Trump's comments about Charlottesville.
But at least one other member of Trump's manufacturing council said he would remain on the panel.
"GE has no tolerance for hate, bigotry or racism, and we strongly condemn the violent extremism in Charlottesville over the weekend. GE is a proudly inclusive company with employees who represent all religions, nationalities, sexual orientations and races," GE, whose Chairman and CEO Jeffrey Immelt is on Trump's manufacturing council, said in a statement. "With more than 100,000 employees in the United States, it is important for GE to participate in the discussion on how to drive growth and productivity in the U.S., therefore, Jeff Immelt will remain on the Presidential Committee on American Manufacturing."
Dow Chemcial CEO Andrew Liveris said in his own statement that, "I condemn the violence this weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, and my thoughts and prayers are with those who lost loved ones and with the people of Virginia."
"In Dow there is no room for hatred, racism, or bigotry. Dow will continue to work to strengthen the social and economic fabric of the communities where it operates — including supporting policies that help create employment opportunities in manufacturing and rebuild the American workforce," Liveris added.
Chris Baker, who formerly managed the University Wellness Center in downtown Jackson, has been named the executive director of Downtown Fitness, powered by Baptist Health Systems, which has moved into the facility at 100 E. Capitol St., Suite 107.
Baker has more than 20 years of experience in the fitness facility industry and holds numerous fitness certifications.
With approximately 17,000 square feet of space, Downtown Fitness – Powered by Baptist Health Systems, will boast the latest in exercise equipment, group exercise classes, and executive-style locker rooms. The center will offer a total body toning boot camp, indoor cycling, low-impact/high-output cardio machines complete with integrated TVs, total body training selectorized strength machines, and a comprehensive free-weight training area. There will also be a Baptist Medical Clinic for facility members and corporate health clients.
Stephen Ross wants to build skylines.
He wants to build a champion.
And he wants to build bridges — not between shores, but between people.
Along with owning a billion-dollar real estate empire and a National Football League franchise, Ross has made his life's mission to use sports to fight racism.
He created the RISE initiative after the Dolphins' 2013 bullying scandal, which has reached tens of thousands of youths across the country. RISE is “a nonprofit dedicated to harnessing the unifying power of sports to improve race relations and drive social progress.”
Those efforts have not gone unnoticed.
Stephen Ross and @RISEtoWIN have been named the recipient of the Stuart Scott ENSPIRE Award. pic.twitter.com/1JNbj9tYpY — Miami Dolphins (@MiamiDolphins) June 14, 2017
RISE has been named a recipient of the 2017 Stuart Scott ENSPIRE Award, which “celebrates individuals and organizations that have taken risks and used an innovative approach to helping the disadvantaged through the power of sports.” The group will be honored at the third annual Sports Humanitarian Awards on July 11.
Included in the award: a $100,000 grant from ESPN for leadership in improving race relations and driving social progress.
“We are honored that RISE is a recipient of the Stuart Scott ENSPIRE Award, named after a man synonymous with bringing all walks of life together through the unifying power of sports,” Ross said. “I want to thank all of the players, sports executives and league officials who have united to make a positive impact around such an important issue.”
Highland County Sheriff Donnie Barrera announced Friday that the sheriff's office has been awarded $28,666.83 in traffic safety grant funds through the Ohio Traffic Enforcement Grant.
Barrera recognized the efforts of deputies Mike Gaines and Ryan Miller for brining grant dollars to the sheriff's office over the last several years, according to a press release.
The sheriff said that beginning in 2014 and continuing through 2017, Gaines and Miller “have managed the Sheriff's Office's Traffic Enforcement Program with funding and administration obtained from the State of Ohio's Department of Public Safety and the Office of Criminal Justice Services.”
Barrera said Gaines and Miller “have been responsible for writing the grants, coordinating the efforts of my deputies in conducting traffic enforcement activities, and managing the monthly reports and statistics necessary to properly implement this grant.”
The traffic grant has been expanded to include additional hours for impaired driving/selective traffic enforcement, to include special traffic details during the summer months, prom season and during the holidays throughout the year, according to the press release.
“This grant has allowed us to assign additional road deputies to additional traffic patrol duties, making Highland County roads and highways much safer,” said Barrera.
For more information on the grant, contact the sheriff's office at 937-393-1421.
Barrera http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2017/10/web1_Barrera-pic-CMYK-1.jpg Barrera
Sheriff credits deputies Gaines, Miller for grant awards
We use cookies to personalize content, features and ads. We share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information from your use of the services.
A student said someone tried to assault her as she walked to duPont Manual High School on the morning of March 19.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - LMPD is investigating an attempted attack on a local high school student on her way to class Monday morning.
It allegedly happened around 7 a.m. near 3rd Street and Gaulbert Avenue, police said.
The student was walking to duPont Manual High School after getting off a TARC bus, school officials said.
Police said the would-be victim was not physically hurt. Investigators said they have no suspects, or even a description of the would-be attacker, adding that the incident appears to be an isolated one.
UofL said some of its campus officers also responded to the scene, but LMPD is now handling the case. duPont Manual High School officials said extra security will be on patrol the rest of the week to keep an eye on students.
They also sent the following note to parents:
This morning at approximately 7:05 a.m., a Manual student reported that she was physically accosted on Lee Street by an unknown person, about one-and-a-half blocks from school.
The student was walking to Manual after getting off a TARC bus. The student is safe and wasn't physically harmed. It was the student's situational awareness that facilitated the positive outcome.
We immediately contacted the Louisville Metro Police Department (LMPD), and the agency is investigating the incident. Additionally, we contacted Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS) Security and Investigations, and we will have extra eyes outside Manual each morning this week to help ensure student safety.
Please also talk with your students about being aware of their surroundings at all times.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
The HTC 10 was never the most popular phone on the block. In our review, we found that its many talking points were ultimately overshadowed by its rather hefty $700 MSRP. Fast forward to today, and even though the 10 has aged a bit, it's still a solid choice. Sprint has just lowered the regular price of this 2016 flagship to just $240, and you don't have to be a Sprint customer to pick one up.
As a recap, the HTC 10 sports a 5.2" 1440p LCD display, a Snapdragon 820, 4GB of RAM, 32GB of storage with microSD expansion, a 12MP "UltraPixel" camera out back, a 5MP unit up front, and a 3000mAh battery. Other things worth noting are how both cameras come equipped with OIS, the excellent DAC/amp combo, and dual speakers. Even in 2017, this thing will hang with the best just fine.
This is slightly different from a standard Deal Alert in that $240 is actually Sprint's new regular price for the 10; this is a permanent price reduction. Interestingly, while Sprint customers can only purchase the phone online and over the phone (24 month installments at $10/month are available), non-Sprint customers can simply walk into corporate Sprint stores and leave with a shiny new 10. If you have the phone unlocked, you'll be able to use it on GSM carriers such as AT&T and T-Mobile, albeit with a few bands missing. And for what it's worth, the Sprint HTC 10's bootloader can be unlocked. That's rare to see these days.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Children worldwide face poverty, conflict, and "childhood-ending" events like being forced into work
More than half the world's children are at risk of poverty, conflict and discrimination against girls, according to a report by Save the Children.
The charity's second End of Childhood index says more than 1.2 billion children face these threats, with 153 million facing all three.
While the global situation has improved compared with last year, the charity says progress is not fast enough.
The report comes ahead of International Children's Day on 1 June.
Save the Children's index says one billion children live in countries rife with poverty, about 240 million in countries affected by conflict, and 575 million girls live in countries where discrimination against women is common.
"Because of who they are and where they live, these children risk being robbed of their childhoods and future potential," the report says.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption Despite improvements globally, Save the Children say more needs to be done
According to the survey, released on Wednesday, the situation for children has improved in 95 of 175 countries surveyed, but deteriorated in about 40 nations.
Countries are ranked by a score system based on how many children in each country face death, malnutrition, lack of education and being forced into marriage, motherhood or work.
Singapore and Slovenia are joint first top of the childhood index rankings, followed by Norway and Sweden in joint third and Finland fifth.
At the bottom of the index is Niger, along with Mali and the Central African Republic - with eight of the bottom ten nations in west or central Africa.
Save the Children also point out that despite their dominance in economics and military might, the US (36th), Russia (37th) and China (40th) all trail countries in Western Europe.
You may also be interested in:
The charity identifies 10 key trends that they say require concerted action.
Rising adolescent pregnancies and rates of marriage for girls under 18, an increasing gap between rich and poor countries, worsening survival rates in sub-Saharan Africa, child labour and stalled efforts to increase education worldwide are all concerns, as well as the huge number of displaced persons worldwide.
The charity says 20 people are displaced every minute due to conflict or persecution.
In February, a Save the Children report said one in six children now live in a conflict zone, while in 2016 another report by the charity said one girl under 15 is married every seven seconds.
The charity has come under scrutiny for allegations of sexual misconduct amid a wider scandal of Western charity workers actions worldwide.
Image copyright Reuters/Carl Recine
Amid England's celebrations after winning Tuesday's penalty shootout to enable them to progress to the quarter-finals of the World Cup, manager Gareth Southgate was comforting a Colombian player who had missed his penalty.
Southgate knows only too well what that feels like.
In the Euro 1996 tournament, England's semi-final against Germany went to penalties.
Southgate's saved penalty gave Germany the chance to go through to the final if they scored their next penalty, which they did.
The England manager at the time, Terry Venables, hugged a devastated Southgate.
Now, images of Southgate being consoled 22 years ago and being the consoler after Tuesday's game have emerged online, prompting praise for Southgate's compassion towards Colombia's Mateus Uribe, who missed his spot-kick.
One Twitter user tweeted this image of Venables talking to Southgate after his penalty miss in 1996.
Image copyright PA Image caption Gareth Southgate's lonely walk after his penalty miss for England in Euro 96
BBC Sport tweeted images of Southgate's emotional reaction to his team winning the penalty shootout. Many commented online how the win has laid to rest Southgate's ghosts from 1996.
US radio host Roger Bennett surmises on what Southgate was feeling when he saw his England team win.
Skip Twitter post by @rogbennett What must that have felt like for Gareth Southgate? To turn your own personal trauma - the missed penalty in the semi final of Euro 1996 - into a life lesson and use that life lesson to lead your nation to Victory 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🙌 pic.twitter.com/VEtD0Idcsp — roger bennett (@rogbennett) July 3, 2018 Report
One England supporter tweeted how proud he is to be English: "[Southgate's] compassion towards the Colombia players who were distraught at losing was humbling, he knows he's been there, the way this man conducts himself, his integrity/honesty/empathy is a joy to see."
Another tweeted: "The more I see of Mr Southgate, the more impressive he gets."
A third tweeted her admiration for Southgate: "He's been there, it destroyed him, he got back up with more self-belief and compassion to rise to the top. This is a true leader, this is what the England team needed. Hats off to Mr Southgate."
Others have commented on how nice Southgate is using the hashtag #GarethSouthgateWould.
Skip Twitter post by @TheJaneJames #GarethSouthgateWould pop in to make sure your nan's ok while you're on holiday, get her a bit of shopping in and sit with her to watch Countdown. — Jane James (@TheJaneJames) July 4, 2018 Report
One group of supporters changed the words of Atomic Kitten's Whole Again to show their love for Southgate.
.
By Andree Massiah, BBC UGC and Social News team
Why it matters to you The S-Class is Mercedes' technology flagship, and it gets even more advanced tech for 2018.
The Mercedes-Benz S-Class is known as a technology leader not only for Mercedes itself, but for the car industry as a whole. But given that the current S-Class has been with us since the 2014 model year, some updates were needed to keep that title.
That's where the 2018 Mercedes-Benz S-Class comes in. Debuting this week at the 2017 Shanghai Auto Show, this refreshed version of Mercedes' flagship gets an updated infotainment interface and more driver-assistance tech, as well as new engines and a mild restyling.
Mercedes previously boasted that the driver-assist features in the 2018 S-Class would take the car a step closer to autonomous driving, and the list is indeed considerable. Its adaptive cruise control and speed-limit assist now use more map data, allowing the car to hold a set speed in a wider variety of situations. Like a Tesla Model S, the S-Class now also has the ability to change lanes at the flick of a turn-signal stalk.
The powertrain lineup gets a reshuffle, with the S450 (rear-wheel drive) and S450 4Matic (all-wheel drive) models sporting a new 3.0-liter twin-turbocharged V6 that makes 362 horsepower and 269 pound-feet of torque. The S560 and S560 4Matic use a new 4.0-liter twin-turbo V8, with 463 hp and 516 lb-ft. The V8 also powers the ultra-luxury Mercedes-Maybach S650 and S650 4Matic models.
The Mercedes-AMG S63 performance model returns, but with a 4.0-liter twin-turbo V8 replacing the old 5.5-liter twin-turbo V8, as well as standard all-wheel drive. The new engine produces a titanic 603 hp and 664 lb-ft, getting the S63 from 0 to 60 mph in 3.4 seconds. The AMG S65 model retains its 6.0-liter twin-turbo V12, generating 621 hp and 738 lb-ft. The S65 does 0 to 60 mph in 4.2 seconds, according to Mercedes, and both AMG models are electronically limited to 186 mph.
On the inside, the S-Class continues to use a pair of display screens behind one piece of glass, measuring a combined 12.3 inches diagonally. This wraparound setup encompasses both the functions of a traditional gauge cluster and center-stack infotainment screen. The driver can manipulate these screens using touchpads on the steering wheel, or with an infotainment controller on the center console.
Another, somewhat unusual feature is the new “Energizing Comfort” system. It uses the climate control, seat heating/ventilation and massage, ambient lighting, and audio system to create what Mercedes calls a “specific wellness setup tailored to the mood and need of the driver.” It includes six programs: Freshness, Warmth, Vitality, Joy, Comfort, and Training (which includes exercises that can be performed while seated). Each lasts 10 minutes.
Most 2018 Mercedes-Benz S-Class models will arrive in U.S. dealerships this fall, with the Maybach S650 and AMG S65 models scheduled to go on sale a bit later. Pricing will be announced closer to the launch date.
2:44 A special evening for Steph Curry Pause
1:44 New Hornet Miles Plumlee
0:50 Ex-Charlotte Bobcat Gerald Wallace
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
YOLA, Nigeria — Officials in Nigeria say gunmen have killed 15 people in an early-morning attack on a Catholic church, including two priests.
The attack took place in Ayar-Mbalom, a community in Benue state.
Terver Akase, a media aide to the Benue state governor, says the attackers also burned down 50 houses.
President Muhammadu Buhari in a statement calls the violation of a place of worship “vile, evil and satanic” and an attempt to stoke religious conflict.
Benue state in central Nigeria has seen a series of attacks in recent weeks, many linked to a long-running dispute between farmers and herdsmen.
A few days ago 10 people were killed by alleged herdsmen in the state.
One run of six episodes may not be enough to tell the whole mysterious story says the screenwriter behind the chilling BBC1 drama
Requiem, the spooky new drama on BBC1 about a cellist called Matilda Gray (Lydia Wilson) and an historic missing child case began airing on Friday followed by an iPlayer box set release.
Advertisement
No spoilers here, in case you haven't watched any or all of the show.
But what I can say is that it seems as if this may not be the end of the story.
“If the planets align and if we all decide that it's the right thing to do then it could come back [for another run],” writer Kris Mrksa (pictured below) tells RadioTimes.com. “I originally conceived of it as a two-part story and it's a possibility.”
Before then viewers are urged to immerse themselves in the creepy drama which takes the action to rural Wales where the suicide of Matilda's mother (played by Joanna Scanlan) appears to be linked to the 1994 disappearance of a young girl called Carys.
Requiem also stars Plebs actor Joel Fry as Matilda's friend and collaborator Hal and Downton Abbey star Brendan Coyle as Stephen Kendrick, the detective who originally investigated Carys's disappearance and ended up living in the area where she went missing.
Advertisement
Requiem is on BBC1 on Friday nights with the entire series available on the BBC iPlayer
The president's Twitter habits are getting him into even more legal murkiness.
A group of First Amendment lawyers sent President Donald Trump a letter on Tuesday asking him to unblock Twitter users whom he gave the digital cold shower after they chastised or disagreed with him on social media — citing that Trump's Twitter space is a "public forum" so the ban is unconstitutional.
The Knight First Amendment Institute, a non-profit under the Knight Foundation and Columbia University, represents several Twitter users who have been blocked from accessing @realDonaldTrump after they wrote unflattering statements about the president.
The letter to Trump says his “Twitter account operates as a ‘designated public forum' for First Amendment purposes, and accordingly the viewpoint-based blocking of our clients is unconstitutional.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Spicer: Trump's Tweets Have Proved to Be 'Very, Very Effective Tool' 1:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“We ask that you unblock them and any others who have been blocked for similar reasons.”
The White House did not immediately comment on the letter but the lawyers are prepared to go to court if the president does not heed their advice, said Alex Abdo, one of the lawyers representing the blocked users.
One user, Joseph M. Papp, was shut out of Trump's Twitter feed on Sunday, after writing “Greetings from Pittsburgh, Sir” and “Why didn't you attend your #PittsburghNotParis rally in DC, Sir? #fakeleader,” according to the letter.
The lawyers' correspondence comes amid the administration confirming on Tuesday that the President's tweets should be taken as official statements, which bolsters the lawyer's argument say legal experts.
“The president is president of the United States," said White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, "so they are considered official statements by the president of the United States."
Trump tweets NurPhoto / NurPhoto via Getty Images
The legal argument, standing at the intersection of technology and the Constitution, is certainly novel but also unclear, so here's are a few takeaways breaking it down:
What is the basis of this argument?
The Knight First Amendment Institute is arguing the "public forum doctrine" under the First Amendment, a longstanding, very traditional legal principle.
The doctrine essentially says that the government cannot engage in content-based or viewpoint-based suppression of speech in areas of where public discourse takes place, said Neil Richards, a professor at the Washington University School of Law.
Lawyers for the blocked users argue that because Twitter has become a "forum for expression in which you [Trump] share information and opinions relating to government policy with the public at large, and in which members of the public can engage you, engage one another, and sometimes elicit responses from you" it becomes a public space.
"The interesting thing about this argument is that a private host, Twitter, is being likened to a public space," said Morgan Weiland, an attorney and scholar at Stanford University Law School's Center for Internet and Society.
But the argument enumerated by the lawyers notes that “even if the space in question is 'metaphysical' rather than physical; even if the space is privately rather than publicly owned” the doctrine still applies especially since Trump has turned Twitter into the “official bull horn” Abdo said.
Twitter has now become a place where debate and conversation with government officials, especially Trump who uses Twitter for public announcements, policies, and plans, so the first amendment should apply in these places as well, Abdo said.
The White House announcing Tuesday that Trump's tweets are "official statements" also helps the argument, he said.
The issue is that courts have traditionally struggled even in physical spaces to identify what is a public forum so this is really becoming a cutting edge argument, Richards said. "and the outcome will be very unclear," he said.
How does it hurt blocked Twitter users?
The letter says that users who don't have access to Trump's account are deprived of their freedom of speech since they “limited in their ability to participate in comment threads” associated with the President's tweets.
The blocked users also cannot follow the president on Twitter, are “limited in their ability to view, find, search tweets" based on things he's said, the letter said.
Abdo and the rest of the lawyers argue that the users blocked by Trump expressed viewpoints that the president found critical or mocking — which is content-based discrimination, he said.
The key issue is ensuring citizens are not kept out because of their viewpoints or what they have to he said. “Under the argument, they should not be excluded from a public forum and if they are that is suppression of speech,” he said.
The two large injuries here are the first, that the blocked users don't get to tweet at the president and second, that they don't get to hit reply all to the Twitter discussion, Richards said.
“But just because you are protesting doesn't mean a government official has to listen,” he said. Again the law allows you to protest but because this area is so new, it's hard to say if blocking a Twitter user is paramount to suppressing their speech, he said.
What does this mean for other all Twitter users and blocking?
The public forum doctrine only applies to government, so private users don't need to worry about potential violations, said Weiland. If applied to the president however, a court ruling could trickle down to Congress and local politicians.
There are very different set of standards for public and private individuals so even if this goes to court and the court agrees with the Knight Foundation, this would only be about government officials, she said.
Although it is in interesting point that the President uses his personal Twitter as opposed to the official POTUS account, she said.
The Knight Institute says the private-public line was totally blurred with the president unabashedly mixed the two when he tweeted "official statements" from his private account.
“Certainly not every government official uses social media accounts as official places of public policy but because the president uses Twitter to describe his decisions and policies that is what converts Twitter into a public space that is not personal or private,” Abdo said.
What about hateful or obscene tweets at the president?
Just like any public forum, there are "time, place, and manner limits" to what is allowed under the doctrine, Richards said.
For example, you generally can't hold a protest rally in the middle of the night, or block rush hour traffic, he said.
“Arguably, and very arguably hurling expletives at the President could fall under manner restriction, but the Supreme Court has said that one man's profanity is another man's lyric,” he said. “Perhaps there may be some additional power in a public forum to make this nice but that's really murky,” he said.
But the first amendment doesn't let you shut down obscene or hateful speech,” said Abdo.
If the president were to establish some rules of the road when it comes to content regulation, like limiting the number of tweets people can put on his page so everyone can get a chance to weigh in, then those are acceptable “rules of the road” he said.
"Provided that they are applied evenhandedly," he said.
Image copyright CalMac Image caption CalMac's services are operating to an amended timetable
West coast ferry operator Caledonian MacBrayne has said its staff have been working almost "round the clock" to ease disruption to its routes.
The problems have been caused by repairs to a boat overrunning.
CalMac staff have been working overtime to reassign bookings to an amended timetable.
The company said its priority was responding to its customers and staff had handled more than 12,500 inquiries in the last five days.
Whisky festival
CalMac said each of its 26 island destinations remained "very much open for business".
It said all customers booked to travel up until 23 May would have their travel arrangements confirmed by Wednesday 25 April.
It said it was making "every effort" to return to its normal timetable and scheduled services by 23 May.
Managing director Robbie Drummond said: 'We originally thought this temporary timetable would be until the end of May but I'm pleased we will be aiming to bring this forward by a week."
He said for Islay it would mean that normal service should be resumed before the island's popular whisky festival.
Why it matters to you The innovative Jetfoiler combines an electric surfboard with a hydrofoil, making for a highly user-friendly water toy.
Legendary Don Montague and his engineering team at Kai Concepts recently introduced the newest member of the motorized surfboard revolution — the Jetfoiler, which utilizes both an electric motor and a hydrofoil for more efficient water-top cruising.
Don and his comrades began designing hydrofoil test platforms at a wind power company called Makani Power that was founded in 2006. A decade later, the team members released the Airfoiler, essentially a kiteboard turned electric foiler. Kai Concepts is now announcing its most impressive feat yet — the Jetfoiler, an Airfoiler equipped with a quiet and clean electric motor for enhanced water toy performance.
This newest invention serves as a training tool for the endeavoring kiteboarder while at the same time opens doors to an entirely new population of interested riders.
The innovative electric machine hardly makes a sound and leaves no wake in its path. The Jetfoiler combines the best of both electric and hydrofoil worlds, incorporating a motor directly onto the hydrofoil of the surfboard. A remote control running from the board to your hand serves as the primary control mechanism, allowing you to adjust speed and direction.
The Jetfoiler's most impressive feature is its optional cruise control, which kicks in once a rider reaches a certain speed. The machine allows the user to lean back onto the board and just enjoy a smooth, revolutionary trip across the surface of the water.
Related: Quickblade looks to change the paddleboard industry with the innovative smart paddle
The Jetfoiler board and foil are equally lightweight and strong, constructed from the same materials used in designing high-end race boats. Minimal drag ensures the most efficient use of the equipped electric motor while remaining energy efficient.
“The Jetfoiler allows riders of varying ages and abilities to discover the power and thrill of gliding above the surface of the water,” Kai Concepts states on its website, where you can learn more about the product, which is now available for purchase.
Harnell says snakes usually hang out in cool places where they can hide, like wood piles or under rocks. (Source: Raycom)
A Kentucky woman is at home recovering, after being bitten not once, but twice by a copperhead this week. (Source: Viewer)
A Kentucky woman is at home recovering, after being bitten not once, but twice by a copperhead this week.
She got the bite a couple of days ago on a driveway in Aurora, Kentucky.
She described the pain in a Facebook post as "excruciating," and the bites caused her to temporarily lose her ability to walk.
Chris Horrell with Bug Zero said snakes don't look for humans, but if they are startled they will react.
"The less hiding spots that are on the outside of your home - the better chance you won't have snakes. And, secondarily, is getting rid of food sources. Like a food source being mice. The fewer mice you have around your house., and your home, the less likelihood of having snakes," Horrell said.
Horrell said snakes usually hang out in cool places where they can hide, like wood piles or under rocks.
So if you are clearing out your yard or garage, it is important to take extra caution.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android
Copyright 2017 KFVS. All rights reserved.
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic --Select-- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
Watch the quirkier moments from day three at Wimbledon as flying ants frustrate Caroline Wozniacki, and Gael Monfils showboats his way through.
WATCH MORE: Lobs, drops, & dunks - Monfils showboats to win
WATCH MORE: 'Can we have a spray' - Wozniacki attacked by flying ants
Available to UK users only.
FILE - In this July 23, 2017, file photo, the field for the NASCAR Brickyard 400 auto race makes its way past fans in the stands in the first turn at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Indianapolis. From tens of thousands of empty seats at the tracks to dwindling ratings for those watching at home, NASCAR has a popularity problem. Michael Conroy, File AP Photo
7th Annual Talkin' Cloud 100 Report Identifies Premier Cloud Services Providers
Los Angeles, CA (PRUnderground) December 11th, 2017
Solidifying its place in the cloud computing elite, leading Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) provider Infinitely Virtual today announced that it is now among the world's Top 30 Cloud Services Providers, according to Channel Futures seventh annual Talkin' Cloud (TC) 100 report. Infinitely Virtual ranked 28th, up from 36th last year.
Based on data from Channel Futures' online survey, conducted between August to October 2017, the TC 100 list recognizes top cloud services providers (CSPs), including MSPs, hosting companies, cloud consultants and more. Rankings are based on annual cloud services revenue growth, and input from Channel Futures editors.
“On behalf of Channel Futures, I would like to congratulate Infinitely Virtual for its recognition as a Talkin' Cloud 100 honoree,” said Nicole Henderson, a contributing editor at Channel Futures who oversee the TC 100 project. “The organizations on this year's list demonstrate everything from technological prowess to thought leadership to business excellence across a number of functional disciplines. If you want to understand where the market is heading, watch these companies in 2018.”
“This tremendous vote of confidence from the Talkin' Cloud editorial team is especially meaningful because Channel Futures recognizes how central customer service and support are to everything CSPs do,” said Adam Stern, founder and CEO, Infinitely Virtual. “Providing service is why we exist, and why we've been able to help our customers grow. As one told me recently, ‘you guys are the real deal — real people helping real users. First and foremost, it's your customers who are your concern.' Talkin' Cloud recognition is all about cutting through the clutter and the confusion, and reinforcing providers who demonstrate an unwavering commitment to client satisfaction.”
Each year since 2010 Talkin' Cloud has recognized the top cloud service providers (CSPs), giving recognition to 100 companies that help transform their clients' businesses through the combination of innovative cloud services and support. Talkin' Cloud marks a new milestone this year, as part of Channel Futures: a new website dedicated to offering business strategy, research, and case studies supporting the new channel. This year's list reflects this changing market as service providers embrace new business models, emerging technologies, and innovative support models. The full report is available by visiting ChannelFutures.com.
For additional information, visit www.infinitelyvirtual.com.
About Informa
The Channel Futures brand is part of Informa which operates at the heart of the Knowledge and Information Economy. It is a leading business intelligence, academic publishing, knowledge and events business. With more than 7,500 employees globally, it has a presence in all major geographies, including North America, South America, Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Africa. For additional information on Informa, visit www.Informa.com and for information on Channel Futures, visit www.ChannelFutures.com.
About Infinitely Virtual
The World's Most Advanced Hosting Environment.
Infinitely Virtual is a leading provider of high quality and affordable Cloud Server technology, capable of delivering services to any type of business, via terminal servers, SharePoint servers and SQL servers – all based on Cloud Servers. Named to the Talkin' Cloud 100 as one of the industry's premier hosting providers, Infinitely Virtual has earned the highest rating of ” Enterprise-Ready™ ” in Skyhigh Networks' CloudTrust™ Program for four of its offerings — Cloud Server Hosting, InfiniteVault, InfiniteProtect and Virtual Terminal Server. The company recently took the #1 spot in HostReview's Ranking of VPS hosting providers. Infinitely Virtual was established as a subsidiary of Altay Corporation, and through this partnership, the company provides customers with expert 24×7 technical support. More information about Infinitely Virtual can be found at: http://www.infinitelyvirtual.com, @iv_cloudhosting, or call 866-257-8455.
There are fears that Des Cahill may not be able to take part in Dancing with the Stars this Sunday due to illness and injury.
The RTÉ Sport presenter is enduring a miserable week with conjunctivitis, a sinus infection, fluid on the knee and a calf strain.
He has been told to rest by a doctor and has been unable to train with professional partner Karen Byrne this week.
The three remaining boys in #DWTSIrl are on a #Valentines outing with each. The middle guy is in a boy band! pic.twitter.com/OTiE067efi — Des Cahill (@sportsdes) February 14, 2017
If Cahill is well enough to take to the floor on Sunday night he will be dancing the Samba to Engelbert Humperdinck's Quando, Quando, Quando.
Speaking to RTÉ Entertainment recently, Cahill admitted that combining training with work was "killing him".
Fingers crossed it'll be all smiles this Sunday
"I was home around twenty-past-eleven Monday night," he recounted. "I was in work at half five on Tuesday morning, left [for training], got home again at 8pm. Then back in at half five this morning."
There's no chance of a bit of a break on Saturdays, either.
"Saturday we're all there in Ardmore for the rehearsals but I've to come in and do a four-hour Saturday Sport programme," he explained.
"My age and lack of fitness is [sic] a disadvantage but the biggest one, I find, is trying to combine it. I didn't realise there'd be so much involved."
Dancing with the Stars, Sunday, RTÉ One, 6.30pm
Key Matches Of The 2017/18 Premier League Season
The Premier League 2017/18 season will be getting under full swing come August 12, and reigning champions Chelsea, will start with a match against Burnley.
The second week will pit the first and second of the 2016/17 season against each other. With Chelsea playing Tottenham.
The Manchester derby will be played on the same weekend as the Merseyside derby, pitting Everton and Liverpool, as they play April 9.
Arsenal play Liverpool in their third game of the season come August 26. United will play West Ham in their opener.
Manchester City will play Brighton on the opening day and Newcastle will play Spurs on their first day back in the league.
Opening day fixtures:
Arsenal v Leicester City
Brighton and Hove Albion v Manchester City
Chelsea v Burnley
Crystal Palace v Huddersfield Town
Everton v Stoke City
Manchester United v West Ham United
Newcastle United v Tottenham Hotspur
Southampton v Swansea City
Watford v Liverpool
West Bromwich Albion v Bournemouth
Final day fixtures:
Burnley v Bournemouth
Crystal Palace v West Bromwich Albion
Huddersfield Town v Arsenal
Liverpool v Brighton and Hove Albion
Manchester United v Watford
Newcastle United v Chelsea
Southampton v Manchester City
Swansea City v Stoke City
Tottenham Hotspur v Leicester City
West Ham United v Everton
The post Key Matches Of The 2017/18 Premier League Season appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LOS ANGELES — Lupita Nyong'o is hailing the “public, intimate conversation” about sexual misconduct in Hollywood and elsewhere.
The 34-year-old actress who wrote an essay in October detailing her experiences with Harvey Weinstein said she's been happy to see the growth since then of the #MeToo and Time's Up movements.
“It feels like the public story right now is very, very intimate. So whether or not it's a phone call that I'm receiving, I feel like the most important thing is the public, intimate conversation that is happening,” Nyong'o said Wednesday at the press junket for Marvel's superhero movie “Black Panther.”
“I am very encouraged by how we are all talking about sexual harassment, and just sexual conduct. You know — what are the lines? What are the lines, what are the signs?” Nyong'o said.
“I think that's a very, very healthy conversation for all of us to have — so we can get to a place where those kinds of things are no longer haunting — haunting us.”
BRAMPTON, Ont. — Police say four people were sent to hospital with non-life threatening injuries after being stabbed on a bus east of Toronto.
Peel regional police say they have charged a woman with four counts of attempted murder in connection with the stabbings, which took place Tuesday night in Brampton, Ont.
Officers say a 49-year-old Brampton man was taken to a Toronto trauma centre, while three Brampton women aged 28, 19 and 18 respectively were taken to a local hospital. Police say none of the injuries are life-threatening.
Police say Jade Nelson, 20, is being held in custody until a bail hearing scheduled to take place this morning.
(AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 1, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump speaks about the U.S. role in the Paris climate change accord in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington. A new Associated Pres...
By MATTHEW DALYAssociated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Trump administration intends to roll back the centerpiece of former President Barack Obama's efforts to slow global warming, seeking to ease restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions from coal-fired power plants.
In a plan expected to be made public in coming days, the Environmental Protection Agency declared the Obama-era rule exceeded federal law by setting emissions standards that power plants could not reasonably meet. The Associated Press obtained a copy of the 43-page document, which underscored the administration's bid to revive the struggling coal industry.
The EPA's new proposal would make good on President Donald Trump's campaign pledge to unravel Obama's efforts to curb global warming and follows Trump's promise to pull the United States out of the landmark Paris climate agreement. Nearly 200 countries have committed to combat global warming by reducing carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases that contribute to global warming.
The EPA won't prescribe an immediate replacement to the plan, but will seek public comment on whether to curb climate-warming emissions from coal and natural gas power plants.
A spokeswoman for EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt declined to comment Friday on the authenticity of the leaked document but said the Obama administration "pushed the bounds of their authority so far" that the U.S. Supreme Court issued a stay to prevent the Clean Power Plan from taking effect.
"Any replacement rule that the Trump administration proposes will be done carefully and properly within the confines of the law," EPA spokeswoman Liz Bowman said.
The Obama administration's cost-benefits analysis of the Clean Power Plan was "highly uncertain" in multiple areas, Bowman said, vowing that the Trump administration will present a range of scenarios to the public "in a robust, open and transparent way."
Obama's plan was designed to cut U.S. carbon dioxide emissions to 32 percent below 2005 levels by 2030. The rule dictated specific emission targets for states based on power-plant emissions and gave officials broad latitude to decide how to achieve reductions.
The Supreme Court put the plan on hold last year following a legal challenge by industry and coal-friendly states.
Even so, the plan has been a factor in a wave of retirements of coal-fired plants, which also are being squeezed by lower costs for natural gas and renewable power and state mandates promoting energy conservation.
Repealing the Clean Power Plan without a timeline or a commitment to propose a rule to reduce carbon pollution "isn't a step forward, it's a wholesale retreat from EPA's legal, scientific and moral obligation to address the threats of climate change,'" said former EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy.
While the Supreme Court has concluded that EPA is obligated to regulate greenhouse gases, "this administration has no intention of following the law," said McCarthy, who led the EPA when the Clean Power Plan was completed. "They are denying it just as they are denying the science. They're using stall tactics to defer action, ignoring the courts and the demands of the American people."
Industry groups cheered the planned repeal, saying it would reverse regulatory overreach by Obama and McCarthy.
"The Clean Power Plan represented an unlawful attempt to transform the nation's power grid ... and raise costs on American consumers," said Hal Quinn, president and CEO of the National Mining Association.
The Obama-era plan would have sharply reduced the number of coal-fired plants, making the grid more vulnerable to reliability concerns and increasing costs with "trivial environmental benefits," Quinn said.
The new plan will save an estimated 240 million tons of annual coal production and safeguard more than 27,000 mining jobs and almost 100,000 additional jobs throughout the supply chain, he said.
In the leaked document, the Trump administration argues that repealing the Clean Power Plan could spare an estimated $33 billion in compliance costs in 2030, arguing that the Obama administration overstated the rule's potential health benefits.
Previously, the EPA had estimated that by 2030 the Clean Power Plan would prevent 90,000 asthma attacks and up to 3,600 premature deaths a year.
The leaked document casts doubts on those numbers and says the EPA plans to perform updated modeling and analysis of health benefits and other impacts of the rule.
Liz Perera, climate policy director for the Sierra Club, said repealing the Clean Power Plan "is about one thing and one thing only: helping corporate polluters profit."
The plan was first reported by Bloomberg News.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Two years ago, Gage Kizzar's mother burst in waving a letter from Chapman University, shouting “Gage, Gage, you got it!”
When many of his peers were just researching the college application process, Kizzar knew he had a full-ride scholarship option to Chapman University secured, with the support to make the most of the experience.
Kizzar, now about to graduate from Orange High School, is one of the five inaugural scholars in the Simon STEM Scholarship Program, a partnership between Chapman, Orange High and the Simon Family Foundation.
The program offers scholarships covering tuition and housing to Chapman University to Orange High students interested in careers in science, technology, engineering and math. The program supports those who face personal or economic challenges on their road to college.
Scholars are selected based on their GPA. If they chose to attend a school other than Chapman, they will be eligible for a $16,000 scholarship.
Students start in the six-year program as juniors at Orange High, receiving computers, mentorship, college-level research experience and other support as they work toward and through college.
Kizzar said growing up in a single-parent household was a challenge and a motivator. He knew the path he didn't want to take.
“I started to do really well in school,” he said, “and I focused really hard on studying.”
Kizzar will start at Chapman in the fall. He said he plans to major in physics and wants to go into robotics work.
Chapman would have been financially out of the question without the scholarship, Kizzar said, to the point that his mom couldn't help but laugh when he first said he wanted to attend.
“Me and my mom don't really have that much money,” he said. “Finally having a time that I don't have to scrounge by – it just makes me so excited.”
For many scholars, the award does more than open financial doors.
Chelsey Cortes, an Orange High junior is one of four in her class chosen, said the scholarship is pushing her studies to new heights.
“It actually made me want to step up my game. I just wanted to prove myself, that they chose the right person,” Cortes said. “I think it helped me to realize that I can do great things if I set my mind to it.”
Cortes said she's long been charmed by the sciences, and sees a kind of magic in how cells combine to create larger constructs.
Upon finishing at Chapman, Cortes said she will be the first from her family to graduate college. She's taken an interest in both engineering and biology, and hopes to one day unite her passions as a bio-engineer.
By 2020, Kizzar and Cortes will be among 24 Simon STEM Scholars receiving nearly $1 million in support annually.
Other Simon Scholars graduating from Orange High this week are Angel Diaz, Nancy Gomez, Michael Juarez and Atmary Martinez.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
The planned revival of a policy dating to Ronald Reagan's presidency may finally present a way for President Donald Trump to fulfill his campaign promise to “defund” Planned Parenthood. Or at least to evict it from the federal family planning program, where it provides care to more than 40 percent of that program's 4 million patients.
Congress last year failed to wipe out funding for Planned Parenthood, because the bill faced overwhelming Democratic objections and would not have received the 60 votes needed to pass in the Senate.
But the imposition of a slightly retooled version of a regulation, which was upheld by the Supreme Court in 1991 after a five-year fight, could potentially accomplish what Congress could not.
The rule now under review, a summary of which was unofficially provided to news reporters last week, would require facilities receiving federal family planning funds to be physically separate from those that perform abortion; would eliminate the requirement that women with unintended pregnancies be counseled on their full range of reproductive options; and would ban abortion referrals.
All those changes would particularly affect Planned Parenthood.
Planned Parenthood, which provides a broad array of reproductive health services to women and men, also provides abortion services using non-federal funds. Cutting off funding has been the top priority for anti-abortion groups, which supported candidate Trump.
“A win like this would immediately disentangle taxpayers from the abortion business and energize the grassroots as we head into the critical midterm elections,” Marjorie Dannenfelser, president of the anti-abortion Susan B. Anthony List, said in a statement.
In a conference call with reporters last week, Planned Parenthood officials said they would fight the new rules.
“We've been very clear, Planned Parenthood has an unwavering commitment to ensuring everyone has access to the full range of reproductive health care, and that includes abortion,” said Dawn Laguens, executive vice president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America.
But when formally announcing the proposal Tuesday night, President Donald Trump said it would prevent American taxpayers from being “wrongfully forced to subsidize the abortion industry through Title X federal funding.”
Here is a guide to what the proposal could do and what it could mean for Planned Parenthood and the family planning program:
What Is Title X?
The federal family planning program, known as “Title Ten,” is named for its section in the federal Public Health Service Act. It became law in 1970, three years before the Supreme Court legalized abortion in Roe v Wade.
The original bill was sponsored by then Rep. George H.W. Bush (R-Texas) and signed into law by President Richard Nixon.
The program provides wellness exams and comprehensive contraceptive services, as well as screenings for cancer and sexually transmitted diseases for both women and men.
“We've been very clear, Planned Parenthood has an unwavering commitment to ensuring everyone has access to the full range of reproductive health care, and that includes abortion.” “We've been very clear, Planned Parenthood has an unwavering commitment to ensuring everyone has access to the full range of reproductive health care, and that includes abortion.”
In 2016, the most recent year for which statistics have been published, Title X served 4 million patients at just under 4,000 sites.
Title X patients are overwhelmingly young, female and low-income. An estimated 11 percent of Title X patients in 2016 were male; two-thirds of patients were under age 30; and nearly two-thirds had income below the federal poverty line.
What Is Planned Parenthood's Relationship To Title X And Medicaid?
Planned Parenthood affiliates account for about 13 percent of total Title X sites but serve an estimated 40 percent of its patients. Only about half of Planned Parenthood affiliates perform abortions, although the organization in its entirety is the nation's leading abortion provider.
Planned Parenthood also gets much more federal funding for services provided to patients on the Medicaid program (although not for abortion) than it does through Title X.
Eliminating Medicaid funding for Planned Parenthood has proven more difficult for lawmakers opposed to the organization because the federal Medicaid law includes the right for patients to select their providers. Changing that also would require a 60-vote majority in the Senate. So that particular line of funding is likely not at risk.
While opponents of federal funding for Planned Parenthood have said that other safety-net clinics could make up the difference if Planned Parenthood no longer participates in Title X, several studies have suggested that in many remote areas Planned Parenthood is the only provider of family planning services and the only provider that regularly stocks all methods of birth control.
Texas, Iowa and Missouri in recent years have stopped offering family planning services through a special Medicaid program to keep from funding Planned Parenthood. Texas is seeking a waiver from the Trump administration so that its program banning abortion providers could still receive federal funding. No decision has been made yet, federal officials said.
Why Is Planned Parenthood's Involvement With Title X Controversial?
Even though Planned Parenthood cannot use federal funding for abortions, anti-abortion groups claim that federal funding is “fungible” and there is no way to ensure that some of the funding provided for other services does not cross-subsidize abortion services.
Planned Parenthood has also been a longtime public target for anti-abortion forces because it is such a visible provider and vocal proponent of legal abortion services.
In the early 1980s, the Reagan administration tried to separate the program from its federal funding by requiring parental permission for teens to obtain birth control. That was followed by efforts to eliminate abortion counseling.
Starting in 2011, undercover groups accused the organization of ignoring sex traffickers and selling fetal body parts. Planned Parenthood denies the allegations.
What Happened The Last Time An Administration Tried To Move Planned Parenthood Out Of Title X?
In 1987, the Reagan administration proposed what came to be known as the “gag rule.” The new rule being proposed by the Trump administration will be similar although not identical to the Reagan-era proposal.
The original gag rule would have forbidden Title X providers from abortion counseling or referring patients for abortions, required physical separation of Title X and abortion-providing facilities and forbidden recipients from using nonfederal funds for lobbying, distributing information or in any way advocating or encouraging abortion. (The Planned Parenthood Federation of America, the umbrella group for local affiliates, has a separate political and advocacy arm, the Planned Parenthood Action Fund.)
Police said Herzberg was walking a bicycle across the street outside of the crosswalk when she was struck.
Cameras on the SUV captured video footage of the accident from both inside and outside the vehicle, Tempe Police Sgt. Ronald Elcock told reporters during a press conference Monday night.
"It will definitely assist in our investigation," he said.
The driver, who was not controlling the vehicle at the time of the accident, was identified as 44-year-old Rafael Vasquez.
Hours after the crash, Uber announced the suspension of all tests of its autonomous vehicles in Pittsburgh, Phoenix, San Francisco and Toronto.
"Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona," Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted. "We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened."
Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened. https://t.co/cwTCVJjEuz — dara khosrowshahi (@dkhos) March 19, 2018
A Twitter account for Uber's communications department said the ride-sharing company is cooperating with Tempe police.
Tempe Mayor Mark Mitchell released a statement saying that the city will investigate the accident.
"The City of Tempe has been supportive of autonomous vehicle testing because of the innovation and promise the technology may offer in many areas, including transportation options for disabled residents and seniors," Mitchell said in the statement. "Testing must occur safely. All indications we have had in the past show that traffic laws are being obeyed by the companies testing here. Our city leadership and Tempe police will pursue any and all answers to what happened in order to ensure safety moving forward.”
Self-driving cars have been hailed by technology companies as the wave of the future. Autonomous cars are already being tested in more than 30 cities around the world, with companies plowing more than $80 billion into research and development.
Self-driving cars work by using complex radar systems to observe the road, objects and other cars. That data is then fed into a computer that decides what the car should do next. Proponents of the technology have claimed that self-driving cars will make transportation safer.
"Everyone recognized that someone was going to die in a crash involving an autonomous vehicle eventually," Bryant Walker Smith, a law professor at the University of South Carolina who studies risks in automated driving systems, told NBC News.
"As good as that technology tries to be, mistakes can happen, or it may be one of the small fraction of crashes that cannot overcome the laws of physics and be avoided.
"I just think everybody kind of hoped that one wouldn't come this soon."
Smith added that because federal and state agencies don't have the resources to monitor individual vehicles, the onus for safety falls on the individual companies running the technology.
Self-driving cars have been involved in accidents before, including in Tempe. Uber previously suspended its testing in March 2017 after one of its autonomous cars was involved in an accident.
The National Transportation Safety Board announced that a four-person team has been sent to Tempe to investigate the crash.
