OAKLAND, Calif. -- For the second time in the last four years, the Cleveland Cavaliers enter the NBA Finals against the Golden State Warriors without All-Star Kevin Love as a lock to play in Game 1.
Love was still in the league's concussion protocol as of Wednesday afternoon when the Cavs arrived at Finals media day, preventing the forward from speaking to reporters, but he did participate in shooting drills with his teammates during the open portion of Cleveland's practice session. He missed the entire 2015 Finals after suffering a dislocated shoulder earlier in the playoffs.
When asked if Love would be able to play in Game 1 on Thursday (9 p.m. ET, ABC), Cavs coach Tyronn Lue said, "I hope so."
"I'm still not sure," Lue added. "He's going to go do some things today and see how he feels. But he is in the protocol still, so we'll see how he feels."
A Cavs spokesman told ESPN that Love has made progress through the protocol process after entering it four days ago, a consequence of a head-to-head collision with Boston Celtics rookie Jayson Tatum in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals.
The spokesman said there is a chance Love completes additional steps to advance through the protocol on Wednesday.
Prior to Game 7 of the conference finals on Sunday, Love told ESPN that he would not miss Game 1 of the Finals should the Cavs advance, however, that decision is out of his hands as the Cavs' medical staff has to clear him, under the direction of league-approved standards for concussion recovery.
Jeff Green filled in admirably in Love's absence, averaging 16.5 points, 5.5 rebounds and 1.5 blocks in the Cavs' wins in Games 6 and 7 over Boston, however Lue said that should Love be cleared to play, he will return to the starting lineup.
"I don't even think about that, whether I'm starting or not," Green said Wednesday. "I don't even think that far [ahead]. I just think about what I need to do to impact this series, to impact the game, to help my team. I mean, I think that's up to T-Lue and what's going to happen with Kev, I haven't asked about it.
"I know he looks great. So, whether it's starting or coming off the bench, I'm not concerned with that. My concern is how can I impact this series to help my team win a championship."
Love is averaging 13.9 points on 38.8 percent shooting, 10.0 rebounds and 1.6 assists per game during the 2018 postseason. In two regular-season matchups with Golden State this year, he averaged 24.0 points and 12.5 rebounds.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
WASHINGTON (AP) — Pentagon says it will allow transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite Trump's opposition.
Bono and the guys in U2 are big football fans, as in soccer.
So when they sang about "Sunday Bloody Sunday" and "New Year's Day," they had no intention of describing the end of the 2016 NFL season.
Yet, the firings of Chip Kelly and Trent Baalke in San Francisco, Mike McCoy in San Diego, and the resignation of Gary Kubiak for health reasons in Denver certainly rang true to those rock classics.
Usually, the axings take place the day after the regular season concludes. Except, of course, for the teams in a rush to get into the personnel market extra early, which in '16 were the Jaguars (Gus Bradley), Rams (Jeff Fisher) and Bills (Rex Ryan).
On Sunday, while other franchises were scrambling to make the playoffs or improve their postseason standing, the coaching carousel spun wildly in California. With Fisher already canned in Los Angeles, Kelly and McCoy became unemployed within an hour of each other.
Both moves were predictable, as was the release of Baalke, whose success as a GM with the 49ers now, it's clear, was dependent on how Jim Harbaugh molded and improved the players Baalke gave him. Baalke won a power struggle with Harbaugh, who headed to Michigan. The Niners became historically bad without him, and Baalke's choice of Kelly to work with such a weak roster looks worse than hiring caretaker Jim Tomsula after Harbaugh left. At least Tomsula went 5-11, three more victories than Kelly managed.
Indeed, his only wins in a 2-14 record came against the Rams, so maybe LA owner Stan Kroenke will turn to Kelly.
Don't count on it.
"Despite my feelings for Trent and Chip, I felt the decision to change our football leadership was absolutely necessary," 49ers CEO Jed York said in a statement. "The performance of this team has not lived up to my expectations or those of our fans, and that is truly disappointing. We all expected to see this team progress and develop as the season went on, but unfortunately that did not happen. That is why now is the time to find a new direction for this team."
The new direction for the Chargers looks like it will be north a bit to become a tenant of Kroenke and the Rams in the new Inglewood, California palace that will open in a few years. McCoy's team lost its last five games and finished second for two straight seasons in the tough AFC West. Injuries tore it apart, too, but with the focus on whether the Chargers would move to LA, it was hard to judge what kind of job McCoy was doing.
Apparently Chargers chairman Dean Spanos wants a totally fresh start when the club abandons its long-time home.
Which means both of the new teams in Los Angeles, which was without the NFL since 1995 until the Rams moved back last year, will be riding the coaching carousel.
More moves could be coming, too. Is Chuck Pagano safe in Indianapolis? Might the Saints do something with Sean Payton? What about Bears coach John Fox?
Safe for another year are Todd Bowles and Mike Maccagnan, who the Jets are bringing back. And Cleveland coach Hue Jackson, despite a 1-15 record. And Marvin Lewis despite the meltdown in Cincinnati.
The saddest news comes from Denver. Never was there a question about Gary Kubiak returning after leading the Broncos to their Super Bowl win last February. But Kubiak's health issues forced him to step aside, disappointing fans, players and John Elway alike.
"We love Kube, we love how he treated us," said cornerback Aqib Talib. "We pray he gets healthy."
Denver won't have any trouble filling Kubiak's spot. One of the hot candidates, for example, is Atlanta offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan, son of Mike Shanahan, who coached Elway to two Super Bowl championships.
Given how well Kubiak fit in the Broncos' family, such a hire makes a lot of sense.
Then again, sensibility isn't always a criterion in NFL coaching circles.
———
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP—NFL
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. (AP) — Tom Brady praised the Philadelphia Eagles, dropped the microphone and then walked off stage Monday to lead the New England Patriots on the road to the Super Bowl.
"It's going to be fun, it's going to be a lot of hard work, we're playing a great team, but I tell you what, we've got a locker room full of guys that are ready for the challenge," the Patriots' 40-year-old quarterback said at a sendoff rally outside Gillette Stadium attended by thousands of fans, some of whom arrived in the pre-dawn hours.
Brady, the last of several players to speak, praised the fans for their support all season.
"We got one more to go. We're going to go out there are try to win it for you guys. We love you. Patriots out!" he shouted to raucous cheers.
One fan dressed as a snowman while one wore a giant replica of a Super Bowl ring on his head. One woman carried a sign that read "Just like Tom Brady, this never gets old.'
After the rally, the team boarded buses for a short trip to T.F. Green Airport in Rhode Island for the flight to Minneapolis for Sunday's Super Bowl.
Dozens more fans gathered at the airport to see the team board the Patriots' plane, known as Air Kraft after team owner Bob Kraft. The Boeing 767 is painted with the team's logo and its five Lombardi trophies.
In Foxborough, the fans also heard from coach Bill Belichick, and several other players including receiver Danny Amendola and defensive back Duron Harmon, who prompted the crowd into chanting "MVP!" before introducing Brady.
Tight end Rob Gronkowski also appeared on stage, although he didn't speak. Fans hope that he'll be able to play in the Super Bowl after suffering a concussion in the AFC championship game against the Jacksonville Jaguars.
The crowd was kept entertained while waiting for the rally to start by the team's radio crew Bob Socci and Scott Zolak, as well as former player Jermaine Wiggins, a member of the 2001 championship team.
Fans also shared in 16-foot-by-12-foot Boston cream pie decorated with the words "Not Done," the team's motto for this Super Bowl made by Montilio's Baking Co., and cut into 4,000 pieces.
Penguins at the California Academy of Sciences were given hearts to build their nests.Every year handlers give out hearts to the African Penguins on Valentine's Day.It's a part of the "species survival plan" to grow the African Penguin population, which is considered endangered.
By Steve Silverman
» More Columns
When looking at NFL teams and trying to assess the reasons some of them have fallen below expectations through the first quarter of the season, there is a tendency to do quite a bit of over-analysis.
Instead of finding the issue and coming up with a simple solution, the usual way to address the situation is to change schemes or personnel groupings, and ask players to do things they haven't done before.
In many cases, those major changes aren't necessary. It's much more effective to find the key players and get them to improve their effort and production on the field.
Several key players have not gotten off to the start that was expected of them, and their teams have suffered as a result.
So, let's look at those players and how they can help turn things around for their respective teams.
Khalil Mack
The Oakland Raiders are 2-2, and the primary reason they have struggled is because their offense has not produced much over the two games.
However, that unit is not likely to pick it up in the next few weeks because quarterback Derek Carr suffered a fractured bone in his back and could miss significant time.
If the Raiders are going to hold their own while Carr is out and win more games than they lose, they need to get a championship-type effort from the defense.
So far, that has not been the case. The Raiders rank 20th in yards allowed and 24th against the run, and if Carr was healthy and the offense was functioning at a high level, the defense's deficiencies might not be all that worrisome.
Pass rusher Khalil Mack has to become the leader that he has been in the past and help raise the level of the Raiders' play on that side of the ball. Mack has four sacks this season, but he hasn't forced or recovered a fumble, and he has deflected just one pass.
He has to do more, and he has to inspire his teammates, starting with this week's game against Baltimore.
Ezekiel Elliott
The Dallas Cowboys were explosive on offense last year because running back Ezekiel Elliott and quarterback Dak Prescott were the team's rookie gold-dust twins who could do no wrong.
While Prescott played nearly error-free football and was happy to take what opposing defenses game him, Elliott was a game-breaking running back who rushed for 1,631 yards and averaged 5.1 per carry while pounding the ball into the end zone 15 times. He was also an excellent receiver, with 32 receptions for 363 yards and one TD.
Every time the Cowboys needed a big play, Elliott stepped up. He averaged at least 5.0 yards per carry in seven games in 2016, but has yet to do it once this season.
Elliott has not been running with the same reckless abandon that he did last year, and with a suspension hanging over his head, it's clear he is distracted. However, the NFL is a prove-it-to-me business, and he has to pick it up.
J.J. Watt
Much has been going right for the Houston Texans since they made rookie Deshaun Watson their starting quarterback.
In the past, the Houston defense, regularly led by all-everything J.J. Watt, was dominant. However, the team didn't win all that much because it didn't have the competent quarterback play needed to get the job done.
The Texans are just 2-2. They lost the first game of the season at home to Jacksonville before Watson was named the starter, and they lost their Week 3 matchup at New England. Watson did his part in that game, but the defense could not stop Tom Brady at key moments.
While that's not necessarily an indictment because Brady does that to nearly every opponent, Watt has not been the same player this year. He has just 13 tackles, two passes batted down and has yet to record a sack.
Watt injured his left ring finger in the Texans' Week 2 win over Cincinnati, but he has minimized the impact of that injury. He has to find a way to raise his level of play and get back to where he has been in the past.
Ndamukong Suh
The Miami Dolphins have been awful on offense over their last two games, as they scored one garbage time TD against the Jets and they were blanked by the New Orleans Saints.
The offense has problems with Jay Cutler at quarterback in place of injured Ryan Tannehill. It cannot continue for much longer.
But what about the defense, and, specifically, Ndamukong Suh? The defensive tackle is one of the most powerful and strongest players in the league, but he has been known for playing hard only when he wants to. He has a tendency to disappear for weeks at a time.
Suh has 12 tackles and one pass batted down, and has no sacks and hasn't forced or recovered a fumble. He does not seem fully engaged, and that has to change.
Odell Beckham, Jr.
The Giants are a winless team, and, obviously, are one of the league's biggest disappointments. Odell Beckham, Jr. is their most talented player, but was nearly invisible the first two weeks of the season. While he picked it up in Week 3 against the Philadelphia Eagles and in Week 4 against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Beckham does not display the consistency needed in the effort department to turn the Giants into winners.
Beckham's numbers are decent — 20 receptions for 202 yards and two touchdowns — but he has never shown the maturity or leadership that a great player should. Head coach Ben McAdoo has either unable to reach him or is afraid to show him who is boss. Until the multi-talented receiver takes his role more seriously, the Giants will continue to disappoint.
Please follow Steve on Twitter at @Profootballboy
Mrs. Reese, age 78, of Lebanon, died Sunday evening, Dec. 10, 2017 at the Hartsville Convalescent Center.
Born Feb. 24, 1939, she was the daughter of the late Taft and Minnie Belle Sandlin Drivers and was preceded in death by her husband, Hugh Reese.
Jerri is survived by her daughter, Michelle Milbauer; granddaughter, Ashley Moore; great-grandchildren, Brian, Alex and Isabelle; "adopted" son, Joe Moore; cousins, Faye Smith, Bobbye Young; and many other cousins.
Hunter Funeral Home in Watertown is in charge of arrangements, 615-237-9318.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
CHICAGO (AP) — Children with a rare, incurable disease that causes rapid aging and early death may live longer if treated with an experimental drug first developed for cancer patients.
That's according to small, preliminary study in 27 kids with progeria. The benefit was small: Treated children were more likely to survive during the two-year study than children who didn't get the drug.
But some kids taking the drug lonafarnib (lohn-uh-FAR-nib) in this and other studies have lived into their late teens. The researchers say the results suggest a potential breakthrough for a heartbreaking condition.
The drug helps disable a protein that accumulates abnormally in progeria and causes cell damage. The genetic disease affects about 1 in 20 million people.
The study was published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A top Republican congressman, members of the U.S. Capitol Police, a congressional aide and a lobbyist were injured when a gunman opened fire at a baseball practice. The assailant later died after the incident.
— Rep. Steve Scalise, R-La., House Majority Whip and third in leadership. Elected in 2008, he represents a district in Louisiana that includes New Orleans suburbs and the southwest part of the state.
— Matt Mika, former aide to Rep. Tim Walberg, R-Mich., who said Mika is a graduate of Adrian College and a former baseball player who worked as a volunteer at Wednesday's practice to help the congressional team get ready for the game. His family released a statement saying paramedics told them Mika was shot multiple times and is in critical condition. Mika is director of government relations for Tyson Foods Washington, D.C., office and has worked for the company for more than six years.
— Zachary Barth, legislative aide for Republican Rep. Roger Williams of Texas. Williams says Barth is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery.
— Special Agents David Bailey and Crystal Griner, members of the U.S. Capitol Police whose actions Speaker Paul Ryan credited with saving lives.
The shooter in the attack has been identified as James. T. Hodgkinson, a resident of Illinois. After an exchange of gunfire with police, the shooter died.
The mother of a young woman injured when a car plowed into a group of people protesting a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, Saturday, called her daughter "my hero."
Natalie Romero, 20, had just completed her freshman year at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, her mother, Ericka Chaves, said at a news conference today in Houston, Texas.
Chaves said that Romero, one of the many injured in the Saturday crash that killed one person, was left with a fracture in her skull, a badly damaged lip and a gash on her forehead.
Chaves said Romero's injuries are non-life-threatening and she is getting better but is not yet able to talk.
Chaves said she told her daughter, "I love you. I want you home. Don't cry."
The crash that killed a young woman and injured people including Chaves took place at a United the Right rally protesting Charlottesville's plan to remove a Confederate statue from a local park.
The rally was attended by neo-Nazis, skinheads and Ku Klux Klan members, and the white nationalists were met with hundreds of counter-protesters, which led to street brawls and violent clashes.
Yin Bogu/Xinhua/Newscom
James Alex Fields Jr., 20, is accused of plowing into counter-protesters, including Chaves. He has been charged with second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count related to leaving the scene. He was denied bail this morning as he secures an attorney.
Chaves said her daughter told her she was going to protest the rally and she warned her to be careful. She said Romero sent her Snapchats while there.
On Friday night, Romero and her friends were at the university when people started throwing torches at the group, Chaves said. Romero and her group were also confronted on Saturday while marching and singing, Chaves said, claiming that police did not intervene.
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer today defended the police response, telling ABC News, "We had a thousand law enforcement personnel on the ground, in a city of 50,000 people, to deal with, thousands of people coming here. I am not going to criticize or second-guess our police."
After President Donald Trump was criticized this weekend for not labeling the ramming an act of terrorism or denouncing the white supremacists, instead calling the incident "violence on many sides," the president today condemned hate groups, including white supremacists, saying, "racism is evil."
Chaves said today at the news conference, “I don't want President Trump's words. I want actions.”
Chaves said she is hoping today or Tuesday to learn if her daughter is well enough to travel via medical ambulance to Houston.
Chaves said her family is reaching out to government officials to help facilitate her daughter's travel back to Texas as the family does not have the funds to do so.
Signer told ABC News today while this weekend was "painful," "we're not going to let them define us."
"They're not going to tell our story," he said. "We're going to tell our story. And outsiders -- their time has come and gone. This city is back on their feet and we're gonna be better than ever despite this weekend."
Signer compared his hopes for Charlottesville's recovery to the aftermath of Charleston church shooting in June 2015 that killed nine people. The gunman in that attack wanted to start a race war, but the tragedy instead united the city.
"There's a memorial right now in front of Charlottesville City Hall that's flowers and a heart that talks about the love that we have here. Those are the images that are going to replace these horrific ones from this weekend. That's the work that we have as a country," Signer said. "That's what happened in Charleston. There were those horrible images of those people bloodied and killed and weeping from the church. But they were replaced quickly, steadily, by the work that started to happen. By people who said, 'You're not going to tell our story for us. We're going to tell our story.'
"And that's what's happening in this community. That's my work as the mayor here -- is not to allow these hateful people who just don't get this country to define us," he said. "And they're not going to define us."
ABC News' Eva Pilgrim, Allie Marzella and Allie Busalacchi contributed to this report.
It's been just over a year since Microsoft swallowed the career networking site LinkedIn. That's long enough to start asking: Was the $27 billion deal worth it?
Critics warned at the time of the deal that Microsoft was overpaying for a declining business. Others argued that Microsoft's largest-ever acquisition fit into a strategy of building up the company's Office suite of workplace productivity products and its cloud-computing business.
"I don't think we'll know for a couple years if this will really pay off, but the signs thus far are positive," said Jillian Ryan, an analyst for eMarketer.
Most people who use LinkedIn to connect with colleagues or search for career opportunities could be forgiven if they haven't noticed many changes since the acquisition closed in December 2016.
LinkedIn's longtime CEO Jeff Weiner continues to hold that title. Its co-founder, Reid Hoffman, now sits on Microsoft's board. The LinkedIn brand is operating with a "great level of autonomy," Ryan said.
"Microsoft hasn't really intervened that much, considering the vast scope and price tag of this integration," she said.
Microsoft on Wednesday posted second-quarter revenue of $28.92 billion, a 12 percent increase over the same quarter a year earlier. LinkedIn's contribution to quarterly revenue was $1.3 billion, the highest it's been since the acquisition closed in December 2016, though it's still too early to compare year-over-year growth.
Microsoft also reported a loss of $6.3 billion, tied to a $13.8 billion tax charge related to the new federal tax law signed in December.
LinkedIn boasts of more than 530 million users on its professional network, most of whom use it for free. But the service also contributes to Microsoft's bottom line through its three business divisions. The biggest, dubbed "talent solutions," helps recruiters attract and find jobs for workers. It also makes money from advertisements on its platform and offers paid subscriptions for online courses and premium access on its network.
Another of LinkedIn's co-founders and its first chief technology officer, Eric Ly, said in an interview Wednesday that this is "really just the beginning" of what LinkedIn could offer as Microsoft taps into the professional network's database of work histories and other detailed information that users share about themselves.
"There was a lot of value in the data alone," said Ly, who now runs a new company called Hub. "Microsoft's going to be able to recoup its investments and get a lot more back."
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella also says the integration fits into a larger strategy. In an autobiography published last year , he wrote that he has a "bias" for driving investment toward advancing services such as LinkedIn and Office that help people create and "become more productive rather than software that is simply entertaining — memes for conspicuous consumption."
Ontario's police watchdog has cleared an OPP officer of any wrongdoing in the roadside arrest of a big-rig driver who evaded police before being pulled from his cab on the outskirts of London.
Elgin OPP responded to multiple reports of a possible impaired driver operating a transport truck on the Highway 401 eastbound lanes southwest of London on Feb. 28, 2017. Police located the transport, which was seen swerving across the lanes and shoulders, and tried to pull it over, but the driver wouldn't stop, the Special Investigations Unit (SIU) said in a report released Monday.
Police followed the truck for more than 40 kilometres on the highway until they were able to bring traffic to a stop near Colonel Talbot Road in London. There officers yanked the driver from the cab. There was a brief struggle, during which one officer struck the man in the back twice, before he was handcuffed, said the SIU.
The 38-year-old driver complained of a sore foot and was later taken to the hospital, where it was determined he had a fractured heel, an injury that would require surgery, said the SIU, which assigned four investigators to probe the actions of a single officer.
The man provided a breath sample that showed he had more than twice the legal blood-alcohol limit. Investigators also found an open 40-ounce bottle of whiskey in the cab, the report noted.
SIU director Tony Loparco ruled the truck driver, who was only wearing one shoe when he was arrested, likely injured his foot when he was pulled from cab and landed on the pavement.
“I have no difficulty finding in these circumstances, where there has been a lengthy operation attempting to bring the complainant's motor vehicle to a safe stop after his failure to stop for police, and where traffic is now backed up on Highway 401 as a result of the eventual stop, that there would have been some urgency to get the complainant out of his cab, handcuffed and taken away . . . ” Loparco wrote in his report to Ontario's attorney general.
“I am therefore satisfied on reasonable grounds on this record that the actions exercised by the police officers fell within the limits prescribed by the criminal law and there are no grounds for proceeding with charges in this case.”
Created in 1990, the SIU probes civilian death or serious injury involving police and allegations of sexual assault against officers.
dcarruthers@postmedia.com
twitter.com/DaleatLFPress
Actress and former talk show host Ricki Lake has revealed that her ex-husband has died at age 45 after a lifelong battle with bipolar disorder.
Lake shared the tragic news Tuesday by posting a photo of the two of them on Instagram, with the caption, "It is with a heavy heart that I share that my beloved soulmate, Christian Evans has passed."
She continued, "The world didn't understand this man, but I did. He succumbed to his lifelong struggle with bipolar disorder. For anyone who has ever lost a family member or friend to mental illness, my heart goes out to you."
Lake, 48, wrote that she is a "greater person" for knowing her ex and spending "6 and a half years" with him.
"He was a man of love and what mends my broken heart today knows that he is finally at peace and his spirit is free," she added. "Rest in peace, my love."
They were engaged in August 2011 and eloped in 2012. Lake separated from Evans Oct. 9, 2014, and she filed for divorce a week later, citing irreconcilable differences.
Lake was previously married to Rob Sussman, and they have two sons named Milo, who is 19, and Owen, who is 15.
Royal Bank CEO David McKay dined with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau just hours after a huge deal to buy the Kinder Morgan pipeline project was announced Tuesday.
But youth unemployment, not pipelines was the crux of the conversation.
“We spent five minutes talking about the oil pipeline he just bought; we spent more time talking about the future of youth,” said McKay.
We are seeing more jobs, not fewer jobs, but they are different from the way we used work David McKay
The head of Canada's largest bank says bridging the gap between available jobs and people who don't have skills, experience or connections to fill them is vital to boosting the national economy.
McKay was in London Wednesday to promote Future Launch, the bank's 10-year, $500 million program to support community-based youth training and employment programs.
McKay toured Goodwill Industries and then told a roundtable that one of the reasons Canada has outperformed other G7 countries in growth is the higher proportion of women and immigrants participating in the workforce.
He said RBC economists have calculated that boosting the number of young people in the workforce could boost the GDP by almost half a point.
It's an issue especially relevant to London. Don Kerr, a demographer at Western University, has determined that about 25 per cent of working-age London residents are not working or looking for work, the highest proportion of any large Canadian city.
The roundtable was made up of people from agencies such as Goodwill, Youth Opportunities Unlimited and the YMCA that run youth employment and training programs that are eligible for grants from the RBC Future Launch program.
Representative of those agencies, who were members of the Indigenous, immigrant and special needs communities, told their personal tales of barriers they faced in the job market.
While many jobs are being eliminated, McKay said many more are being created but require technical skills and soft skills such as critical thinking and problem-solving.
At Goodwill Industries where RBC CEO Dave Mackay speaking on the bank's $500 million Future Launch job training program pic.twitter.com/ehrhIWkKs9 — Hank Daniszewski (@HankatLFPress) May 30, 2018
“We are seeing more jobs, not fewer jobs, but they are different from the way we used work,” said McKay.
He said technology is radically changing the nature of work available, putting more workers on the sidelines as universities, colleges and training programs struggle to adjust.
“We now have students in their 30s and 40s going back to school to retrain. In Canada and the United States we are seeking people getting left behind at all ages,” he said
McKay said even when youth acquire skills, they also need opportunities to gain experience and contacts to find jobs. He said the process has to be “democratized” through more intern and co-op programs.
“So many jobs are going to people who know somebody. It builds up this pillar that is so hard to access.”
hdaniszewski@postmedia.com
twitter.com/HankatLFPress
Don't expect designer babies any time soon — but a major new ethics report leaves open the possibility of one day altering human heredity to fight genetic diseases, with stringent oversight, using new tools that precisely edit genes inside living cells.
What's called genome editing already is transforming biological research, and being used to develop treatments for patients struggling with a range of diseases.
The science is nowhere near ready for a huge next step that raises ethical questions — altering sperm, eggs or embryos so that babies don't inherit a disease that runs in the family, says a report Tuesday from the National Academy of Sciences and National Academy of Medicine.
But if scientists learn how to safely pass alterations of the genetic code to future generations, the panel said "germline" editing could be attempted under strict criteria, including that it targets a serious disease with no reasonable alternative and is conducted under rigorous oversight.
"Caution is absolutely needed, but being cautious does not mean prohibition," said bioethicist R. Alta Charo of the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
"This committee is not saying we will or should do germline — heritable — editing. What we are saying is that we can identify a set of strict conditions under which it would be permissible to do it," Charo added. "But we are far, far away from being ready to try."
Genome editing should not go beyond healing the sick and enhance traits such as physical strength, what's commonly called "designer babies," the panel stressed.
But the public should get involved in these debates now, to say what might one day be acceptable.
The long-awaited report offers advice — the prestigious academies cannot set policy. But it is considered a step toward creating international norms for responsible development of this powerful technology. The U.S. National Academies and its counterparts in Britain and China have been holding international meetings with the hope of doing just that.
"Genome editing is a new tool for gene therapy and it has tremendous promise," Charo said. But, she added, it has to be pursued in a way that promotes well-being and is responsible, respectful and fair.
Genome editing is essentially a biological version of cut-and-paste software, allowing scientists to turn genes on or off, repair or modify them inside living cells. There are a few older methods but one with the wonky name CRISPR-Cas9 is so much faster, cheaper and simpler to use that it has spurred an explosion of research.
Under development are ways to treat a range of diseases from sickle cell and hemophilia to cancer. In lab experiments using human cells or animals engineered with humanlike
e disorders, scientists are unraveling how gene defects fuel disease — and are even trying to grow transplantable human organs inside pigs.
That kind of research is very promising, is adequately regulated today and should continue at full speed, the National Academies panel concluded.
When it comes to the more sci fi-sounding uses, it's quite possible scientists will learn how to perform germline editing in five to 10 years, said panel co-chair Richard Hynes of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Safety is one reason for caution, he said, as scientists will have to learn whether editing one gene has unwanted downstream effects.
Some critics argue that families plagued by inherited diseases already have other alternatives — adopt, use donated eggs, or undergo in vitro fertilization and discard resulting embryos that inherit the bad gene. But Charo noted that sometimes parents carry two copies of a lethal gene, guaranteeing any children inherit it. Others oppose the discarding of embryos for religious reasons.
For some families, "you can see there would be strong arguments for doing it" if the other criteria are met, said Robin Lovell-Badge of Britain's Francis Crick Institute.
Some countries prohibit any germline editing research. Others, such as Britain, allow laboratory research with genome editing in embryos, not for pregnancy but to understand human development.
In the U.S., scientists can perform laboratory embryo research only with private, not government, funding. Any attempt at pregnancy would require permission from the Food and Drug Administration, which is currently prohibited from using federal funds to review any such request.
"The bottom line is there is no planetary government with enforcement power," Charo noted Tuesday.
Retired Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn this week resigned from his position as national security adviser amid revelations that he misrepresented the nature of his phone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the United States.
Even though Flynn is out, Democrats and critics are calling for investigations and question whether he violated the Logan Act, a law dating back to 1799, which prohibits unauthorized individuals from communicating with foreign governments.
House Democrats on the Oversight and Government Reform committee Tuesday sent a letter to chairman Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, asking him to reconsider launching an investigation into Flynn and his ties to Russia as the congressman advised critics to “move on” and not to “dwell on the situation or pile on.”
The White House has cited an “eroding level of trust” in Flynn and not illegal activity to explain why President Trump asked for his resignation, adding that its counsel had determined there were no legal issues.
But the letter from Democrats, citing media reports, says Flynn “secretly discussed with the Russian ambassador, in possible violation of the Logan Act, sanctions imposed by President Obama.”
Here's an explanation of the 218-year-old law:
What is the Logan Act?
The Logan Act was signed into law Jan. 30, 1799, by President John Adams, the second U.S. president.
The measure, amended in 1994, states that any U.S. citizen without authority who “directly or indirectly” communicates with a foreign government, officer or agent in dispute with the United States “shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both.”
The Logan Act was named after George Logan, a doctor and friend of then-Vice President Thomas Jefferson who negotiated with France in 1798 without authorization from the president. After the French Revolution, France and the United States had tensions that President Adams tried but failed to smooth over.
When Logan arrived in France unauthorized and was successful in easing the tensions, Adams recommended Congress put an end to the “temerity and impertinence of individuals affecting to interfere in public affairs between France and the United States.”
Why some critics argue Flynn is in violation of the Logan Act
Trump named Flynn as his national security adviser Nov. 18. Before Trump was sworn in as president, Flynn had discussed sanctions with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak the same day the measure were imposed by the Obama administration, current and former U.S. officials confirmed to ABC News last week.
What the White House is saying
The White House counsel conducted a “thorough review” to determine whether there were any legal issues with Flynn's actions and concluded there were not, according to White House press secretary Sean Spicer.
“There was nothing that the general did that was a violation of any sort,” Spicer said of Flynn in a press briefing Tuesday. “He was well within his duties to discuss issues of common concerns between the two countries.”
Is Flynn in violation of the Logan Act?
“This is not a statute that we actually ever use today. Ever,” University of Texas law professor Stephen Vladeck told ABC News.
“I think the Logan Act is a red herring and I think it's a red herring for a couple of different reasons. One: It's almost never been used in the 218 years it's on the books. There's never been an actual conviction under the statute,” Vladeck said. “Two: It raises serious constitutional questions that I think would dissuade even the most zealous prosecutor from trying a case under the Logan Act.”
Philip Holloway, a legal analyst and former constitutional law adjunct professor, elaborated.
“There are a number of reasons why Lt. Gen. Flynn would not face criminal prosecution of the Logan Act. First reason is that most people agree that it's unconstitutional. It's unconstitutional in at least two ways. In my view the first is that it violates the First Amendment, which, of course, protects freedom of speech and freedom of association,” Holloway told ABC News.
The second reason, according to Holloway, is that the Logan Act is also unconstitutionally vague.
“Vagueness is one reason that courts sometimes will strike down laws. Criminal laws need to be specific enough so that someone will know when they're in violation of it,” Holloway said.
Former Deputy Attorney Assistant General Tom Dupree Jr. told ABC News, “Like many federal criminal laws, this statute is drafted exceedingly broadly. Unlike other criminal laws, you don't have a rich body judicial precedent to narrow the scope of the law. All that said, I think a Logan Act prosecution would likely face serious constitutional difficulties.”
Even hypothetically, legal analyst Holloway said he “could not stand in court and make the argument that that is a private person” because Flynn was an official member of the Trump transition team and national security adviser appointee at the time of his conversations with Kislyak.
Professor Vladeck said, “It's not clear to me that a member of the transition team like Gen. Flynn is even violating the Logan Act in so far it's not clear that he's acting ‘without the authority of the United States.'”
So why does the Logan Act keep coming up?
“It's an easy branch to reach for if you're trying to criticize a political opponent on more than just policy grounds,” Vladeck said.
Apart from apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence, Vladeck said, there could be “a real potential issue” if he misrepresented information to the FBI.
“Because whereas the Logan Act may be an [anachronism],” Vladeck said, “the federal false statements statute is not.”
He added, “But you would need the Department of Justice to want to pursue such a prosecution.”
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – You have probably heard of so-called “helicopter parents.”
They tend to be overprotective and hover around their kids almost all the time.
Now as CBS2's Elise Finch reports, a new group of “hoverers” is emerging: “helicopter children.” They're adult kids who control their elderly parents' every move.
Caring for an elderly parent can be difficult – physically, financially and emotionally.
“It's scary as a kid to watch your parent fail,” one woman told Finch.
In order to cope, some adult children try to dictate what their elderly parents do each day – their medical care, what they eat, where they go and how they get there.
“I'll take the keys from my parents. I'll call Con Edison and have their gas turned off. But a lot of people don't have the strength to look their parent in the eye and put their foot down,” one man said.
As people live longer, more and more adult children find themselves putting their foot down and hovering.
Some older parents don't mind.
“I translate it as they're concerned,” said one man.
“It's been a little pushy at times, but I've found that the input has been very helpful, and their caring makes me feel safe,” a woman agreed.
Some elderly people say even if they are not able to do what they once did, they don't appreciate being treated like children.
“Right now, I'm not getting any respect. That's a fact,” one woman said.
People Finch spoke with said there's a very fine line between caring for your aging parent and trying to control them.
“There are kind ways to do it, like when she tells you at 92 I think I can still drive, we're like OK mom we'll see,” said Doris Neugebauer. “And you find little steps you can take to make it more accepting for her.”
Dr. Gisele Wolf-Klein, director of geriatric education at Northwell Health, says the amount of control an adult child should have over their elderly parent's life comes down to one thing: cognitive ability.
“If they are cognitively intact, whatever it is that they want to do, they should be doing,” she said. “We owe the elderly respect and dignity and decision making until the very end.”
Wolf-Klein also said as long as an elderly parent is thinking clearly, he or she should always be allowed to participate in their own care and offer their opinion on how to resolve issues, even if they're forgetful or accident-prone.
SCHAUMBURG, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--EtherNet/IP™ encoders from Leine & Linde are available for oil and gas equipment applications, as they are certified for use in ATEX/IECEx zone 1/21 - areas where a high level of protection is needed such as in atmospheres with gas and dust. These encoders will be on exhibit at the upcoming Offshore Technology Conference (OTC) held April 30 – May 3 in Houston, Texas ( Booth #1705 ) .
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005237/en/
Leine & Linde EtherNet/IP™ encoders are available for oil and gas equipment applications (Photo: Business Wire)
Useful in all hazardous or explosive environments, the Leine & Linde singleturn rotaryEx 647 encoders and the multiturn Ex 648 are both available with solid shaft or hollow-shaft mounting to fit well into the oil and gas industry applications. The reliability of Leine & Linde encoders is well established and appreciated, especially among the most physically demanding industry applications.
Leine & Linde is a pre-qualified supplier for oil and gas industries, listed on the Achilles FPAL and JQS supplier lists. EtherNet/IP™ is one of the most widespread communication protocols for industry solutions where accuracy, flexibility, and high-speed performance are vital factors. EtherNet/IP is a trademark of ODVA, Inc.
Leine & Linde's EtherNet/IP™encoder functionality:
Encoder device profile 0x22 Cycle time can be as low as 1 ms Supports up to 64-bit data Ready-to-use assemblies Position Scaling: free, binary and non-binary Preset functionality Speed limits: low and high Acceleration limits: low and high Position limits: low and high Boot loader for firmware upgrade and IP search included
More information on these encoders is available online here.
Leine & Linde is based in Sweden with exclusive North American distribution through HEIDENHAIN CORPORATION in Schaumburg, IL. Leine & Linde is well known for offering high quality, heavy-duty encoders of both the incremental and absolute type, are noted for their product robustness and design to cope with the harshest of environments, such as those with high vibration, dirt and cold temperatures. These heavy, severe duty encoders are suited for drive and measurement applications and are often found in industries such as pulp and paper, forest and wood processing, agriculture, aggregate and mining equipment.
More information is available from North American Product Specialist Jonathan Dougherty at 847-519-4218 or .
Image Available for Download here:
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005237/en/
CONTACT: HEIDENHAIN CORPORATION
Jonathan Dougherty, 847-519-4218
North American Product Specialist
jdougherty@heidenhain.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ILLINOIS TEXAS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENERGY OIL/GAS TECHNOLOGY HARDWARE INTERNET MANUFACTURING OTHER MANUFACTURING
SOURCE: HEIDENHAIN CORPORATION
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:34 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:34 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005237/en
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J. (AP) — New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy has named a new director for the embattled transit agency that he recently termed "a national disgrace."
Kevin Corbett awaits approval by the New Jersey Transit board.
Corbett is an executive with AECOM, an international infrastructure consulting firm. Previously, Corbett oversaw the economic redevelopment of Lower Manhattan after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. He also has served on the board of the Regional Plan Association, a transportation think tank.
Corbett said Tuesday he welcomes the challenge and said an immediate step that could improve performance would be to improve accountability when trains suffer equipment problems.
Murphy, a Democrat, recently ordered a top-to-bottom audit of NJ Transit, an agency that has been plagued by frequent delays, safety issues and management defections.
___
Sell-off in industrial, tech stocks sends Dow down 400
NEW YORK (AP) — After a strong start, U.S. stocks abruptly sold off Tuesday after machinery maker Caterpillar said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 619 points as investors feared that rising oil prices and other costs will slow down growth in company profits.
___
US sales of new homes shot up 4 percent in March
WASHINGTON (AP) — Sales of new U.S. homes jumped 4 percent in March, propelled by a surge of buying in the West. The Commerce Department says sales last month were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 694,000. The two prior months had their sales revised upward with the annual rate being 667,000 in February and 644,000 in January. For the first three months of the year, sales are running 10.3 percent higher than a year ago.
___
Southwest has been faced with fines, union safety complaints
DALLAS (AP) — Until last week, Southwest Airlines had a string of 47 years without a passenger dying in an accident. But it has also paid millions in fines over safety. Recently its mechanics union accused the airline of taking shortcuts. Some analysts, however, consider it a safe airline. Its safety record is coming under scrutiny after an engine failure at 32,000 feet last week hurled shrapnel at a Southwest jet, breaking a window and killing a passenger.
___
Lawmakers: EPA security chief improperly runs outside firm
WASHINGTON (AP) — Democratic lawmakers say the security chief for Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt has been operating an outside consulting firm without proper approval from ethics officials. Pasquale "Nino" Perrotta was tapped by Pruitt last year to lead his 20-member personal protective detail. Perrotta also is the top executive at Sequoia Security Group. The Democratic lawmakers want an agency ethics official to examine whether Perrotta's outside employment violates agency rules.
___
Senator warns bankers that Dodd-Frank relief could stall
WASHINGTON (AP) — Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia is warning bankers that legislation rolling back financial rules put in place after the 2008 economic crisis could stall. Warner says legislation revamping the law known as Dodd-Frank "will not pass if it comes back to the Senate" for another vote. His comments are a warning shot to House Republicans. They want to amend Senate-passed legislation that would provide regulatory relief for banks.
___
Ex-Yahoo paying $35M to settle SEC charges over 2014 hack
WASHINGTON (AP) — The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history. The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, now called Altaba after its email and other digital services were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. The company neither admitted nor denied the allegations.
___
Consumer watchdog becomes alphabet soup of controversy
NEW YORK (AP) — The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is dead. Long live the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. That's the message the Trump administration is pushing, at least, in what on the surface seems like a minor tweak to the name of the federal consumer watchdog agency created after the Great Recession. But critics see it as a not-so-subtle effort to telegraph the abrupt ideological turn the bureau has taken since Trump-appointee Mick Mulvaney became acting director last year.
___
Burger King grows; Tim Hortons to get makeover
NEW YORK (AP) — A new burger and a spicy chicken sandwich sold well at Burger King, helping boost profits for its owner Restaurants Brands. But the company's other chain, Tim Hortons, didn't do as well, and Restaurant Brands plans to remodel those stores to try to get more people to come in to buy its coffee and doughnuts.
___
Trump says Mnuchin will travel to China amid trade dispute
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin will soon travel to China for talks as the two global economic powers deal with trade tensions. Trump says during a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron that Mnuchin will be going to China "in a few days to negotiate on trade." Trump says the U.S. and China are "very serious" and is reiterating plans to impose tariffs up to $100 billion more on Chinese goods.
___
The S&P 500 index sank 35.73 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,634.56. The Dow Jones industrial average finished with a loss of 424.56 points, or 1.7 percent, to 24,024.13. The Nasdaq composite dropped 121.25 points, or 1.7 percent, to 7,007.35. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks declined 8.84 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,553.28.
Benchmark U.S. crude oil shed 1.4 percent to $67.70 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 1.1 percent to $73.86 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline lost 1.4 percent to $2.09 a gallon. Heating oil dipped 0.6 percent to $2.13 a gallon. Natural gas rose 1.5 percent to $2.78 per 1,000 cubic feet.
By Jason Keidel
» More Columns
For three quarters on Sunday afternoon, the Giants stuck right with the Dallas Cowboys.
Despite 12 games of epic injuries and incompetence, which had left several vocational corpses in its wake, from fired head coach Ben McAdoo to just-as-out-of-work general manager Jerry Reese, Big Blue was right with the superior Cowboys, who have more to play with and play for.
Then the fourth quarter started and a taut 10-10 tie morphed into a 30-10 rout. There was nothing fancy about the way Dallas did it, either. Simply, the Cowboys had an extra gear and the Giants didn't.
Even without suspended running back Ezekiel Elliott, the Cowboys (7-6) had more than enough to vanquish the downtrodden Giants. Take future Hall of Fame tight end Jason Witten, for example.
Witten doesn't catch that many passes anymore, but when he does he seem to do it in the end zone. To give his career some context, consider this: Of Witten's 1,141 career receptions, 154 have come against the Giants.
For a Cowboys team almost impossible to root for, Witten is the rare ray of sunshine for a franchise that always goes dark well before the Super Bowl. If you don't know his story, Witten had a rather turbulent childhood that eventually morphed into a stellar professional career that will almost certainly land him in Canton some day.
There were no such heartwarming narratives on the other sideline. The Giants (2-11) are an absolute, abject mess. It felt like they were a unit on Sunday for about 45 minutes, as they traded blows with the Cowboys, using a stout defense and an occasional passing game that had been taped together with retreads and neophytes. It wasn't a matter of coaching, of tactics or execution on Sunday, the Giants just stink right now.
You saw the fourth-quarter wreckage. Someone named Rod Smith — not the great former Broncos wideout, mind you — gallop for a long touchdown. Quarterback Dak Prescott seemed to have his way with Big Blue's defense from there, tossing two of his three TDs in the final quarter. Prescott finished with 332 passing yards, completing 20 of his 30 throws (66 percent), for a robust 137.1 rating.
Smith didn't just have the 45-yard scoring run. He also had an 81-yard scoring reception. Of Smith's 160 total yards, only 47 came on the ground. He was Dallas' leading receiver on this day, besting even Dez Bryant, who had a 50-yard highlight-reel catch-and-run TD of his own. In all, eight Cowboys caught passes.
On the other side, Wayne Gallman led the Giants in rushing with a pedestrian 59 yards. Evan Engram led Big Blue in receiving, with four bland catches for 54 yards, including 35 on one grab.
Making matters worse for Big Blue was the fact that Cowboys' all-world linebacker Sean Lee was everywhere. As if there were two of him on the field, Lee had 18 tackles, and seemed to amaze fans, friends, and FOX's broadcast duo.
In a painful reminder that the Giants' season has melted into indifference and ignominy, there were thousands of Cowboys fans in the stands. When Witten scored his touchdown, it almost sounded like the game was being played in Dallas.
And, of course, we had Eli Manning, who was coming off the epic embarrassment of being benched after 210 straight starts. And it was done for no other reason than McAdoo and Reese feeling like they had nothing else to do. I mean, benching a potential Hall of Famer for Geno Smith? Why not?
No, Manning didn't come back with a bang. He didn't short-circuit the scoreboard. But it was hard to expect much from him without his two best receivers, little to no running game, and a patchwork offensive line. Still, it was good to see Manning under center, where he belongs, where he had been every week, every game, every snap since 2004.
The Giants don't belong in the playoffs, or in contention, but at least they didn't embarrass themselves … for three quarters, anyway.
Please follow Jason on Twitter at @JasonKeidel
BRUSSELS (AP) — European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini is meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to address the issues of Jerusalem as Israel's capital and the chances of reinvigorating negotiations on the peace process.
Mogherini has joined many EU leaders in expressing disapproval of the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital. She said during a joint media address Monday that "the only realistic solution to the conflict between Israel and Palestine is based on two states with Jerusalem as the capital of both."
Netanyahu insisted that what U.S. President Donald Trump did was "put facts squarely on the table. Peace is based on reality."
He said the reality of seeing Jerusalem as Israel's capital "doesn't obviate peace, it makes peace possible."
A 92-year-old woman is charged with murder after deputies say she fatally shot her own son because she thought he wanted to move her to an assisted living facility.The Maricopa County Sheriff's Office says Anna Mae Blessing had lived with her 72-year-old son Thomas and his girlfriend at the girlfriend's condo for the last six months.Court records show she believed her son and his girlfriend were talking about putting her in the facility because she had become 'difficult to deal with.'According to detectives, Blessing hid two handguns in the pockets of her robe and confronted her son in his room Monday morning.She allegedly shot him twice, then pointed the gun at his girlfriend."They struggled over the handgun. She was able to dislodge the handgun out of her hands and Blessing was able to pull out a secondary handgun, and they struggled over that handgun as well," Maricopa County Sgt. Bryant Vanegas told KPHO The girlfriend called 911.When deputies arrived, Blessing was sitting in her recliner."This is definitely an odd one. You know, there are a lot of circumstances surrounding it of course, but it's definitely something you don't see every day, and it's very unfortunate that this took place," said Vanegas.Blessing appeared before a judge in a wheelchair.She has been charged with first degree murder, aggravated assault and kidnapping.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The Latest on the investigation into the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history (all times local):
4:55 a.m.
An Arizona man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre says he sold ammunition to the gunman, Stephen Paddock, and says he had no idea what Paddock was going to do when he met him weeks before the shooting.
Douglas Haig tells "CBS This Morning" on Wednesday he sold more than 700 rounds of ammunition to Paddock. He says Paddock told him he was going to put on a "light show" with the tracer ammunition he purchased.
Haig says he talked to Paddock three times and that officials won't find any connection between the two.
He says he wonders, "What did I miss?" and "Why didn't I pick this up?" in his interaction with Paddock.
___
Midnight
An Arizona man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre says he sold ammunition to the gunman Stephen Paddock.
Douglas Haig says he met the gunman one time and he had been contacted by investigators earlier in the case.
Haig told The Associated Press on Tuesday night: "I am the guy who sold ammunition to Stephen Paddock,"
Haig did not release other details before walking into his home in the Phoenix suburb of Mesa.
A law enforcement official told The Associated Press in October that Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of tracer ammunition from a private seller he met at a Phoenix gun show. The official spoke anonymously because they weren't authorized to disclose case information.
Records show Haig owns Specialized Military Ammunition, LLC. The company's website says it sold tracer and incendiary ammunition but is now "closed indefinitely."
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Republicans are trying to prevent a political tremor from happening Tuesday night just north of Atlanta that would be a blow to President Trump and a boon to the rising Democratic opposition to him.
"I'm very concerned," said Tom Boyle, a 76-year-old retiree from Roswell, Ga., as he was making calls at a Republican phone bank on Monday afternoon.
In a closely watched Georgia special election that Democrats have tried to turn into a referendum on Trump, if Democrat Jon Ossoff is able to top 50 percent in Tuesday's all-party primary featuring 18 candidates he'll win outright here.
That's a result that was thought impossible months ago. This is a district, after all, that was held for two decades by former Republican House Speaker Newt Gingrich and for the past 12 years by Tom Price, an anti-Obamacare champion, who vacated the seat when he was appointed as Trump's Health and Human Services secretary.
While an outright Ossoff win Tuesday night still remains improbable, it's no longer thought to be impossible. Still, given the Republican leanings of this district, and a strong push from GOP outside groups, an outright win Tuesday might be Ossoff's best chance at winning the seat.
The stakes are high for both parties. If Republicans lose, it would send a warning signal to the Trump White House ahead of next year's midterms, as Republicans look to hold onto control of Congress — and Trump's agenda. But if Democrats can't win, either now or in a June runoff, given all the money and resources poured into the contest, it will raise questions about their ability to compete in the types of districts they'll need to win back the House, beginning with one like this in Georgia.
"A chance to make a statement"
Ossoff, a 30-year-old documentary filmmaker and former Capitol Hill aide, has raised eye-popping amounts of money (much of it from outside the state) and captured national attention.
"The eyes of the whole country are on us right now," Ossoff told volunteers gathered Saturday evening to canvass at his Chamblee campaign office. "The eyes of the world are on us right now. We are the first up to bat in the country with a chance to make a statement about what we stand for."
Sensing opportunity, Democrats have poured in resources — and the race has drawn celebrity attention. Actor Samuel L. Jackson, for example, cut a radio ad supporting Ossoff, warning, "Remember what happened the last time people stayed home — we got stuck with Trump." Actress Alyssa Milano helped drive early voters to the polls.
The Democratic congressional hopeful didn't mention the president by name in addressing his supporters, and some of his ads don't either. In fact, some of them don't mention his party affiliation at all and tick off some downright Republican-sounding ideas, such as cutting spending, boosting infrastructure and attracting more local tech jobs. Some of his ads do take explicit aim at Trump though, with one trolling him for his rabid tweeting habit and another where he promises to hold the president accountable.
In a brief interview with NPR after an afternoon canvass launch Saturday, Ossoff admitted that the race had somewhat taken on a life of its own, but he continued to stress many of the local issues at the core of his economic message. He maintained he can win outright, but if that doesn't happen, his strategy won't change.
"A win on Tuesday is certainly within reach, and special elections are always unpredictable," Ossoff said. "If we don't clear 50, we'll be able to fight and win in a runoff."
Democrats are trying to capitalize on Trump's unpopularity, and this is one of the first chances for them to take out their frustrations with his presidency. Giving Democrats hope is that even though this is a right-leaning district, it isn't exactly Trump country. While Price was easily re-elected with more than 60 percent of the vote, Trump won the district by less than 2 points. It's indicative of the kind of place Trump struggled throughout the country — rapidly growing, diverse and well-educated suburbs, where Republicans usually do well.
The president himself underscored the importance of the race — and the possible blowback a loss could have for his own political capital. He recorded a last-minute robocall against Ossoff and poked Democrats with at least four tweets in the last 24 hours about the race:
The election comes on the heels of a better-than-expected finish for a Democrat in a special election in a very Republican district in Kansas last week — something Democrats hope portends well in this more moderate district. That result may have also helped to wake up Republicans, who hope that late attacks on Ossoff — tying him to the national party and pointing out the bulk of the $8.3 million he's raised has come from out of state — have at least stunted his rise in the polls.
That may be why even rank-and-file Republicans here were on message, toeing the party line, in the final hours. Boyle, for example, described Ossoff, as "the man who's being bankrolled by the West Coast. When people out of state start throwing in $6 million to $8 million, I get worried. I don't like outsiders dictating what we do in Georgia."
Ossoff is one of five Democrats on the ballot Tuesday, but the national party lined up quickly behind him, in large part due to the strong support he had from the district's neighboring congressmen, Reps. John Lewis and Hank Johnson. Ossoff himself actually lives just outside the district (though he grew up in it). Republicans have hammered him on that fact and claimed he's tried to inflate his resume and the national-security work he did as an aide for Johnson. They've tried to highlight his age ,too. Ossoff and his supporters argue fresh, young blood isn't necessarily a bad thing.
Former Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro was on hand to help Ossoff on Saturday, and he was quick to underscore the national implications of the race on Tuesday and beyond, especially in the wake of that Kansas special election last week, where the Democratic candidate outperformed Trump by 20 points in the district.
"For everyone out there who is a little bit uncomfortable with the idea that the Republicans control everything, especially with a president that is so erratic, the best way to make sure that we can have some balance is to make sure that the Democrats take back the House," Castro said — an effort he underscored began on Tuesday.
For Democrats shocked by last November's results, Ossoff's campaign has become a vehicle for them to try to affect change. Megan Prince-Miller, 33, was one of the many volunteers who came out on Saturday to campaign for Ossoff on a warm spring day, ready to knock on doors even though she was heavily pregnant and due in three weeks.
"We're having our first baby, a daughter, and, you know, it's just been on the back of our minds — what kind of world is she going to live in? And I don't want it to be the world that I think that President Trump is creating," Prince-Miller said.
Can Republicans divide become united?
Republicans vying to take on Ossoff here are reflecting the broader national divide among the GOP. They've been hampered by splits within their own base, which is choosing between 11 GOP candidates. It's become something of a circular firing squad among the Republican hopefuls.
But many of them aren't exactly running away from the president, despite the middling results he got here last November.
Former Johns Creek City Councilman Bob Gray, one of the leading GOP contenders, has pictures of Trump plastered across his main field office, along with the president's signs that read "Make America Great Again" and "America First." In an interview Friday night after a canvass kick-off, Gray praised the president for being a "disrupter" in Washington, and said he wanted to go to D.C. to be his ally.
"He needs willing partners in Congress to be there with him to try and affect that agenda, and I intend to do so," Gray said.
He's been endorsed by the anti-tax Club for Growth, who's attacking his chief rival, former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel as a career politician — the same moniker Trump was able to successfully apply to some of his own GOP primary rivals.
In fact, on the GOP side, it's almost a similar scenario that played out during the 2016 presidential race happening — many different Republican candidates occupying different part of the GOP ideological spectrum fighting amongst themselves. There have been shots lobbed among the top Republican contenders during the campaign at each other as much as at Ossoff.
Nevertheless, Republicans maintain they'll eventually come together.
"If you don't have a muddy, bloody fight in a Republican primary, you haven't had a Republican primary in this state. But we always get back together," said Sandy Springs Mayor Rusty Paul, a former Georgia GOP chairman who was campaigning Monday morning with Handel at the Egg Harbor Cafe. Still, he said he'll support whoever ends up against Ossoff.
Handel, who has high name ID from several unsuccessful statewide runs, has come in second in most polls and said she feels good about her chances. And while other rivals have attacked her as a career politician, she argued that's an asset, not a liability.
"Our folks, it just took them a little more time to make their minds up because we believe in competition," Handel said, hitting Democrats for "coronating" Ossoff. "And we've had a very spirited, competitive primary on our side."
While Handel said she's supportive of the president, she's not exactly wearing it on her sleeve like Gray and other candidates are.
"This race is not about President Trump," she said. "This race is about who is the best suited to to be the next congressman."
Dalton State College students Jacob Ledford and Wesley Ross were canvassing on Saturday for former state Sen. Dan Moody, who's been endorsed by Sen. David Perdue. He's another candidate who could make the runoff, along with state Sen. Judson Hill — who has the backing of former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, who once represented parts of the district, and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who won this district in the GOP presidential primary.
After knocking on door after door, Ledford and Ross were getting a lot of people not home or who didn't want to talk about the race — a common theme both sides are hearing in the closing days, with voters simply fed up with incessant calls and door knocks.
They recalled how Democrats have boasted about turning Georgia blue before and have put up top-flight candidates in recent elections — Jason Carter, the grandson of former president Jimmy Carter, ran unsuccessfully for governor in 2014, while Michelle Nunn, daughter of former Sen. Sam Nunn, lost to Perdue the same year.
"Republicans always get behind their candidate, we get out to vote, and that's something the other side struggles with a lot," said Ross.
But as they were crossing the streets in a neighborhood in Alpharetta, they spied some Ossoff canvassers nearby — underscoring the massive presence the Democratic frontrunner has been able to build in the district with his army of volunteers and paid staff.
Special elections — imperfect predictors?
In some recent political cycles, special elections have been harbingers of things to come, and that's what Democrats hope Tuesday ends up being. In January 2010, Republican Scott Brown campaigned against the health care bill and ended up winning the Massachusetts special Senate election to succeed the late Democratic Sen. Edward Kennedy — foreshadowing major losses for Democrats that fall.
But they're not always perfect predictors, either. Democrat Mark Critz won a special election in Pennsylvania in May 2010, giving his party hope going into the midterms. Democrats, however, would lose 63 House seats that cycle.
But what special elections can be been snapshots in time to gauge how an issue is playing with the electorate. And for Democrats, the Georgia race is an important test of whether their months of marches and protests can translate into real votes at the ballot box.
If Ossoff does win — either on Tuesday or in two months — he'll have a major target on his back from Republicans in 2018. But a victory would still fire up the Democratic grassroots and send a warning shot to already worried Republicans about the midterms, when the president's party typically loses an average of 29 seats. Democrats need 24 seats to take back the House next fall — 23 if Ossoff wins.
However, if all their money and hype fall short, it may be back to the drawing board for a party already perplexed by Hillary Clinton's loss to despite all her money and staff — just like Ossoff has managed to corral.
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - News Updates - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Briefs - Financial - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles - Courier Road Report Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - Sports Extra - - MLB Highlights - - PGA Tour - - NASCAR Racing - - NFL Talk - - College Football - - NBA Basketball - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz - Orange & Black Attack - NASCAR Racing Family - Family News - Inside Editions - - Weekend Edition - - Clipper Coupons - - Online Circulars - - Today's Obituaries - - Parade - - Findlay Bicentennial - Celebrations Weekly - Community Calendar - City Directory - Courier Bridal Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - Editorials - Columns - - Historical Highlights - Letters to the Editor - Feature Blogs - Reader Polls Weather - School Delays - Event Cancellations - Traffic Conditions - CourierCam - Flood Portal The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Real Estate - Rentals - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Open House Map - Ad Rates - Place Ad - Credit Application - Legal Notices Media - Photos - - The Flood of 2007 - Video - Photo Sales - CourierCam - SocialFindlay - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide 2016 - Member Rewards - Sales Locations - Courier Directory - Submission Forms - Ad Rates Archives
John Daly came back to the U.S. skeleton team primarily seeking one thing, and it wasn't a medal.
It was closure.
The perfect scenario for Daly four years ago at the Sochi Olympics would have been for him to put together four great runs, and end his sliding career on his sport's biggest stage feeling like he couldn't have done any more. He had three great runs, only to see a disaster-filled fourth run take away any chance for a medal and drive him into a teary start on retirement.
Daly returned to sliding a couple years ago, got back on the national team and he'll be in the Pyeongchang Olympics next month, savoring the opportunity to get it right this time. He and 2014 Olympic bronze medalist Matt Antoine are the two sliders who qualified to represent the U.S. in men's skeleton.
"It's not unfinished business, but more like an unfinished feeling," Daly said. "The fourth run of your Olympics is supposed to be the most fun run of your career. I didn't get that. I didn't get that closed feeling, that closed-chapter feeling of my career. And that's kind of what I want. That's what I'm looking for."
That said, a medal is very much a lure as well.
He's not going to Pyeongchang as a medal favorite — Daly has been in eight World Cup races since unretiring and his best finish is a pair of 10th-place showings when competing against the world's best. But he's trending in the right direction, feeling more and more natural on the sled again as the year has gone along. And coaches, all season, have raved about Daly's work ethic.
"I think he finally realizes that he's getting back to his old sliding self and just looking forward for redemption at the Olympic Games," USA Skeleton coach Brian McDonald said.
Daly doesn't even try to avoid what happened in Sochi. He knows it's as big a part of his story as anything else.
Daly and Antoine were contending for the bronze medal, and going into the fourth and final heat of the two-day competition Antoine was in third place, Daly in fourth. There are narrow grooves in the ice, and sliders try to keep their runners — the pieces of steel that the sled slides on — in them at the start to try and begin on the straightest path possible.
Daly started running as fast as he could, going all-out for the medal. And then his sled popped out of that groove, sending him out of control. All his speed was immediately gone, he knew the medal hopes were over and he endured a cold ride to the bottom on the way to a 15th-place finish.
"I couldn't go out like that," Daly said.
It's one of the few topics where Daly's voice almost turns somber.
On almost any other matter — including his hair, which is coiffed perfectly at all times and made him a celebrity in Sochi — he tends to be hilarious. He's made a series of videos over the years with close friend and U.S. bobsledder Steve Langton, did some Olympic promos last year where he discussed crushes, and even recently appeared on "Top Chef" as a celebrity judge.
At 32, he knows his third Olympics might be the finale. He's pulled off his comeback while working full-time in the medical sales industry for a company in Washington, and done so with their blessing.
"Anyone who knows me knows how much I wanted this," Daly said.
So he's now off to Pyeongchang, simultaneously relaxed and ready.
"It's about putting it together on that day," Daly said. "I've been there many times. The Olympics is something that really gets to me as far as the nerves. There's an energy you can use there to step up and be a champion — or watch somebody else be one. I've got to go and slide the way that I know I can."
___
More AP Olympic coverage: https://wintergames.ap.org
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The United Nations says it has received official notification of the Philippines' decision to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, a decision that followed the tribunal's announcement of a preliminary probe of drug suspect killings under the president.
U.N. deputy spokesman Farhan Haq said the treaty section of the Office of Legal Affairs received a document Saturday signed by Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano informing Secretary-General Antonio Guterres of the Philippines' decision to pull out of the ICC.
Haq said the document "constitutes a notification" under the Rome Statute that established the court, and "the withdrawal shall therefore take effect for the Philippines one year after the date of receipt, i.e., on March 17, 2019."
President Rodrigo Duterte on Sunday called the court "rude" and urged other countries to withdraw.
TOKYO (AP) — The price tag for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics keeps going up despite attempts to rein in the spending.
Over the last year, organizers have shifted several venues away from central Tokyo and have looked for existing facilities instead of building new ones.
However, in the last week Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike has explained that the city will need to more than double the billions it is already budgeting to stage the games. The International Olympic Committee and Tokyo organizers contest this, saying the city's added costs are for many projects that would have been done — with or without the Olympics.
In late December, Tokyo Olympic organizers said the games would cost 1.35 trillion yen, which is about $12.4 billion at the present exchange rate of 109 yen to the dollar. But at a news conference last Friday, Koike said the city would spend an added 810 billion yen ($7.5 billion), bringing total games-related spending to 2.16 trillion yen (roughly $20 billion).
Tokyo organizers and the International Olympic Committee have talked openly about the need to cut rising costs, which have plagued recent Olympics and driven away possible bidding cities.
In emails to The Associated Press, the IOC and organizers said the new spending should not be viewed as part of the Olympic costs.
The IOC called the expenses "regular administrative costs" for the city that fall "outside the overall games budget." Local organizers said the same thing.
Koike contradicted their position.
She said the new costs were for "projects directly and indirectly related to the games." She included building barrier-free facilities for Paralympic athletes, training programs for volunteers, and advertising and tourism plans.
She said the budget numbers still needed to be studied, and city's legislature still needed to approve the spending.
"We just presented the rough scale of the costs," she said. "Tokyo will be the one to cover it, so I presented it because I wanted the Tokyo residents to be aware of it."
Asked about further cost-cutting sought by the IOC, Kioke said "it's not a task only for Tokyo, but the effort should be made as a whole."
She also played up the decades-long impact of the 1964 Tokyo Olympics, which showed the world a modern, fast-moving and rebuilt country following World War II.
"Think about all that still remains as legacies from the 1964 Tokyo Olympics — the metropolitan expressway and the bullet-train system, for instance," she said.
Tokyo's 2020 Olympics are being funded largely by public money. The 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics were billed as a split between public and private money. The eventual price tag was about $13 billion — and some estimates put it at $20 billion.
Under Koike's plan, the Tokyo city government will now chip in 1.41 trillion yen ($13 billion), and the national government will spend 150 billion yen ($1.4 billion). This represents 72 percent of spending to prepare the Olympics. The remaining part comes from the local organizing committee, which will add 600 billion yen ($5.5 billion) in private money.
Tokyo's winning bid in 2013 was listed at 730 billion yen, about one-third of the list price now.
Bent Flyvberg, in a 2016 study at Oxford University, found the Olympics "have the highest average cost overrun of any type of megaproject. Moreover, cost overrun is found in all games, without exception."
Flyvberg added in his study that "for a city and nation to decide to stage the Olympic Games is to decide to take on one of the most costly and financially most risky type of megaproject that exists, something that many cities and nations have learned to their peril."
Ukrainian lawmaker, center, throws some object against parliament speaker Andriy Parubiy, top right, as other scuffle during a parliament session in the Ukrainian parliament, in Kiev, Ukraine, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. The parliament was forced to adjourn its session amid scuffles over hotly-disputed bills regarding the rebel-controlled eastern territories. (AP Photo/Efrem Lukatsky)
MOSCOW (AP) — The wine was flowing under the chandeliers of the luxury London hotel ballroom when Gareth Southgate was given a painful reminder of the most agonizing moment of his playing career.
Surrounded by current and former players, Southgate was trying to look forward to his World Cup as England coach when he was taken back 22 years.
Inside the awards' dinner speech at the Grosvenor House in April, Southgate had to endure the penalty miss that led to England losing the 1996 European Championship semifinal being a punchline in a speech by Professional Footballers' Association chairman Ben Purkiss.
Many athletes would have recoiled at being the object of derision in an audience of their peers. Purkiss later felt compelled to contact Harry Kane to explain a joke at the England striker's expense.
But Southgate hasn't tried to hide away from his own misfortune in the glare of the world — from the self-deprecating Pizza Hut advertisement at the time to talks with the England squad now under his command.
"When something goes wrong in your life," Southgate advises, "it doesn't finish you."
You can even lead the national team.
Progress at the World Cup in Russia has been secured by the shootout that has haunted England for so long. A victory over Colombia on Tuesday carried the English into their first World Cup quarterfinal since 2006 and was the work of meticulous planning.
England teams have been practicing penalties for years without being able to find a way of coming out on top when games end tied after extra time and the winner is determined by a test of strength between a striker and goalkeeper separated by 12 yards (meters).
So much of Southgate's job has been about changing the mindset of a country that is credited with inventing soccer but has been scarred by failures on the international stage, aside from the senior team's only title at the 1966 World Cup.
Players had been told for years that penalties were a lottery. Southgate told them it was a process they could own.
"It's not about luck," he said ahead of the 4-3 shootout win over Colombia. "It's not about chance. It's about performing a skill under pressure. There are individual things you can work on within that. We have to know who is in charge, who needs to get out of the way, who can speak with clarity to the players."
Not fearing failure was a significant psychological hurdle to overcome.
Southgate embraced his own public humiliation to help the current generation of players prepare to cope with setbacks. At the St. George's Park training complex in central England, the messages and tactics have been transmitted through the age groups of England teams.
Slowly, England is shaking off its losing mentality. Victory in the under-20s World Cup in June 2017 was followed by glory in the under-17s edition in October, and now Southgate's squad remains on track to add a third FIFA title.
Whereas past England sides might have recoiled after conceding a stoppage time equalizer to Colombia, this group held on through extra time and broke the penalties' curse.
Before Tuesday night in Moscow, England since 1990 had been knocked out of three World Cups on penalties and three European Championships. The only success came at the Euro '96 against Spain before Southgate's miss in the semifinal against Germany.
With England fans outnumbered by Colombians in the Spartak Moscow stadium, it was an even greater test of nerves for Eric Dier to make the winning kick against Colombia.
"It was like an out-of-body experience," Dier said Wednesday. "I just tried to stay in the moment."
Southgate has been working to remove players from their comfort zone after seeing — as a UEFA technical observer — how Roy Hodgson's England froze under pressure and was eliminated by Iceland in the Euro 2016 round of 16. Players were taken last year to the Royal Marines' Commando Training Centre. One exercise at the boot camp saw players submerged in water.
"(Southgate) wanted to change the way we are and try something different," Kane recalled. "Because in recent times we haven't been great for England in tournaments. It's about trying to change that mental attitude."
Southgate had initially rejected the chance to succeed Hodgson after the Euro 2016, believing he lacked experience, having only coached a senior team for three years at Middlesbrough until 2009.
But after three years as England's under-21s coach, Southgate was jettisoned into the top job in September 2016 by an unexpected vacancy when Sam Allardyce lasted just one game before his brashness and unguarded bar talk forced the English Football Association to part company.
At 47, Southgate has been keen to look beyond soccer for inspiration, particularly on trips to NBA and NFL games. He has retained steeliness while bringing compassion and warmth to the job.
The defining image, perhaps, of Tuesday in Moscow was not Southgate celebrating but of him consoling Mateus Uribe, whose eyes were covered by his Colombian jersey after his missed kick. That's a reflection of the human touch England players have come to expect from Southgate.
"We have spoken a lot about togetherness," Kane said, "and we've got a great bond off the pitch."
___
Rob Harris is at www.twitter.com/RobHarris and www.facebook.com/RobHarrisReports
___
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Gandelina Damião, 78, is permanently hunched, carrying her sorrow. She lost three children to heroin in the 1990s.
A quarter century ago, her cobblestone lane, up a grassy hill from Lisbon's Tagus River, was littered with syringes. She recalls having to search for her teenagers in graffitied stone buildings nearby, where they would shoot up.
"It was a huge blow," Damião says, pointing to framed photos on her wall of Paulo, Miguel and Liliana. "I was a good mother. I never gave them money for drugs. But I couldn't save them."
For much of the 20th century, Portugal was a closed, Catholic society, with a military dictator and no drug education. In the early 1970s, young Portuguese men were drafted to fight wars in the country's African colonies, where many were exposed to drugs for the first time. Some came home addicted.
In 1974, there was a revolution — and an explosion of freedom.
"It was a little bit like the Americans in Vietnam. Whiskey was cheaper than water, and cannabis was easy to access. So people came home from war with some [drug] habits," says João Goulão, Portugal's drug czar. "Suddenly everything was different [after the revolution]. Freedom! And drugs were something that came with that freedom. But we were completely naive."
By the 1990s, 1 percent of Portugal's population was hooked on heroin. It was one of the worst drug epidemics in the world, and it prompted Portugal's government to take a novel approach: It decriminalized all drugs. Starting in 2001, possession or use of any drug — even heroin — has been treated as a health issue, not a crime.
Goulão, who had worked as a family physician in his 20s, at the height of the crisis, says there was very little opposition to the policy change.
"Every family had its own drug addict. It was so, so present in everyday life, that it turned public opinion," Goulão says. "We are dealing with a chronic relapsing disease, and this is a disease like any other. I do not put a diabetic in jail, for instance."
Under the 2001 decriminalization law, authored by Goulão, drug dealers are still sent to prison. But anyone caught with less than a 10-day supply of any drug — including heroin — gets mandatory medical treatment. No judge, no courtroom, no jail.
Instead they end up in a sparsely furnished, discreet, unmarked office in downtown Lisbon, for counselling with government sociologists, who decide whether to refer them to drug treatment centers.
"It's cheaper to treat people than to incarcerate them," says sociologist Nuno Cabaz. "If I come across someone who wants my help, I'm in a much better position to provide it than a judge would ever be. Simple as that."
Cabaz's team of 10 counselors handles all of Lisbon's roughly 2,500 drug cases a year. It may sound like a lot, but it's actually a 75 percent drop from the 1990s. Portugal's drug-induced death rate has plummeted to five times lower than the European Union average.
Along a row of abandoned buildings in northern Lisbon, field psychologists took NPR to meet some of Portugal's remaining drug users. The hillside is littered with needles, and bursting with wildflowers. The sky rumbles with airliners landing at the international airport nearby.
There's a philosophy book on a cement stoop next to a middle-aged man who's smoking crack cocaine. He gives his name as Rui, and says the stigma against addicts has eased since decriminalization.
"Now, not so much. It's less, because the methadone is coming, and people are treating this problem," he says. "They see the drugs with another perspective."
Every day, a government van pulls up and gives him a dose of methadone, an opioid that helps wean people off of heroin. It's a step toward harm-reduction. He still does cocaine, but no longer shoots up.
Drug-related HIV infections in Portugal have dropped 95 percent.
Drug workers hand out packets with clean needles and condoms, and listen to another addict, Antonio, describe his anxiety.
"If the drugs hurt too much my body, I escape a little, and then I come back again," he says. "But it's a world I cannot escape! If I turn there, it's there — it's everywhere. I cannot escape."
For every person in Portugal who cannot escape addiction, there's daily methadone, counseling and free treatment. A generation ago, these addicts were put in jail. Now they're on the street.
But polls show the Portuguese — having lived through the ravages of a heroin epidemic — overwhelmingly support this policy.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
A bipartisan bill introduced in the Senate would honor an American prisoner of war who protected 200 American-Jewish POWs during World War II with the Congressional Gold Medal.
The bill introduced Monday would recognize Master Sgt. Rodrick "Roddie" Edmonds, who refused to reveal to a German commandant at the Stalag IXA camp which troops under his command were Jewish. The Congressional Gold medal is one of the highest civilian honors bestowed in the United States.
Sens. Bob Corker and Lamar Alexander, both Tennessee Republicans, and Democrats Ben Cardin of Maryland and Tim Kaine of Virginia introduced the measure.
Edmonds was captured during the Battle of the Bulge by the German army on Dec. 19, 1944. As the highest ranking officer in the POW camp, he was responsible for the camp's 1,292 American POWs. The camp's commandant ordered Edmonds to identify the Jewish soldiers in order to separate them from the other prisoners. When Edmonds refused, the commandant placed his pistol against Edmonds' head, demanding that he identify the Jewish soldiers. Edmonds responded, “We are all Jews here,” refusing to identify the Jewish soldiers, thereby saving their lives.
Surviving 100 days of captivity, Edmonds returned home after the war, but never told his family of his actions. He died in 1985, and only long after was first recognized for his heroic actions.
“When I learned of Master Sergeant Edmonds' valiant actions that saved Jewish-American prisoners of war in Germany, I was reminded of the Talmud's teaching that ‘whoever saves a life, it is considered as if he saved an entire world,'" Cardin, who is Jewish, said in a statement. "At a dark time in humanity's history, Master Sergeant Edmonds was a bright light and did what his heart told him was the right thing to do. There are families alive today who can be thankful that their very existence is due in no small part to Roddie's service and sacrifice.”
Edmonds was posthumously recognized by the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial in Jerusalem as Righteous Among the Nations, the first member of the U.S. Armed Forces and one of only five people from the United States to be so recognized.
Grain futures were mixed Monday on the Chicago Board of Trade.
Wheat for Sept. rose 1.75 cents at 4.41 bushel; Sept. corn was up 2 cents at 3.6275 bushel; Sept. oats was off 2.50 cents at $2.6150 a bushel; while Aug. soybeans declined 10 cents at $9.2550 a bushel.
Beef mixed and pork was lower on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. Aug. live cattle was off .67 cent at $1.0905 a pound; Aug. feeder cattle rose .53 cent at $1.4230 a pound; while Aug. lean hogs fell .20 cent at $.8445 a pound.
by Ken Sturdivant
Lake Sinclair is down 1.02 feet with the water stained and the temperature in the 70's.
Bass fishing is great. Go shallow as the bass roam the banks in shallow water all day both up and down lake. They are chasing small baitfish up into the shallows and the baits need to be very small. Casting small worms and topwater lures can get a strike. If this schooling activity lasts all day, it's a good idea to use small lures. Buzzbaits can catch a lunker. Using the Zoom lizards on a light wire hook or a trick worm cast into the shallows can be productive.
Use the Lowrance Structure Scan technology to scout the areas before you fish. Even in 10 feet of water, this technology can scan 70 feet from right to left if you use left, right and down imaging at the same time. The mini lizards should be in a dark red color or pumpkin seed. All white Zoom trick worms with the tail dipped in a red dye works around the docks all day. Keep a #5 Shad Rap ready for any shallow schooling up on the banks. Move around a lot as these fish are doing the same.
As the day progresses some of the upriver fish are still active on points and around docks. The bone and pearl colors in the Bill Norman Little N crankbaits are fair.
South Korean taekwondo athletes have performed for Pope Francis, after a planned show of Korean unity at the Vatican fell apart when the North pulled out at the last minute.
Pope Francis didn't seem to notice or mind, thanking the athletes Wednesday for their exhibition "which was a show of the will for peace, the two Koreas together."
South Korea's World Taekwondo organization, the Seoul-led international body, said last week that a demonstration team from the North withdrew from the performance over the U.S.-South Korean military drills.
The performance had been planned to ceremonially open the World Taekwondo's Grand Prix competition this week in Rome.
The South's team performed for thousands of people in St. Peter's Square and featured a young girl releasing a dove in a sign of peace.
JERSEY CITY, N.J. (AP) — A Virginia man whose toddler daughter's body was found in a suitcase next to train tracks in New Jersey earlier this month is now facing charges.
Hudson County prosecutors say 37-year-old Travis Plummer, of Richmond, is charged with desecrating the human remains of 23-month old Te'Myah Layauna Plummer. But the cause of death remains under investigation.
The child's body was found April 11 just west of the Journal Square rail station in Jersey City in the PATH rapid transit system, which serves New Jersey and parts of New York City.
Authorities had been seeking the pair since last month, though they didn't believe they were in danger. It was thought Plummer may have relocated to Jersey City or Charlotte, North Carolina.
The FBI tracked Plummer to San Juan, Puerto Rico, where he was arrested without incident April 19. He's awaiting extradition and it's not known if he's retained a lawyer.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
BOULDER, Colorado (AP) -- Ethiopia swept the team competition at the 40th annual Bolder Boulder 10-kilometer race on Monday, with Getaneh Tamire winning the men's race and Mamitu Daska defending her women's title.
With three finishers in the top 11, the Ethiopian men won for the ninth time in 21 team competitions at the annual Memorial Day race that concludes at the University of Colorado's football stadium, Folsom Field. Bahrain was second and Kenya took bronze. The Americans were fourth.
The Ethiopian women won for the 12th time overall and for the ninth time in the last decade. With a 1-3-4 finish, the eight team points tied for the third-lowest winning score in race history. The U.S. team placed second and Japan captured third.
Tamire's time of 28 minutes, 18 seconds was the fourth-fastest in race history and beat Tanzania's Gabriel Geay by 21 seconds. Geay, last year's winner, was racing for a team of runners from different countries dubbed ''Pan African.''
Daska won her second straight Bolder Boulder. Her sixth overall victory broke a tie with Rosa Mota for most wins in race history regardless of gender.
Daska's time was 32:36 and her win was the seventh straight by an Ethiopian woman at the Bolder Boulder.
Nearly 52,000 people signed up for the citizen's race, part of what's billed as the nation's largest Memorial Day celebration.
About Man of steel...heart of gold. Articles: 56 Seeds: 438 Comments: 18191 Since: May 2014
Daniel Rendon-Herrera, the alleged leader of a homicidal drug ring that imported tons of cocaine from Colombia into the U.S., was charged with leading a continuing criminal enterprise, authorities said.
Colombia's most wanted drug lord, also known as "Don Mario," pleaded not guilty in Brooklyn federal court Tuesday after being captured in a jungle raid nine years ago and extradited to the U.S. on April 23.
"Don Mario is one of the most significant drug traffickers of our time, recognized for moving multi-ton shipments of cocaine to the United States at a moment's notice," said New York Police Commissioner James O'Neill.
Rendon-Herrera's attorney said she's "looking forward to representing him."
"We are looking at disposing of the cases in one way or another," Johanna Zapp said, adding that her client also was charged in the Southern District.
Rendon-Herrera's organization sent U.S.-bound shipments of cocaine from Colombia through Central America between about June 2003 and December 2014 and employed hit men who carried out acts of violence across North and South America, authorities said.
"Don Mario was the most feared narco-terrorist in Colombia," Drug Enforcement Administration Special Agent in Charge James Hunt said in a statement.
Colombia's far-right militias, known as the United Self-Defense forces of Colombia, initially formed in the 1980s to counter kidnapping and extortion by rebels but evolved into regional mafias that committed more than 10,000 murders.
The militias built lucrative cocaine trafficking operations and stole millions of acres of land, often in collusion with local political, business and military leaders, prosecutors said.
Rendon-Herrera and his brother controlled an area of river-laced jungle near the Panama border that has long been a major corridor for drug and arms traffickers.
The brothers were among the last paramilitary leaders to demobilize under a 2003 peace deal that promised fighters reduced sentences and protection from extradition to the United States if they confessed to all their crimes.
While his brother and other paramilitaries agreed to await justice in jail, Rendon-Herrera fled back to the jungle and rearmed, according to police.
Interested in Midterm Elections? Add Midterm Elections as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Midterm Elections news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Far more people have cast early ballots for Illinois' primary than did so four years ago, an increase that comes amid competitive contests for governor and other offices and record-breaking spending that has made the election nearly impossible to ignore.
More than 330,000 people had cast ballots for Tuesday's primary as of Sunday, according to the Illinois State Board of Elections, and thousands more people were voting on Monday. The total in 2014 was just over 200,000.
Some of the biggest increases have been in Cook County, a Democratic stronghold that includes Chicago, where the number of early votes cast is almost three times the 2014 number. While some of the increase may be due to increased awareness of and comfort with early voting, officials noted the number of registered voters also has increased.
"From the top of the ballot to the bottom, there are contests on both the Democratic and Republican sides that have generated a great deal of attention and interest among voters," said Cook County Clerk David Orr, who handles elections in the suburbs surrounding Chicago.
In the Democratic primary for governor, Billionaire J.B. Pritzker has put almost $70 million into his campaign as he looks to defeat five other candidates, including state Sen. Daniel Biss and businessman Chris Kennedy, nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy. The race is far more competitive than four years ago, when Gov. Pat Quinn faced a little-known opponent.
On the Republican side, conservative state Rep. Jeanne Ives is trying to knock off Gov. Bruce Rauner, who angered many in the right flank of his party with actions on issues such as immigration and abortion. The wealthy former private equity investor also has been spending millions on his campaign.
NBC News, citing data from the ad-tracking group Advertising Analytics, reported spending on TV ads for the two governor primaries has already topped $65 million, fueled largely by Rauner and Pritzker.
Voters also will choose nominees for attorney general and other statewide and local contests, as well as some hotly contested congressional races.
A look at what's happening all around the majors Tuesday:
———
STREAKING STANTON
Giancarlo Stanton has homered in five straight games for the Marlins and leads the majors with 43. He's already set the Miami record for homers in a season, topping Gary Sheffield's 42 in 1996.
Stanton has hit 22 home runs in his last 34 games. He takes aim on the Giants once again when the series continues at Marlins Park.
PORCELLO TRIO?
Boston righty Rick Porcello tries to win his third straight start when the Cardinals visit Fenway Park. At 6-14 with a 4.63 ERA, Porcello hasn't been able to duplicate the success he enjoyed last year in taking the Cy Young Award. The AL East-leading Red Sox are hoping he can recapture some of that winning form down the stretch.
VERLANDER QUARTET?
Justin Verlander is trying to win four straight starts for the first time in four years. The Tigers star, who is scheduled to start at Texas, allowed one run over eight scoreless innings against Pittsburgh last Wednesday. He has given up only two runs over 21 innings his last three starts (Houston, Baltimore and the Pirates).
The last time the 2011 AL Cy Young and AL MVP winner won four straight starts was midway through the 2013 season. Verlander is 4-1 with a 3.19 ERA in six road starts against the Rangers. He beat them in Detroit earlier this season with seven solid innings.
HEADY HODGES
It will be Gil Hodges Bobblehead Night at Dodger Stadium when Los Angeles hosts the Chicago White Sox. Hodges played in seven World Series for the Dodgers — six times in Brooklyn and also in 1959 when they beat the White Sox for their first championship in LA. An eight-time All-Star, the first baseman hit 370 home runs and, having also managed the 1969 Miracle Mets to their first title, has several supporters who believe he should be posthumously voted into the Hall of Fame.
Alex Wood (14-1) starts for the Dodgers. At 83-34, a win would put them 50 games over .500.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration has decided not to punish anybody for now under new sanctions retaliating for Russia's election-meddling, the State Department said Monday, in a surprising move that fueled further questions about whether President Donald Trump is too soft on Moscow.
The government had until Monday to take two steps under a law passed by Congress last year in the wake of the 2016 presidential campaign. The first required the U.S. to slap sanctions on anyone doing "significant" business with people linked to Russia's defense and intelligence agencies, using a blacklist the U.S. released in October. The second required the administration to publish a list of Russian "political figures and oligarchs" who have grown rich under President Vladimir Putin.
On the first item, the administration decided it didn't need to penalize anyone, even though several countries have had multibillion-dollar arms deals with Russia in the works. State Department officials said the threat of sanctions had been deterrent enough, and that "sanctions on specific entities or individuals will not need to be imposed."
"We estimate that foreign governments have abandoned planned or announced purchases of several billion dollars in Russian defense acquisitions," said State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert. She did not provide evidence or cite any examples.
On the second item — the "Putin list" — the day came and went with no sign of if or when it would be released. The Treasury Department did not respond to several inquiries. In the past, the administration has breezed past several such deadlines, including the October deadline to produce a blacklist, only to follow through later after pressure from Congress mounted.
By itself, being on the Putin list doesn't trigger U.S. sanctions. Yet the list, being developed by the Treasury Department, has induced fear among rich Russians who are concerned that it could lead later to U.S. sanctions or to being informally blacklisted in the global financial system. It has triggered a fierce lobbying campaign, with Russia hawks in Congress pushing the administration to include certain names and lobbyists hired by Russian businessmen urging the administration to keep their clients off.
Companies or foreign governments that had been doing business with blacklisted Russian entities had been given a three-month grace period to extricate themselves from transactions, starting in October when the blacklist was published and ending Monday. But only those engaged in "significant transactions" are to be punished, and the United States has never defined that term or given a dollar figure. That ambiguity has made it impossible for the public to know exactly what is and isn't permissible.
Late last year, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said one reason the U.S. was proceeding cautiously was that major U.S. allies have much at stake. Turkey, a NATO ally, has a deal to buy the S-400, Russia's most advanced air defense missile system. And key security partner Saudi Arabia recently struck an array of deals with Moscow, including contracts for weapons. It was unclear whether either country had since abandoned those deals to avoid running afoul of the U.S. sanctions.
New York Rep. Eliot Engel, the top Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, lambasted the move to punish no one, saying he was "fed up" and that Trump's administration had chosen to "let Russia off the hook yet again." He dismissed the State Department's claim that "the mere threat of sanctions" would stop Moscow from further meddling in America's elections.
"How do you deter an attack that happened two years ago, and another that's already underway?" Engel said. "It just doesn't make sense."
___
Associated Press writer Jill Colvin contributed to this report.
___
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP
Vinales: Zarco form 'proof' Yamaha went wrong
Maverick Vinales says Tech3 rider Johann Zarco's strong 2018 MotoGP season is "proof" the factory Yamaha team has gone in the wrong direction.
Despite sitting second in the standings - 36 points behind Honda's Marc Marquez - Vinales has endured a low-key start to the season and has only one podium finish to his name.
In contrast, satellite Yamaha rider Zarco has been in podium contention on four occasions in five races, and has finished second twice on his 2016-specification bike.
Zarco has also taken pole positions in Qatar and at Le Mans and has qualified no lower than fourth so far this season.
"The bike is going well, you just have to look at Zarco," said Vinales. "It is a point of reference for me, and proof that Yamaha was wrong at one point.
"We were simply wrong at some point. Surely in the pre-season I didn't follow the path I should have."
15 races without win "no coincidence" - Rossi
Vinales: Zarco form 'proof' Yamaha went wrong
The French Grand Prix at Le Mans was the 15th race in a row that Yamaha has failed to win, and Vinales' factory team-mate Valentino Rossi believes such a long streak is "not a coincidence".
Rossi said Yamaha's current performance is "not enough", and has urged his team to fix its issues faster because it is usually "not very reactive".
"It's not a coincidence," said Rossi. "If we want to win, this is not enough.
"I like working with them [Yamaha] but now we need to react quickly. Historically, Yamaha is not very reactive.
"It is very important to stay focused and hope that in the second part of the season we will be able to improve the bike.
"If we can't get podiums, we must at least try to stay in the top five to score as many points as possible."
Electric Vehicles – Why the Hype?
It's hard to ignore the mounting news and press about electric cars. With the government banning the sale of all petrol cars by 2040, and with Bloomberg New Energy Finance forecasting electric cars to account for 1/3 of all cars by 2040, displacing 8 million barrels of oil a day, we are at a widely acknowledged turning point for our vehicles.
Exxon, BP and Statoil are all now expecting at least 100 million electric vehicles to hit the roads worldwide between 2030 and 2035. This looks conservative when compared to BNEF's estimated 530 million cumulative electric cars to be sold by 2040. But what does this mean for the grid, energy requirements and flexibility?
There are many concerns about electric cars, including battery life, performance and sustainability, but features aside, charging provides another issue that entrants to the market and the grid are forced to take into consideration. With many vehicle journeys occurring around the same time, between 7am-9am and 4-6pm, it is expected that demand will decrease in the morning as users unplug their cars, and then spike in the evening when users start charging again.
However, the potential for electric vehicles to work in harmony with the grid to ease this changing demand is gaining momentum and causing market excitement. By using smart charging technology, electric vehicles can actually work with the grid, rather than against it, by using artificial intelligence to ensure that charging takes place overnight, rather than at the same time.
A smart charger would monitor and control multiple charging assets and optimise these for peak time use and demand response purposes – reducing overall electricity costs. Together with Shell, we've designed a system that looks for charging behavioural patterns and identifies best times for inclusion in demand response and frequency response programmes, and we've been working to understand and measure the potential value that managed smart charging will provide.
Despite this progression, according to BNEF, the world's biggest auto manufacturers are only planning to sell a combined 8 million electric cars per year by 2030. As the technology develops to enable the grid to deal with the increase in cars, developments are as much driven by whether consumer demand will hit those peaks in the short term. Whatever the outcome, with the ability to stagger charging times, the potential for electric vehicles to help the grid with its demand requirements is an incredibly exciting space – and worthy of the hype.
This is a promoted article.
LAS VEGAS -- Both fighters in this weekend's UFC 216 pay-per-view event -- the first major sports event scheduled in Las Vegas since Sunday's mass shooting -- said they were affected by the tragedy.
Saturday's event, which takes place inside T-Mobile Arena, is headlined by an interim lightweight title fight between Tony Ferguson and Kevin Lee, a resident of Las Vegas.
Ferguson, who trains out of Southern California, was in Las Vegas when the shooting happened. It was the worst shooting in modern U.S. history, killing 59 people.
Ferguson said his wife and family were near the south end of Las Vegas Boulevard, where the Route 91 Harvest Festival -- the site of the tragedy -- was held. They had gone to church that evening, before the shooting, and even had considered moving closer to the concert, before ultimately leaving the area.
"I was actually at a Walmart, and my wife had gone to church, across the street from [the festival]," Ferguson told ESPN. "My brother-in-law hit me up and said he'd heard from dispatch about the shootings and for me to be careful.
"I'm getting these random texts from my wife; she's telling me to stay put. I'm like, 'What the f--- is going on? I need to get to you guys.' The one thing I needed to do is get to my family, and it was hard, but I found a way. Everything was blockaded, but we got where we needed and everybody was safe. Then my wife tells me they were going to go to the damn festival, because I was working out late.
"Walking out of the church, they could hear music. They had country music, and my wife knows I like country music. I'm just glad they didn't go, man. They went to church, said a prayer and she made the gut decision to go home."
Originally from Detroit, Lee moved to Las Vegas in 2014. He flew to California to promote the UFC 216 fight on Sunday, and he did not learn the full scope of the attack until Monday.
"When I woke up the next morning, that's when I see all the news and all the videos," Lee said. "That was a big media day for us, and it was hard for me to focus or even talk about the fight. My mind was on something else. I reached out to everybody that morning. I must have had 50 phone calls, of people checking up on me.
"It hits close to home. I just did a charity event at Luxor [Hotel]. I don't know. The brain just works different when you're looking at a place [on the news] and you were just there."
"At the end of the day, I had to sit back and look at it -- this Saturday is going to be a celebration. When I feel most alive is during a fight and in the cage. This was one coward and I'm not going to let him win. I'm going to go out there unafraid. This just makes me want to live and fight harder."
When asked if it might have an emotional effect on him during the fight, Lee admitted he didn't know.
"Maybe. I don't even know what the emotions will be," Lee said. "It's just something that will be in the moment. It's not something you can even think about or predict. It's going to be in the moment.
"It's not just about being from Las Vegas or from Detroit. Yeah, it's about that, but it's about everybody too. I feel like there doesn't need to be that separation. I fight for kids that come from similar [low-income] situations as me. I don't care if you're from Detroit, Atlanta, Philly, New York, Las Vegas, California -- I'm fighting for all those kids."
Ferguson (22-3) and Lee (16-2) have traded verbal insults leading up to the event, but both said they hold no ill will toward the other.
"You've got to embrace everybody and share the love, pay it forward, give somebody a high-five and a smile," Ferguson said. "Kevin Lee is my brother-in-arms. I've got nothing aggressive against him."
As Lee added, "I'm going to be in the biggest fight of my life, but there are other things in the world. There's bigger s--- going on. Yeah, me and Tony might have this back-and-forth, and I might show him disrespect and he might show it to me; but really, I want him to go home to his family after this. I want him to live his life."
UFC president Dana White told ESPN earlier this week that the UFC 216 event will be "dedicated to the entire city of Las Vegas." The promotion also will donate $1 million to victims' families.
MGM properties did not immediately respond to requests for comment on planned security measures for the event.
TOKYO (AP) — Thirteen Japanese cult members may be sent to the gallows any day now for a deadly 1995 gas attack on the Tokyo subway system and other crimes. But when is uncertain. Such is the secrecy that surrounds Japan's death penalty system.
Tuesday marks 23 years since members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult punctured plastic bags to release sarin nerve gas inside subway cars, sickening thousands and killing 13. Cult leader Shoko Asahara and a dozen followers have been sentenced to death for that and other crimes that killed 27 in all.
The relocation of seven of them to five detention centers outside of Tokyo last week has sparked speculation that executions could be imminent. In Japan, accomplices in a crime are customarily hanged on the same day. Ten of those on death row were convicted for the subway attack, a number beyond the Tokyo detention center's daily capacity.
As with all executions in Japan, when and where they will be killed isn't being released, even to family members and lawyers. The executions won't be announced until they have already happened.
Shizue Takahashi, the wife of a subway stationmaster who died in the gas attack, asked the Justice Ministry for a chance to meet the convicts and witness their executions. "I want to follow through to the very end," Takahashi said at a recent news conference.
Her wish is unlikely to be granted.
Even prisoners sent to the gallows are not notified until guards come to their cells in the morning. After a chat with a chaplain, a last bite or smoke, the prisoner is taken to the gallows.
If all 10 subway attack convicts are hanged, it would be the second-largest number executed on a single day in Japan's modern history. Japan on Jan. 24, 1911, hanged 11 political prisoners who allegedly plotted to assassinate the emperor.
Some survivors of the cult's crimes oppose the executions because that would eliminate hopes for a fuller explanation of the crimes.
Asahara talked incoherently, occasionally babbling in broken English, during his eight-year trial and never acknowledged his responsibility or offered meaningful explanations.
Born Chizuo Matsumoto, he has been on death row for nearly 14 years. His family says he is a broken man, constantly wetting and soiling the floor in his cell and not communicating with his family or lawyers.
His 34-year-old daughter, Rika Matsumoto, said he doesn't understand his punishment and needs treatment so he can recover and talk. "I just want to hear my father explain in his own words," she tweeted recently.
Some of the condemned have expressed regret and contributed to anti-terrorism measures. Shoko Egawa, a journalist who has covered the cult's crimes from early on, has proposed keeping them alive so they can provide lessons to a world facing the growing threat of extremism.
Experts on the cult also warn that if they are executed, the members would be glorified as martyrs by cult remnants, likely bolstering their worship of Asahara.
Founded in 1984, the group attracted many young people, even graduates of top universities, whom Asahara hand-picked as close aides.
The cult amassed an arsenal of chemical, biological and conventional weapons to carry out Asahara's escalating criminal orders in anticipation of an apocalyptic showdown with the government.
The cult claimed 10,000 members in Japan and 30,000 in Russia. It has disbanded, though nearly 2,000 people follow its rituals in three splinter groups, monitored by authorities.
___
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at www.twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Find her work at https://www.apnews.com/search/mari%20yamaguchi
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Secret Service is warning financial institutions about a type of cyberattack known as jackpotting.
Secret Service officials say the crime involves installing malicious software or hardware at ATMs that force the machines to release large quantities of cash on demand.
They say criminals have been able to find vulnerabilities in financial institutions that operate ATMs, typically stand-alone machines located in pharmacies, big-box retailers and drive-thrus.
The Secret Service says the criminals range from individual actors to international organized crime syndicates.
The Secret Service says authorities have recently obtained credible information about planned jackpotting attacks in the U.S. and have alerted law enforcement and financial institutions.
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) — Al Holcomb followed his boss Steve Wilks from Carolina to Arizona and takes over a Cardinals defense that could be the team's biggest strength next season.
And it will be the coordinator Holcomb that runs the defense, the new head coach says.
"Al is going to call the defense," Wilks said at Holcomb's introductory news conference on Tuesday. "I believe in hiring coaches and allowing those guys to do their job."
But don't expect Holcomb to stray much from the Panthers' blueprint, which he and Wilks called "our DNA."
"Playing with balance and effort," Holcomb said. "Playing smart. Taking the ball away and finishing."
Holcomb was linebackers coach this season at Carolina, with Wilks the defensive coordinator. For four years before that, the two were together on the Panthers' staff, with Wilks serving as secondary coach. Holcomb was at the top of the list for the defensive coordinator job once Wilks was hired as Cardinals head coach.
"Al was one of the first guys I wanted to bring with me," Wilks said.
The Cardinals finished sixth in the NFL overall in defense this season. Their coordinator for the past four seasons, James Bettcher, has been hired as defensive coordinator by new New York Giants coach Pat Shurmur.
Holcomb inherits a defense that includes All-Pro outside linebacker Chandler Jones, who led the NFL with a franchise-record 17 sacks, and one of the game's best cornerbacks in Patrick Peterson, who had two interceptions in Sunday's Pro Bowl.
The Cardinals were known to blitz a lot, but the Panthers did it even more. So don't expect that to change, although the exact strategy will depend on the opponent.
"We're going to try and create negative plays," Holcomb said. "We're going to be aggressive. We're going to do things based on what we need to do to win the game and if it's by pressuring, we'll pressure. If it's by playing front coverage, we'll play front coverage. It's just going to come down to whom the opponent is."
Arizona is expected to have two of the NFL's best edge rushers in Jones and Markus Golden, who led the Cardinals in sacks with 12½ in 2016 but tore an ACL against San Francisco on Oct. 1 and missed the rest of 2017.
"Philosophically, we're going to line up and stop the run every week and that's going to be the main objective," Holcomb said, "but we know that this league has some great quarterbacks in it. You have to have the element of being able to rush the passer, which those guys do. We're going to put them in position and try to continue to allow them to have success, more than anything. I think it's a great starting point for us. ... Those guys are pretty special."
At Carolina, Holcomb helped develop the talented linebacker tandem of Luke Kuechly and Thomas Davis.
Although the Panthers played a base 4-3 defense and the Cardinals were a 3-4, there won't be that much difference in technique and scheme under the new regime, with defenses regularly using their "nickel" package to bring in an extra defensive back, the new coaches said.
"We have to evaluate what the personnel does best and obviously, there will be some subtleties and some subtle differences in some of the things that we do," Holcomb said, "most importantly probably the terminology more than anything."
Wilks said his familiarity with Holcomb probably will allow him to spend more time with the offense and its coordinator, Mike McCoy.
"Al and I know one another," Wilks said. "I know exactly, pretty much, what he's thinking because he's been under me this past year. We worked together the last five years. So he understands the expectations of the defense, what it should look like, our philosophy. I don't feel like I need to really spend a lot of time in that room."
Wilks also introduced new special teams coordinator Jeff Rodgers. Rodgers was special teams coordinator the past three seasons in Chicago.
There were special teams breakdowns in Arizona periodically over the past few seasons, but coach Bruce Arians stayed loyal to his coordinator, Amos Jones.
Wilks promised to keep a close eye on the special teams aspect of the game.
"We're going to make sure that we put the emphasis on special teams," he said. "You asked a question earlier about the history of special teams around here. It's not going to take a backseat to what we're trying to do."
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
22:49 Reported News Briefs Sivan 20, 5777 , 14/06/17 Sivan 20, 5777 , 14/06/17 Congressman in serious condition after GOP baseball shooting Read more Hospital reports House Majority Whip Steve Scalise in serious condition following politically motivated attack on GOP congressmen. ► ◄ Last Briefs
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Using Botox to get rid of frown lines may be an effective treatment for depression, a test shows.
As CBS2's Dr. Max Gomez reported, U.S. Army veteran Vivian Cooke has long struggled with debilitating depression. She has tried alternative therapies and medication to cope with her symptoms.
“It wasn't effective,” Cooke said. “Some side effects would be headaches or stomach ache.”
But then three years ago, she tried something different – after hearing about a study testing Botox to treat depression.
“We don't believe it has anything to do with looks,” said Dr. Eric Finzi of the Chevy Chase Cosmetic Center.
Finzi said facial expressions are part of the circuit of the brain related to mood.
“Fear, anger and sadness all go through this muscle, so Botox basically inhibits the muscle and calms it down,” Finzi explained, “so it becomes more difficult to feel those negative emotions.”
The makers of Botox just announced the final phase of testing for depression will begin. Finzi said previous studies show between 50 and 60 percent of patients will benefit from the treatment.
“Our hope is eventually it will form a place as one of the tools to treat depression,” Finzi said.
The theory is that when you're depressed, the brain causes facial frown lines. But the feedback from the facial muscles back to the brain reinforces the depression.
Botox is thought to break that feedback loop, allowing a more normal mental state.
Cooke said she noticed a change in her depression almost immediately.
“I found overall my mood was better on a day-to-day basis,” she said. “I had fewer problems with depression.”
And even though the study Cooke took part in is over, she said she will continue to receive the injections.
Because Botox typically wears off after a few months, the treatment may have to be repeated periodically if it works for depression. There is also the potential for a placebo effect.
Researchers are also testing whether Botox may be useful for bipolar disorder and social anxiety.
A judge on Monday appointed an attorney for James Alex Fields Jr., the man suspected of killing a woman as he allegedly mowed down a group of counterprotesters at a white supremacist rally here.
Fields, 20, is accused of driving his car into a crowd of people, killing Heather Heyer, a 32-year-old paralegal, who was protesting the "Unite the Right" march on Saturday.
Fields is being held on suspicion of second-degree murder, malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death.
Fields was also denied bail by a judge, the Associated Press reports.
The suspect appeared via videolink in front of Judge Robert Downer wearing a black and white jumpsuit and was informed of his charges and rights.
Bond was not set and the judge appointed attorney Charles Weber.
Downer set August 25 as the date for the next hearing, but it is possible there will be a bond hearing before then.
The incident took place as hundreds of white nationalists converged on Charlottesville to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate general and slavery advocate Robert E. Lee.
Nineteen people were injured during clashes, 10 of whom were listed Sunday in good condition by the University of Virginia Health System. Nine patients were released.
Two Virginia State Police troopers died when a helicopter crashed in a wooded area near Charlottesville after monitoring Saturday's events.
The clashes in Charlottesville sparked political fallout over the weekend, with critics blasting President Donald Trump for failing to single out white supremacists in his criticism of the violence. The Vice President, however, on Sunday did just that, calling out "dangerous fringe groups."
People around the nation marched Sunday in support of the anti-racism protesters in Charlottesville, with more than 130 rallies from California to Maine.
What do we know about Fields?
Fields was a man who possessed "outlandish, very radical beliefs," and a "fondness" for Adolf Hitler, according to Derek Weimer, who teaches social studies at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Kentucky.
"It was quite clear he had some really extreme views and maybe a little bit of anger behind them," Weimer told CNN. "Feeling, what's the word I'm looking for, oppressed or persecuted. He really bought into this white supremacist thing. He was very big into Nazism. He really had a fondness for Adolf Hitler."
Principal Mike Wilson said he remembered Fields as a quiet and reserved student who graduated in 2015. In August of that year, Fields was inducted into the Army but he left active duty in December 2015. A spokeswoman for the Army said he failed to meet training standards.
"As a result he was never awarded a military occupational skill nor was he assigned to a unit outside of basic training," Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said.
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told the Toledo Blade in Ohio, where he lives, that she didn't know her son was going to Virginia for a white nationalist rally. She thought it had something to do with Trump.
She told the Blade she didn't discuss politics with her son. She was surprised her son attended an event with white supremacists.
"He had an African-American friend," she told the Blade.
Pence decries neo-Nazis, 'dangerous fringe groups'
As criticism of Trump's response reverberated, Vice President Mike Pence condemned the violence and white supremacists.
"We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK," Pence said during a trip to Cartagena, Colombia. "These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Pence added: "The President also made clear that behavior by others of different militant perspectives are also unacceptable in our political debate and discourse."
The creator of one of the most prolific neo-Nazi websites praised Trump for not specifically blaming neo-Nazis and white supremacists, saying "he loves us."
Andrew Anglin of the Daily Stormer wrote that Trump's comments were "good."
"He didn't attack us. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. He said that we need to study why people are so angry, and implied that there was hate on ... both sides!" Anglin wrote. "There was virtually no counter-signaling of us at all. He loves us all."
Anglin did not respond to CNN's request for comment.
What happens now?
Three other men were arrested Saturday. One faces a charge of carrying a concealed handgun and another is charged with disorderly conduct. The third man was arrested on suspicion of assault and battery.
The Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have launched a civil rights investigation into the deadly crash, to be led by US Attorney Rick Mountcastle.
Investigators will be looking into Fields' alleged motives, and whether there's enough evidence for a domestic terrorism case.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) – A prominent white nationalist website that promoted a Virginia rally that ended in deadly violence Saturday is losing its internet domain host.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated GoDaddy's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race tells the New York Daily News that the Daily Stormer violated its terms of service by labeling a woman killed in an attack at the event in Charlottesville “fat” and “childless.” Heather Heyer was killed Saturday when police say a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators protesting the white nationalist rally.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down.
___
7:25 a.m.
Protesters spray-painted and broke a chunk off a statue depicting a Confederate soldier at an Atlanta park after they marched through the city to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that a lone policeman at Piedmont Park on Sunday night was surrounded by black-clad protesters shouting “pig” as demonstrators used chains to try and destroy the Peace Monument.
The statue depicts a winged angel standing over a Confederate soldier.
Video from local news outlets showed red spray paint covering much of the monument following the demonstration.
The Atlanta protest was among several around the nation over the weekend that were organized after a chaotic white supremacist rally in Virginia ended with deadly violence.
___
7:25 a.m.
The German government is condemning the white nationalist rally in Virginia that turned violent Saturday, expressing solidarity with peaceful counter-protesters.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesman Steffen Seibert told reporters Monday that it was an “absolutely repulsive scene at this extreme-right march.”
He said “there was outrageous racism, anti-Semitism and hate in its most despicable form to be seen, and whenever it comes to such speech or such images it is repugnant.”
He added that it's “completely contrary to what the chancellor and the German government works for politically, and we are in solidarity with those who stand peacefully against such aggressive extreme-right opinions.”
Seibert says Merkel also regrets the death of a counter-protester and sent her sympathies to those injured.
___
3 a.m.
An Ohio man accused of plowing his car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia is set to make his first court appearance.
Col. Martin Kumer, superintendent at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail, says 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. has a bond hearing Monday morning.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday. Jail officials told The Associated Press they don't know if he's obtained an attorney.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
PARIS (AP) — First-half goals from Radamel Falcao sent Monaco back into the League Cup final after a 2-0 home win against Montpellier on Wednesday.
Monaco will play Paris Saint-Germain on March 31 in a repeat of last year's final, which PSG won 4-1 for a fourth straight League Cup title.
Monaco had a first-half penalty overruled and a second-half strike from midfielder Rony Lopes disallowed on Wednesday after both were referred to the Video Assistant Referee. Montpellier wasted a couple of chances in the first half but otherwise showed scant attacking intent.
Falcao reacted with great awareness and nimble footwork to fire Monaco ahead in the 15th minute. Collecting a pass from defender Djibril Sidibe, he let the ball roll onto his foot, deftly flicked it up toward knee height and then swiveled to volley a shot into the bottom left corner.
The Colombia striker made it 22 goals in all competitions when he tapped in at the back post after a firm cross from the dynamic Lopes in the 29th.
Prior to that, Monaco was given a penalty in the 17th when forward Steven Jovetic tumbled under a challenge from goalkeeper Benjamin Lecomte. But the penalty was withdrawn after referee Amaury Deleru referred it to the VAR. Images showed Lecomte touching the ball with his arm before connecting with Jovetic's leg.
Lopes thought he had made it 3-0 in the 65th, finishing confidently after Falcao's cut-back from the left flank. But the VAR review disallowed it — once again correctly — because Falcao was marginally offside when receiving a pass before peeling away to set up his teammate.
PSG won 3-2 away to Rennes in Tuesday's semifinal, where the VAR was used three times. Each side had a goal disallowed and PSG forward Kylian Mbappe was sent off.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin (mih-NOO'-shin) will soon travel to China for talks as the two global economic powers deal with trade tensions.
Trump says during a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron that Mnuchin will be going to China "in a few days to negotiate on trade." Trump says the U.S. and China are "very serious" and is reiterating plans to impose tariffs up to $100 billion more on Chinese goods.
Trump says the U.S. "will continue unless we make a trade deal." But he adds, "I think we've got a very good chance of making a deal."
Mnuchin has expressed optimism that the countries could avoid a trade war. He met last week with financial officials from China, Japan and Europe.
Building a slide deck, pitch, or presentation? Here are the big takeaways:
Amazon Key will now deliver packages into a customer's vehicle at no extra charge, saving them time and money.
Professionals can have packages delivered to their car in the office parking lot, which is more professional than fielding personal deliveries inside the office.
Amazon Prime members can now have their Amazon orders delivered directly into their car through Amazon Key, the company announced in a Tuesday press release.
Amazon Key was originally touted as the service for delivering packages directly into the home of the recipient. Now, however, the Amazon Key In-Car service will deliver packages into compatible vehicles as long as they are parked somewhere that is publicly accessible, like a work or home address, the press release said.
Amazon Key In-Car is now available in 37 US cities, and currently works with 2015 or newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac with OnStar; and 2015 or newer Volvo cars with Volvo On Call, according to an Amazon spokesperson.
SEE: Workplace safety policy (Tech Pro Research)
"To get started, customers download the Amazon Key App and then link their Amazon account with their connected car service account," the release said. "Once setup is complete and the delivery location has been registered, customers can shop on Amazon.com and select the "In-Car" delivery option at checkout."
Amazon customer Scott L. from Miami noted in the release that he setup the service with his OnStar-equipped car, only giving Amazon permission to unlock the trunk and re-lock the vehicle. And each time a delivery driver requests access to the customer's car, it's done through an encrypted authentication process, the release said. Once the driver is confirmed to be at the right place with the right package, the car is unlocked. "No special codes or keys are ever provided to delivery drivers," the release said.
On delivery day, customers must confirm they are parked within range of the delivery location and are then given a 4-hour window for when the delivery will take place.
Amazon Key In-Car is safer than having a package delivered to one's porch, as thefts of online purchases have skyrocketed. But, it's also less invasive than allowing someone into a home, as is the process with the traditional Amazon Key delivery service.
For professionals, Amazon Key In-Car can save time and provide piece of mind by having packaged delivered into a car parked in the office parking lot. It's also a lot more professional than having personal packages delivered to the office during the work day.
With Key and Key In-Car, Amazon is working to blend the digital transformation of e-commerce with the physical world. It's a small look at the future of the connected world and why people like Larry Dignan, of our sister site ZDNet, have called the company out as being one of the most innovative tech companies today.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Tech News You Can Use newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
Mike Van Ryn is leaving his post with the Arizona Coyotes affiliate to join the St. Louis Blues as an assistant coach, according to multiple reports.
The 39-year-old Londoner led the Tucson Roadrunners to a 42-20-5-1 record and the Pacific Division championship in his only season in charge of the American Hockey League team. He previously was a player development coach for the Coyotes, a job he took after spending three years with the Kitchener Rangers — the final one in 2015-16 as head coach.
Van Ryn is familiar with the Blues organization. The former NHL first-round defenceman played in St. Louis for parts of three seasons from 2000-03 before moving on to Florida and then the Leafs. He retired in 2009.
This is his first NHL coaching opportunity.
“I'd like to thank Mike for everything that he did for the Roadrunners last season,” Tucson GM Steve Sullivan said. “We wish him and his family all the best in the future.”
Alanna Smith scored 28 points with four 3-pointers, Brittany McPhee added 17 points and nine rebounds and No. 4 seed Stanford is headed back to the Lexington Regional for a third straight March after beating scrappy 12th-seeded Florida Gulf Coast 90-70 on Monday night.
Freshman Kiana Williams shined on the big stage for the second time in three days with 12 points and six assists for the Cardinal (24-10), on to the Sweet 16 for the 11th straight season.
Florida Gulf Coast (31-5) set the single-season 3-point record with 431, breaking Sacramento State's mark of 424 from 2014-15, but didn't have the depth or talent to keep up against a taller Stanford team that made it hard for the Eagles to do their signature move: drive and dish.
Stanford will take on No. 1 Louisville — the first matchup between the power programs — on Friday in the regional semifinals. Playing previously in Lexington, the Cardinal lost to Washington in the 2016 Elite Eight then advanced to the Final Four from that regional last season.
China Dow found her shooting touch following intermission and hit the tying and breaking 3s in the third quarter as FGCU set the 3-point mark after the Eagles made nine in the first half.
Dow finished with 23 points all in the second half and six 3-pointers as the Eagles ran up their remarkable 3-point total for the season.
Yet do-everything Dow didn't have the kind of steady game she produced in a first-round win against fifth-seeded Missouri. She missed her first five field-goal tries, and four 3s, before she connected from deep with 7:39 left in the third for her first points of the night. She hit again from 3 at the 6:16 mark of the third for the single-season record.
The Eagles, without a single 6-footer on the roster, won 11 of their final 12 games and 21 of 23.
Stanford shot 12 for 17 in the first quarter to take a 33-17 lead but went 3 of 11 for only 10 points in the second as their halftime lead was cut to 43-35.
BIG PICTURE
Florida Gulf Coast: FGCU scored its first 12 points all on 3s. ... The Eagles, with their RainingThrees hashtag, finished another special season. They were in the NCAA Tournament for the fifth time in seven years with Division I postseason eligibility and won an NCAA game for the first time since beating Oklahoma State in 2015.
Stanford: The Cardinal are 36-4 in NCAA games at home in Maples Pavilion. ... Hall of Fame coach Tara VanDerveer and her team defeated FGCU as the Hall of Fame coach won her milestone 900th career game at Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, in November 2013.
A SPECIAL RING
This NCAA tournament is especially memorable for Val Whiting, who played on the only two Stanford national champion teams in 1990 and '92.
In late January, Whiting received her '90 championship rings back from a complete stranger — Julie Mayer Pedilini in Pennsylvania — after it had been lost for 20 years.
"Fab Four has been restored," Whiting posted on Twitter with a photo of her rings. "I not only found a lost treasure but now have a new friend."
Pedelini was searching through her late father-in-law's things when she found the ring, which had a basketball and Whiting's initials. A quick Google search produced Whiting's linked in page, with a photo of the identical 1992 ring. So, Pedelini reached out and Whiting soon responded.
"Sometimes things happen for reasons we don't know," Pedilini said in a Facebook post about her discovery at her mother-in-law's home in Delaware, where Whiting had once lived. "It is kind of nice when those are nice things."
Whiting and her ex-husband had once been in a near-fatal car accident and she believes the ring might have been in that car and later found.
Only recently did Whiting get back her '92 rings she had loaned to Villanova's Adrianna Hahn "as inspiration."
"She was entering her freshman year and I said, 'take it as something to aspire to,'" Whiting recalled in an email to The AP.
"I'm very grateful to have all my rings now and yes," Whiting said, "March Madness hammers that feeling home."
———
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.orghttps://twitter.com/AP—Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Eva Longoria is a master of multitasking.
The 43-year-old actress is producing a new pilot, continuing her work with the Time's Up initiative, launching her clothing line on HSN and preparing to welcome her first child with husband Jose "Pepe" Baston.
"I have two babies," said Longoria with a hearty laugh. "My line and my actual baby in my stomach."
For Longoria, who has been sewing and designing since she was 7, everything comes back to championing women.
"You have to be comfortable not only physically in what you're wearing, but like comfortable in your skin. Does that empower me? Do I feel like this is my best self today? And that's what my collection is meant to do."
The former "Desperate Housewives" star has been rallying for parity in Hollywood and beyond alongside the Time's Up campaign, which raised $20 million and helped 1,500 women with harassment suits. She gave an impassioned speech at the recent women's march in Los Angeles and called out E! over a pay equity dispute with former anchor Catt Sadler during an interview with the network at the Golden Globes.
"It's not a moment, it's a movement," she said of continuing the momentum after Hollywood's awards season. "It needs to be celebrated and applauded every time we have an accomplishment. But at the same time, we just need to keep moving it forward and we need to keep making real change."
The thread of female empowerment is also woven throughout the Eva Longoria Collection.
"I wanted to really get inspiration from real women in the world and I wanted to use my global travels to, you know, give it a personality of not only Eva's DNA, but a global DNA of like women everywhere doing everything," she said.
Her spring line features ruffled sleeves, graphic tees, floral patterns and feminine pleated skirts meant to be dressed up for work or down with a pair of sneakers.
During an interview in Los Angeles, Longoria showed off patterned crepe jumpsuits, which she calls "onesies," wide-legged pants and comfy stretch denim she promised will ward off the dreaded muffin top.
Longoria sported one of the collection's popular bomber jackets in floral-print jacquard, joking that it's the only thing that fit her growing belly.
"I'm in the golden months of energy! And the glow— although that's my highlighter," she said. "I feel great. I feel good, you know, and I feel my best when I'm working. So people are like, 'Slow down! Slow down!' And it's just not who I am. It's not in my DNA."
There's little time to relax as she's currently producing a pilot for the ABC drama "Grand Hotel," launching her collection live on HSN on March 22 and 23 and starring in the remake of 80's comedy "Overboard," which premieres in May.
"Then I can really relax and just bake the baby," she added.
—————
Online:
https://www.hsn.com/shop/eva-longoria/9160
https://evalongoria.com
—————
Follow Nicole Evatt on Twitter at https://twitter.com/NicoleEvatt
BURLEY, Idaho (AP) — An unexploded bomb has been found in the doorway of a new, unopened downtown Idaho restaurant.
The Times-News reports a bomb squad from Twin Falls detonated the bomb in Burley shortly after 8 a.m. Monday.
Authorities say the bomb's fuse had been lit but the device didn't detonate.
Firefighters found the bomb while extinguishing a blaze at an empty building across the street. Authorities say they're not certain whether a bomb started the fire, but they're working under that assumption.
No one was injured.
Cassia County Undersheriff George Warrell says authorities are hoping someone has more information about a white pickup spotted in the area around the time they believe the bomb was set.
The incident is under investigation.
___
Information from: The Times-News, http://www.magicvalley.com
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (AP) — The Latest on the Alabama Senate race (all times local):
9:45 a.m.
An official has quit the Republican National Committee over the GOP's support of Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, who faces accusations of sexual assault and harassment.
Joyce Simmons, the GOP national committeewoman from Nebraska, emailed the 168-member governing body Monday to inform them that she had tendered her resignation. She writes: "I strongly disagree with the recent RNC financial support directed to the Alabama Republican Party for use in the Roy Moore race."
Simmons adds that she wishes she could have continued her service "to the national Republican Party that I used to know well.'
The RNC had pulled support from Moore after the allegations surfaced against him last month. But the organization re-entered the race once President Donald Trump endorsed Moore, citing the need for a Republican in the seat.
___
3:35 a.m.
Republican Roy Moore and Democrat Doug Jones are making their final pushes ahead of Tuesday's special Senate election in Alabama.
Jones and Democrats are framing the election as a way for Alabama to reject its history of politicians with baggage that hampers the state.
Republicans say its about keeping a conservative hold on Alabama and not giving Democrats any opportunity to derail President Donald Trump's agenda before the 2018 midterms.
In truth, the matchup is a mix of Alabama's history and the partisan divides plaguing Washington.
Jones says it would be disastrous to elect Moore after the former judge was accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls. Moore denies the charges.
Moore and other Republicans say Jones would be a puppet of liberal Democratic leaders out of step with Alabama.
The buzzing of cicadas seems at first to drown out any other noise. But then, the
sound of a voice emerges. Through the insects' din, there is a voice. It's staccato, severe, almost angry. It's the sound of propaganda.
Blaring from speakers on the other side of one of the world's most militarized borders are recordings from Kim Jong-un's propaganda machine – speeches in support of the dear leader, stories of North Korea's power and prestige, and instructions on how to be a good and loyal citizen.
This is the Joint Security Area of Korea's Demilitarized Zone, perhaps the most famous border between two countries in the world.
Created in 1951 as a site for peace talks to end the Korean War, this special administrative zone is where the armed conflict was halted with an armistice signed by the North and South in 1953.
There's never been a peace treaty or an end to hostility -- only a cessation of fighting.
Mention of the DMZ may spark familiar images of the famous light-blue buildings side by side, with soldiers on opposite sides of the line staring at each other across a row of cement blocks, with sand on the north side and gravel on the south.
In reality, the DMZ is very large, stretching the entire peninsula, and here at the Joint Security Area, there's rarely more than a couple people from each side outside, except on a day like today when there are guests. Then, one side will send a small contingent of troops to stand guard as their visitors gingerly walk around, snapping selfies on their phones.
If the guests are important enough or draw lots of attention, North Korean soldiers will often rush out, peer through the windows, and snap some photos themselves. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson received that treatment this past February.
Korea Pool/Yonhap via AP
Among those on guard on the southern side of the border are American soldiers. Between 60 and 80 of them live no more than a five-minute drive at Camp Bonifas in the DMZ, a United Nations Command post set up to monitor the armistice.
The security area itself is run by the UN Command and North Korea as an area for exchange, and until 1976, soldiers from both sides crossed the border in this area freely. It all changed that year after North Korean troops murdered two U.S. soldiers with an axe as they tried to cut down a tree; the weapon is still kept on display in a North Korean museum just across the border.
There haven't been talks in the security area since 2013 – a sign of the sour relations.
While this one area may be the iconic location, the DMZ is a buffer zone that stretches a mile and a quarter on either side of the border. When the North and South signed the armistice in 1953, they agreed to pull troops back that distance from the Military Demarcation Line, which meanders diagonally 155 miles across Korea near the 38th Parallel.
ABC News
The 38th Parallel is what most people remember, but it was the original division that cut the peninsula cleanly along the latitude line between Soviet and American influence before the war. The postwar line comes close to it though, and it has effectively divided the peninsula and its people in half ever since.
Along the border, now over six decades old, military activity is still forbidden, except at the Joint Security Area. It is a no man's land that has become a haven for wildlife, with a resurgence of animals like the goral and the white-naped crane.
The DMZ has become surprisingly popular for tourists, too. From eco-tourists searching for rare flora and fauna to history buffs climbing into the defunct tunnels that North Korea built under the DMZ and into the South, thousands of visitors flock to the South Korean side to see attractions along the border.
There are those tunnels – four that have been discovered – that are as large as seven feet wide and thousands of feet long. Kim Il Sung, the grandfather of the North Korean state and its current leader Kim Jong-un, believed that a quick surprise invasion would be the best way to win a war, and as many as 2,000 of his soldiers could have flooded into the South every hour using one tunnel.
Above ground, the much wealthier South Korea has built observatories overlooking North Korea, who has tried to mask the poverty of its people by constructing propaganda villages – empty areas, but blaring the music or messages of the regime.
ABC News
While the music or the propaganda may seem funny at times, it's worth remembering that that armistice means there is no peace – and just behind the speakers, less than two miles away, lie 14,000 tubes of artillery aimed at the South and an army of over 1 million North Koreans devoted to their dear leader.
Seventy percent of North Korea's army is within 60 miles of the border, and 50 percent of its navy and air force are that close as well.
On the southern side, the might of the U.S. military backs up very capable South Korean armed forces. There are 28,500 Americans troops stationed in South Korea, not to mention the massive weaponry or the naval ships on rotation to the region.
With the two sides entrenched in this decades-old conflict – one that seems to be escalating with increasingly bellicose language from President Trump and Kim Jong-un – it seems like after all this time, those propaganda messages may be falling on deaf ears.
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — Industrial equipment maker Siemens AG says its net income rose 12 percent to 2.2 billion euros ($2.7 billion) in the last three months of 2017, helped by one-time gains from the sale of shares in its Osram lighting business and from the U.S. corporate tax cut.
The company said results for the quarter — its fiscal first — benefited from the upswing in the global economy. Revenue rose 3 percent to 19.8 billion euros ($24.6 billion) while orders rose 14 percent to 22.5 billion euros. Orders are key to future earnings for the company.
CEO Joe Kaeser said Wednesday that "the first quarter underlines the strength of our company."
Siemens products include trains, medical imaging machines, and power turbines.
PARIS (AP) — A cold case in France is heating up, with three new arrests this week over the 1984 killing of a 4-year-old boy named Gregory.
The investigation has involved family rivalries, judicial bungling and 12,000 pieces of evidence — including about 2,000 anonymous letters — in the three decades since his corpse was pulled from a freezing river in eastern France.
The Burgundy gendarme service and Dijon appeals court said in a statement that three people were arrested Wednesday. Local newspaper L'Est Republicain reported that they were a great-uncle, great-aunt and aunt of Gregory's and that they are suspected of complicity in the killing.
A relative was initially jailed but released — and then killed by Gregory's father. Then Gregory's mother was accused of killing her son, before being cleared.
BRISTOL — As the monster energy cup series drivers prepare to roll into Bristol Motor Speedway this weekend, Roger Penske driver Brad Keselowski is the only one with two wins.
Ironcially Keselowski who's 4th in the points standings has yet to pick up a stage win this season.
each race is comprised of stages and drivers can collect as much as 10 points if they finish in the top 10 in each stage..
but Keselowski feels the stage racing will make little difference at Bristol this weekend.
“I not really sure the new format is going to effect Bristol Motor Speedway we're going to learn real quick aren't we that track has been one that's so dynamic the bottom, the top of the race track, the middle of the race track you seemed like you run every lane and it's like you have to be so adaptive as drivers which makes it a fun challenge but we've had a lot of success thru the years and hopefully we can do it again and win another race there.”
Keselowski has won 2 times at Bristol, but that was 2011 and 2012 when he was in a dodge.
An area child advocacy agency is at the center of change as it debuts a new name and takes over and expands a beloved annual event.
Surry SCAN (Stop Child Abuse Now) is changing its name to ‘Parenting PATH' (Positive Accent, Thriving Home), said director Tamara Veit. The agency is also taking over the annual “Andy and Opie Take Me Fishing Day,” expanding the event with added activities and presenting it as “Healthy Family Hoopla” on Saturday from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. at Westwood Park.
Mount Airy Women's League has been sponsoring the fishing event for years, but were looking for someone to take it over, according to Veit.
“Lisa Goodin from the Women's League is on the SCAN board, and it seemed right for us. It will be replacing an event we did with schools that had a lot of vendors,” said Veit.
“April is Child Abuse Prevention Month and the first week of May is Children's Mental Health Awareness Week so we are doing it at the end of April,” said Veit.
Tumbling Rock Reservoir in Westwood Park is stocked with channel catfish, largemouth bass, red ear sunfish, and bluegill. There's a pier that is handicapped-accessible, and according to Veit, this year there's going to be a golf cart to drive people up and down the hill.
“There's no reason to let a bad knee or something like that hold you back,” said Veit.
For those who have the equipment, she says folks are welcome to bring their fishing poles and tackle, or a fishing pole will be provided along with bait.
“A single mother with no fishing experience can bring kids and there will be somebody there who knows what to do,” said Veit. “It's a wonderful event where families can spend some time together, and it's absolutely free.”
“'Catch a fish, get a prize' is the order of the day,” said Veit. “Every time a kid catches a fish, they get a prize.”
This festive day will also include other activities, such as face painting, games, sand art and distributing healthy family information. Great prizes will be offered along with free hot dogs, drinks and snacks.
Healthy Family Hoopla will be at Westwood Park, Tumbling Rock Reservoir, 1250 Galax Trail, Mount Airy, on Saturday from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. The NC Wildlife Commission stocks the ponds and assists families with poles and bait. For more information, contact Kelly @ kajj123@gmail.com, 336-789-9064. Regular fishing regulations apply. (Fishing license not required for minors.)
People crowd the fishing pier at Westwood Park on Andy and Opie Fishing Day in 2016. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_Fishin3.jpg People crowd the fishing pier at Westwood Park on Andy and Opie Fishing Day in 2016. File photo | The News Maya Santana, left, shows off her catfish with Women's League president Lisa Parrish at Andy and Opie Fishing Day in 2016. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_Fishin4.jpg Maya Santana, left, shows off her catfish with Women's League president Lisa Parrish at Andy and Opie Fishing Day in 2016. File photo | The News
By Bill Colvard bcolvard@MtAiryNews.com
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
19:41 Reported News Briefs Shvat 18, 5778 , 03/02/18 Shvat 18, 5778 , 03/02/18 Man who rammed Muslims in London sentenced to life in prison Read more Judge sentences rammer to life in prison, says he carried out a 'terrorist attack' and 'intended to kill.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
The Culinary Union detailed Wednesday how it thinks a one-month strike would affect MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected.
The contracts of 50,000 workers employed at 34 casino-hotels expire at midnight Thursday. They could walk off the job any time starting Friday after voting last week to authorize a strike.
MGM says it met with union negotiators this week and has more talks scheduled. The company says it remains confident that it can "resolve the outstanding contract issues."
Caesars did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday.
Mexican drug lord and escape artist Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman wants to hire new lawyers in his U.S. drug trafficking case, but there are questions about how they'll get paid.
Guzman is set to appear Monday in federal court in Brooklyn where a judge is expected to address questions about whether he can replace his public defense lawyers with private ones.
His current legal team has asked for assurances from prosecutors that if he hires the private lawyers, the government won't later seek forfeiture of any legal fees based on arguments the money came from his estimated $14 billion in drug profits.
Prosecutors have argued that taxpayers shouldn't have to pay for his defense. But they also said in a letter to the court last week that the government will not "grant a blanket prospective assurance" that it won't go after money spent on a private defense.
One of the private lawyers seeking to represent Guzman successfully defended John "Junior" Gotti, son of the notorious organized crime family boss, at a 2005 trial. The younger Gotti walked free after an acquittal on a securities fraud count and a mistrial on more serious racketeering counts.
In phone interviews with The Associated Press last week, the lawyer, Jeffrey Lichtman, said he's more concerned about getting the court to sign off on the change of lawyers than about legal fees.
"I'm going into the case regardless," Lichtman said.
As for his impressions of Guzman, "He is charming, funny, highly intelligent. I enjoyed getting to know him. ... I don't judge someone by what I read in the papers."
Mexico extradicted Guzman in January to the U.S., where he pleaded not guilty to charges that his drug trafficking operation, the Sinaloa cartel, laundered billions of dollars and oversaw a ruthless campaign of murders and kidnappings.
The defense has claimed that he's being held in inhumane and overly restrictive conditions at a high-security jail in Manhattan known for housing alleged mobsters and terrorists.
The government has argued that his strict jail conditions are appropriate for someone who escaped from prison twice in Mexico, including once through a mile-long (1.6-kilometer-long) tunnel dug to the shower in his cell. Prosecutors said that even while he was behind bars in Mexico, Guzman used coded messages, bribes and other means to control his Sinaloa cartel and orchestrate his breakouts.
———
AP reporter Claudia Torrens in New York contributed to this report.
Rabbi Aharon Leib Shteinman, the spiritual leader of Israel's non-Hassidic ultra-Orthodox Jews of European descent and one of the country's most influential and powerful rabbis, died Tuesday. He was 104.
Shteinman was hospitalized several weeks ago with shortness of breath and passed away early on Tuesday. Hundreds of thousands were expected to attend his noontime funeral in the central Israeli ultra-Orthodox city of Bnei Brak and major roads were being shut down in advance of the procession.
Shteinman was a longtime political kingmaker whose orders were strictly followed by his representatives in parliament. His influence, however, far surpassed just that and he was seen as the leading voice of the entire community on many issues of religion and state. Following the 2012 death of his predecessor, Rabbi Yosef Shalom Elyashiv, he was widely regarded as "Gadol Hador," or "leader of the generation."
The ultra-Orthodox, known in Hebrew as "Haredim," or "those who fear God," are the fastest growing sector in Israel. Due to their high birth rate, they now number more than 1 million people, or about 12 percent of Israel's 8.7 million citizens, with the majority living beneath the poverty line.
Shteinman was known for his rabbinic scholarship, his relatively pragmatic rulings and extremely modest lifestyle. He was often called to judge on sensitive matters such as how much the traditionally insular community should integrate with the larger Israeli society, embrace technology, pursue higher education, work or agree to serve in the large security military. In recent years, he had faced a challenge from a more extremist rabbi in Jerusalem who sent thousands into the street to protest the small numbers of ultra-Orthodox who have enlisted.
Rabbi Yehoshua Pfeffer, an expert on the ultra-Orthodox community, said that until just recently Shteinman was of clear mind and hosting followers who sought his advice.
"He was a person who knew very carefully how to balance the needs of the community with the needs of the individual," he said. "His legacy is greatness of scholarship ... but at the same time a very nuanced leadership."
Israeli President Reuven Rivlin praised Shteinman as a leader who "carried on his shoulders the existential weight of the Jewish people."
Donald Trump should stand "on the right side of history" by reconsidering the decision to pull the United States out of the Paris climate change accord, former United Nations chief Ban Ki-moon said Wednesday.
"If the U.S. withdraws, this has a much bigger political impact. I'm afraid that any leadership vacuum could be filled by others, and this is not what we want to see," Ban said Wednesday in an interview with The Associated Press. He called the choice made by the U.S. president "misguided" and said that it responded to "a short-term vision."
He also called on the public to raise its voice and said that commitment to the agreement from governors, mayors, business leaders and civil society in the U.S. was "very encouraging."
For almost a decade, Ban spearheaded negotiations to combat climate change that eventually led to the pledge of keeping global temperatures from rising another degree Celsius by 2100.
Nearly 200 countries, including the U.S., signed the agreement in December 2015.
"I sincerely hope that President Trump stands on the right side of history," Ban said in Madrid.
As the world's largest economy, the United States is the planet's number two polluter after China, accounting for 14 percent of global emissions.
"The decision has implications and effects politically and psychologically much larger than 14 percent, because smaller countries have traditionally followed Washington's leadership" said Ban, calling on the U.S. leader to show "global vision."
On Wednesday, Ban joined more than 50 former world leaders who criticized the current U.S. administration's view on climate change and warned of "unpredictable and possibly regrettable" consequences. They also called on other signatories of the Paris agreement to "show greater urgency and commitment in the fight against global warming."
The leaders represented about half of the members of the Club de Madrid alliance, which Ban joined recently as an honorary member.
Among the signatories were former Chilean President and former U.N. envoy for climate change Ricardo Lagos, Nobel Peace winner and former East Timor leader Jose Manuel Ramos-Horta and former New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark, who also headed the U.N.'s development agency.
Ban also referred to the situation in the Korean Peninsula as "very worrisome" following Pyongyang's continuing of weapons launches, against U.N. Security Council resolutions, including recent anti-ship missiles.
The former South Korean foreign minister said the testing of ballistic technology is putting Kim Jong-un's regime "on the verge" of being able to develop a nuclear-tipped long-range missile.
"Never before since the Korean War has the level of tension been so high," Ban said, calling on North Korea "to stop all provocations" in order for the international community to restart a dialogue.
He also said that the leaders of the U.S. and South Korea should come up with solutions to reduce the tension in the Korean Peninsula during a summit in Washington in late June.
———
This story has been corrected to show that the U.S. is the world's No. 2 polluter, after China.
The Philippine government has formally asked a Quezon City regional trial court to order the rearrest of National Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP) consultants and top Communist leaders Benito and Wilma Tiamzon.
In a manifestation and motion for the issuance of recommitment order received by Quezon City RTC branch 216 on Monday, Solicitor General Jose Calida asked that the Tiamzon couple's bail be cancelled following the termination of peace talks with communist rebels.
The Tiamzons were released from detention in August last year to participate as NDFP consultants in the peace negotiations in Oslo, Norway.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Considering that the peace negotiations in Oslo, Norway are terminated, the accused who were granted conditional release should be recommitted to the courts and their respective bonds should be automatically cancelled,” Calida said.
“The GRP panel respectfully prays that this manifestation and motion be granted, and the accused Benito Tiamzon and Wilma Austria Tiamzon be recommitted and their bail be automatically cancelled,” the solicitor general wrote in his prayer.
In response, the Tiamzon's lawyers asked the court to defer the resolution on the government's motion “so as not to render moot and academic the efforts and overwhelming calls toward the resumption of peace negotiations.”
Following the termination of peace talks, President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered the arrest of NDFP consultants once they set foot in the country. The government also terminated the Joint Agreement on Safety and Immunity Guarantees, which guarantees protection to negotiators, consultants and other personnel joining the peace talks. RAM
Global Forecast - Asia as of 13:30 GMT Tuesday, January 30, 2018
Minimum and maximum temperatures in Celsius, precipitation in centimeters and weather conditions as recorded for the previous day (Jan 29 except Asia and Australia where data is for Jan 30) and forecast for the current and following day in each city as of 1330 GMT:
_____
CITY;MIN;MAX;COND;PRECIP;MIN;MAX;COND;MIN;MAX;COND
Abidjan;25;32;pc;0.23;25;31;pc;25;31;pc
Abu Dhabi;17;21;pc;0;16;21;pc;16;22;clr
Aleppo;3;13;clr;0;3;14;pc;4;14;pc
Algiers;8;16;clr;0;11;17;c;10;18;clr
Amsterdam;3;7;pc;7.37;3;8;rn;4;6;pc
Anchorage;-15;-7;clr;0;-17;-8;clr;-17;-10;clr
Ashgabat;-5;4;clr;0;-3;7;clr;0;14;clr
Astana;-24;-11;clr;0;-24;-11;c;-23;-14;pc
Asuncion;24;32;pc;3.05;24;32;rn;24;32;rn
Athens;7;17;clr;0;8;17;pc;8;16;pc
Auckland;20;25;clr;0;21;26;c;20;24;rn
Baghdad;3;17;clr;0;4;17;clr;5;18;clr
Bahrain;15;19;pc;0;15;19;clr;15;20;clr
Banda Aceh;24;33;rn;3.12;23;31;rn;23;32;pc
Bangalore;14;29;clr;0;13;29;clr;13;30;clr
Bangkok;24;34;pc;0;23;32;rn;20;28;pc
Barcelona;6;15;clr;0;7;15;pc;5;12;pc
Beijing;-7;5;clr;0;-8;3;clr;-7;4;pc
Belgrade;0;14;pc;0;1;12;pc;7;14;pc
Berlin;2;6;pc;5.89;2;9;rn;1;6;pc
Bogota;7;20;c;0;7;20;pc;7;21;pc
Brasilia;20;29;rn;10.92;19;26;rn;19;25;rn
Bratislava;0;9;rn;0;2;7;pc;1;6;rn
Brisbane;21;29;pc;7.24;21;34;clr;20;24;rn
Brussels;5;9;c;2.46;2;9;rn;2;6;rn
Bucharest;-2;11;pc;0;-3;8;pc;0;10;clr
Budapest;-1;10;pc;0;3;8;pc;3;10;rn
Buenos Aires;23;31;clr;0;23;31;pc;24;32;clr
Bujumbura;19;28;c;5.21;19;32;c;19;33;pc
Busan;-4;5;clr;0;-3;6;pc;-3;7;clr
Cairo;9;20;clr;0;10;20;pc;9;20;clr
Cape Town;17;25;rn;0;15;24;clr;17;28;clr
Caracas;19;26;pc;0.99;19;27;pc;19;25;pc
Chennai;19;30;clr;0;18;31;clr;19;31;clr
Chicago;-2;0;pc;2.36;-3;7;c;-15;-1;pc
Colombo;24;32;rn;0;23;30;rn;23;31;pc
Copenhagen;2;5;pc;2.82;1;5;rn;0;4;rn
Dakar;16;21;clr;0;16;21;pc;16;21;pc
Dallas;7;16;clr;0;11;21;pc;4;18;pc
Dar es Salaam;24;33;pc;0;24;32;pc;24;31;pc
Denver;2;17;c;0;-3;12;pc;-3;5;c
Dhahran;8;20;pc;0;9;21;clr;10;21;clr
Dhaka;13;24;pc;0;14;27;pc;15;27;pc
Dili;24;32;rn;3.48;24;29;rn;24;31;rn
Dubai;17;22;pc;0;16;22;clr;16;23;clr
Dublin;2;8;c;15.27;2;6;rn;1;7;pc
Dushanbe;-4;3;clr;5.03;-2;11;pc;-4;9;clr
Gibraltar;14;16;rn;0.99;13;16;rn;11;17;pc
Hanoi;8;13;c;0.51;10;12;c;10;15;pc
Harare;17;24;rn;7.26;18;26;rn;18;26;rn
Havana;18;21;pc;3.91;17;23;pc;19;26;pc
Helsinki;-7;-2;sn;16.74;-5;-3;pc;-6;-2;sn
Ho Chi Minh City;23;33;pc;1.24;22;32;pc;22;32;pc
Hong Kong;8;14;c;0;7;12;c;9;15;clr
Honolulu;22;28;pc;0;22;27;rn;23;28;rn
Hyderabad;14;31;clr;0;15;31;clr;15;32;clr
Islamabad;7;23;pc;0.51;9;22;c;7;22;pc
Istanbul;5;13;clr;0;4;11;clr;9;14;clr
Jakarta;24;31;rn;1.02;24;31;rn;24;31;rn
Jeddah;19;27;pc;0;20;28;clr;21;29;clr
Jerusalem;3;12;pc;1.17;3;13;clr;4;14;clr
Johannesburg;14;24;rn;22.15;15;26;pc;16;26;rn
Kabul;-4;8;clr;2.13;-5;4;rn;-7;8;clr
Karachi;15;30;pc;0;16;29;pc;13;30;pc
Kathmandu;6;16;clr;0;6;19;pc;5;19;pc
Khartoum;13;27;clr;0;14;29;clr;16;31;clr
Kiev;-1;6;sn;1.02;-2;3;c;1;5;pc
Kingston;24;31;rn;0.23;23;31;pc;22;30;rn
Kinshasa;23;33;pc;4.45;23;32;rn;24;32;pc
Kolkata;12;27;clr;0;13;28;pc;14;27;pc
Kuala Lumpur;23;33;rn;7.34;22;33;pc;22;33;rn
Kuwait;6;19;clr;0;6;19;clr;7;20;clr
La Paz;6;14;c;2.79;6;14;c;5;12;c
Lagos;24;34;pc;0;24;33;pc;24;32;clr
Lima;20;25;pc;0;20;24;pc;20;24;pc
Lisbon;8;17;pc;0;8;16;pc;7;15;clr
London;5;9;pc;0.25;3;8;pc;2;7;pc
Los Angeles;13;29;pc;0;12;26;clr;12;26;pc
Luanda;25;31;pc;0.28;25;31;c;25;31;pc
Madrid;0;15;clr;0;2;15;pc;0;13;pc
Male;25;30;pc;0.99;27;29;rn;27;30;pc
Manaus;24;31;c;0;23;30;rn;24;29;rn
Manila;23;30;pc;0;23;31;pc;23;31;rn
Mecca;19;31;pc;0;21;32;clr;22;32;pc
Melbourne;13;20;rn;21.49;11;18;c;13;22;clr
Mexico City;5;16;pc;0.48;7;21;pc;8;22;pc
Miami;16;22;pc;2.16;18;22;pc;16;25;pc
Minsk;-3;3;sn;5.92;-3;0;c;-2;2;sn
Mogadishu;24;30;clr;0;24;30;pc;24;30;pc
Montevideo;20;30;clr;0;19;29;pc;21;30;clr
Montreal;-14;-8;c;0.51;-6;-6;sn;-11;2;sn
Moscow;-3;1;sn;2.67;-12;-1;sn;-9;-7;c
Mumbai;18;35;pc;0;17;33;pc;18;32;pc
Nairobi;14;30;pc;0;14;29;pc;13;29;clr
New Delhi;12;28;pc;0;12;24;pc;12;25;pc
New York;-5;4;sn;0.58;-1;1;clr;-1;8;c
Nicosia;5;17;clr;0;6;17;pc;6;17;clr
Novosibirsk;-22;-15;pc;1.37;-23;-16;clr;-20;-12;pc
Osaka-shi;-4;6;pc;0;0;7;pc;0;6;pc
Oslo;-5;-4;pc;9.68;-2;1;sn;-8;1;sn
Ottawa;-17;-8;c;0;-7;-6;sn;-15;2;sn
Pago Pago;27;30;c;6.73;26;30;c;26;29;rn
Panama City;24;33;pc;0.41;25;33;rn;25;33;pc
Paramaribo;23;31;pc;0.25;24;30;pc;23;29;pc
Paris;8;10;rn;3;3;10;rn;2;7;rn
Perth;17;29;clr;0;20;29;clr;20;30;clr
Phnom Penh;23;33;rn;1.73;23;31;c;21;32;clr
Port Moresby;24;32;pc;71.07;22;30;rn;23;28;rn
Port-au-prince;20;33;pc;0;21;33;clr;21;32;pc
Prague;0;7;pc;0.51;3;9;rn;0;5;c
Pyongyang;-13;1;clr;0;-18;-1;clr;-15;-2;clr
Quito;12;22;rn;1.14;12;22;c;12;23;c
Rabat;8;20;pc;0.41;7;15;pc;7;17;clr
Recife;26;31;rn;4.34;26;31;rn;27;31;pc
Reykjavik;-3;1;sn;6.58;-5;0;pc;1;2;sn
Riga;-2;1;sn;8.66;-1;1;c;-1;3;c
Rio de Janeiro;23;26;rn;18.59;22;29;rn;22;28;rn
Riyadh;6;16;pc;0;7;18;clr;8;20;clr
Rome;5;15;pc;0;8;13;pc;9;15;rn
Saint Petersburg;-10;-5;sn;5.84;-13;-6;pc;-8;-7;sn
San Francisco;8;17;pc;0;9;16;pc;9;17;pc
San Jose;19;26;pc;0.46;19;26;pc;18;27;pc
San Juan;22;28;pc;5.11;22;27;pc;23;27;clr
San Salvador;18;25;pc;0;17;25;pc;18;26;pc
Sana'a;5;25;clr;0;5;22;clr;5;23;clr
Santiago;15;31;clr;0;16;33;clr;15;34;clr
Santo Domingo;21;27;pc;3.91;20;27;clr;20;26;pc
São Paulo;4;18;clr;0;2;18;clr;1;15;clr
Seattle;4;9;rn;26.64;5;8;rn;7;8;rn
Seoul;-5;-1;sn;0;-8;1;c;-9;1;clr
Shanghai;-1;4;c;0;-2;3;c;-1;6;pc
Singapore;25;33;c;0;25;32;c;25;33;pc
Sofia;-5;13;clr;0;-4;10;pc;-1;9;pc
St. John's;22;27;clr;6.76;21;27;clr;22;27;clr
Stockholm;-4;-1;sn;4.52;1;3;sn;-3;3;sn
Sydney;18;29;clr;0;18;21;pc;18;22;rn
Taipei City;13;14;rn;11.46;11;16;rn;12;13;rn
Tallinn;-3;0;sn;4.34;-3;-1;pc;-2;1;sn
Tashkent;-6;1;clr;0;-4;6;pc;-4;9;clr
Tbilisi;-2;8;pc;1.02;0;7;rn;-4;6;clr
Tehran;-4;2;c;2.03;-2;6;clr;-1;9;clr
Tel Aviv;9;19;pc;1.93;8;19;clr;10;20;clr
Tirana;2;14;pc;0;3;15;pc;7;15;rn
Tokyo;-2;6;c;0;1;8;clr;2;8;rn
Toronto;-10;-5;clr;6.35;0;2;c;-11;3;c
Tripoli;9;18;clr;0;9;18;clr;13;20;c
Tunis;6;18;clr;0;8;18;clr;10;21;pc
Ulan Bator;-30;-16;clr;0;-31;-17;pc;-32;-19;pc
Vancouver;1;7;rn;5.08;2;6;c;4;6;rn
Vienna;0;10;pc;0;2;10;pc;2;7;rn
Vientiane;17;25;pc;0;13;24;c;14;24;c
Vilnius;-3;2;sn;13;0;2;c;-3;3;rn
Warsaw;0;5;pc;11.2;2;5;c;-1;6;rn
Wellington;20;24;pc;0;20;24;pc;17;26;pc
Yangon;14;34;clr;0;13;31;clr;14;32;clr
Yerevan;-7;5;pc;0;-1;5;clr;-7;6;pc
Legend: clr...clear;pc...partly cloudy;c...cloudy;rn...rain;sn...snow
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
_____
Keywords: Forecast, Global, Asia
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
A recent rash of auto burglaries continued Wednesday night, with five more break-ins listed on the Big Spring Police Department's "Calls for Service" report this morning.
Thursday's edition of the Big Spring Herald reported that eight local auto burglaries – apparently occurring overnight Tuesday – were reported to police Wednesday morning.
The new burglaries occurred in the 5900 block of Ratliff Road, the 1300 block of Colby Avenue, the 4000 block of Alma Circle, the 500 block of East Third Street, and the 4100 block of Dixon.
BSPD Public Information Officer Tony Everett confirmed this morning that police are continuing to investigate the burglaries as linked, but had not yet made any arrests.
In comments Thursday, Everett said the investigation is still in its early days.
"We're investigating them, but we just started," he said. "Right now all I can say is that we assume they're connected."
Everett said police will release the results of the investigation if it is closed successfully.
Anyone with information about these auto burglaries should contact the Big Spring Police Department at 432-264-2550.
A regional planning committee has refused to sign off on a proposed solar project in Rutland amid concerns over its visual impact on a neighboring home.
The Rutland Herald reports the commission refused to endorse one of the three 500-kilowatt projects proposed near Thomas Dairy after resident Eileen Coughlin complained because it would have a negative effect on the aesthetics of her nearby home.
Rutland Regional Planning Commission executive director Ed Bove said Monday that Coughlin used photo simulations to make her case.
Select Board Chairman Josh Terenzini said Monday the town was glad the regional commission "had hit the pause button" on the project because of the visual impacts.
Developer Triland Partners of New Hampshire has been invited to a Tuesday meeting to discuss the project.
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (CBSNewYork/AP) — Jury deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial will get underway Wednesday.
During closing arguments Tuesday, the comedian was variously portrayed as a calculating predator who is finally being brought to justice, or the victim of a multimillion-dollar frame-up by a “pathological liar.”
The judge sent the seven men and five women back to their hotel Tuesday evening after the jurors indicated they were exhausted from listening to 5½ hours of arguments.
“I want you well rested. I think you have collectively made a wise decision,” Judge Steven O'Neill said.
The first big celebrity trial of the #MeToo era pits Cosby, the 80-year-old former TV star whose career and good-guy reputation were destroyed by a barrage of allegations involving drugs and sex, against Andrea Constand, a former Temple University women's basketball administrator who testified that he drugged and sexually violated her at his suburban Philadelphia mansion 14 years ago.
Five other women got on the witness stand and testified the same thing had happened to them.
“The time for the defendant to escape justice is over. It's finally time for the defendant to dine on the banquet of his own consequences,” prosecutor Stewart Ryan told the jury.
Cosby's lawyers, meanwhile, argued that the charges were based on “flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence.”
Cosby faces three counts of aggravated indecent assault, each carrying up to 10 years in prison. The jury at his first trial deliberated for over six days last year without reaching a verdict.
Defense attorneys Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss said in their closing argument that Constand consented to sexual activity, then leveled false accusations against the “Cosby Show” star so she could sue him and extract a big settlement.
Constand received nearly $3.4 million from Cosby over a decade ago in what Mesereau called “one of the biggest highway robberies of all time.”
“You're dealing with a pathological liar, members of the jury,” said Mesereau, who won an acquittal in Michael Jackson's 2005 child-molestation case. “You are.”
Cosby's wife of 54 years looked on from the gallery as his lawyers pleaded with the jury to clear him, the first time she has attended the trial. Camille Cosby, 74, had stayed away as the prosecution built its case that her husband maintained a sordid double life, plying women with drugs and preying on them sexually.
Before the jury came in, she went to the defense table and put her arm around Cosby, who is legally blind. They embraced, smiled and chatted, and he gave her a peck on the cheek. When it was the prosecution's turn to argue, she left the courtroom, and Constand entered.
Constand, 45, alleges Cosby knocked her out with three pills he called “your friends” and molested her in January 2004. Her account was bolstered by the testimony of five other women who took the stand and said Cosby had drugged and assaulted them, too — including one woman who asked him through her tears, “You remember, don't you, Mr. Cosby?”
The defense ripped into the other accusers Tuesday, saying they were motivated by the prospect of money and fame to fabricate their accounts.
After last year's hung jury, the defense team also mounted a far more aggressive effort to stoke doubts about Constand's credibility and raise questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
Their star witness was Marguerite Jackson, a former Temple colleague of Constand's who testified that Constand spoke of framing a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a lawsuit.
Kristen Feden, another prosecutor, bristled at what she called the defense's “horrible character assassination” of Constand and the other women.
She called Cosby the true con artist — wresting that label from Cosby's lawyers, who had applied it to Constand throughout the two-week trial.
“Yes, you did hear about a con,” Feden said, her voice rising as she moved toward Cosby and pointed at him. “The perpetrator of that con is this man, sitting right here.”
The prosecutor said Cosby used his nice-guy image as America's Dad to prey on women. “He is nothing like the image that he played on TV,” Feden warned the jurors.
The defense highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years.
Cosby's lawyers also painstakingly reviewed phone and travel records for Cosby and Constand, as well as a schedule for the Temple women's basketball team, saying they are proof the alleged assault couldn't have happened when she says it did. Prosecutors have noted that Cosby's travel records have large gaps in time.
In arguing over when Cosby's encounter with Constand took place, Cosby's lawyers sought to suggest that the comedian was charged after the 12-year statute of limitations for prosecuting him had run out.
Bliss argued that Cosby was an innocent man caught up in the “emotion and anger” of the #MeToo movement against sexual misconduct. Cosby was arrested years before #MeToo became a cultural force and took down famous men like Harvey Weinstein, Matt Lauer, Kevin Spacey and Sen. Al Franken.
The criminal case was the only one to arise from allegations from more than 60 women who say Cosby engaged in sexual misconduct with them going back five decades.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
{"id":49221672,"title":"Protesters topple Confederate statue in North Carolina","duration":"0:44","description":"Protesters used a rope to pull down a long-standing statue of a Confederate soldier outside the old Durham County courthouse in North Carolina.","url":"/US/video/protesters-topple-confederate-statue-north-carolina-49221672","section":"US","mediaType":"default"}
18:53 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Trump: agreement possible on Iran deal Read more US President says he and French President Emmanuel Macron can reach agreement of fixes to Iran nuclear deal to prevent a US pullout. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said Monday that his country does not see itself moving its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem in the foreseeable future.
Orban said he does not intend to take a similar step to the one taken by U.S. President Donald Trump, who last week recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely said, Monday that the United Nations is a catalyst for Jews moving into Judea and Samaria. Addressing a Jerusalem gathering of rabbis and other leaders from the Diaspora, since a 1980 resolution similar to one recently passed by the UN Security Council, about half a million Jews have moved into the region.
The Likud lawmaker said the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement has failed miserably and is now on the defensive. She noted that since its start, foreign investment in Israel has doubled.
Read more
Shortly after Miss America made headlines with a bombshell announcement that it's scrapping its swimsuit competition, the newly crowned winner of the separate Miss USA pageant spoke out about the inclusion of swimsuit competitions, calling them "empowering."
"It's just exciting and it's empowering to be able to confidently stand on that stage and just have fun in the swimsuit," the reining Miss USA Sarah Rose Summers told ABC News' Linsey Davis.
"It takes confidence unlike anything else -- true confidence -- not just on the outside that you're exuding to the judges and the audience and the millions of people watching at home, but inner confidence," Summers said.
Summers, 23, is the first woman from Nebraska to win the Miss USA title since the pageant began in 1952.
Matt Sullivan/Getty Images
Her comments come on the heels of last month's announcement that Miss America, which is not associated with the Miss USA pageant, would eliminate the swimsuit competition after including it for nearly a century.
"We are no longer a pageant," Gretchen Carlson, the chair of the Board of Trustees of the Miss America Organization, said on "GMA" in June. "We are a competition."
FOX via Getty Images
While Summers acknowledged that she doesn't know what the future holds, she believes there is still a place for the swimsuit competition in pageantry.
In the Miss USA pageant, the swimsuit portion "has been the longest standing phase of competition" and the "tradition is huge," she added.
FOX via Getty Images
Summers, who formerly worked as a fitness instructor, also acknowledged the criticism that she only likes the swimsuit portion of the competition because she has good genetics and the physique of a full-time Pilates teacher.
"I have worked my booty off to be where I am," she said. "It's not just handed to me on a silver platter -- I don't have amazing metabolism."
Andy Kropa/Invision via AP
For all the young girls that are tuning in to the competition, Summers said she would tell them "don't fall to self-comparison to others" and instead "just empower each other."
"Be each other's best cheerleaders, rather than critics, because that's what is going to bring ultimate happiness to yourself," she added.
Summers added that she believes that "in this Me Too movement time that we're in," women "should be empowering all other women's decisions no matter what that is."
"I choose, all of us choose to compete in pageantry ... no one's making us do that," she said. "I know that I'm getting up there and I'm standing on a stage in a swimsuit, and I get to rock all my hard work on that stage."
More than 100 members of Congress are asking for more funding to protect endangered species, in a letter sent to the leaders on the House Appropriations Committee last week.
The Trump administration's budget proposed cuts to multiple agencies that carry out programs to protect endangered species, including an 18 percent cut to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service budget. The budget proposal for the FWS includes a $9.5 million cut to money available for listing new species as endangered, which is almost half the funding that program received in the 2017 fiscal year.
The non-profit Center for Biological Diversity said in a 2016 report that it would cost an estimated $2.3 billion per year to recover the populations of all endangered species. The U.S. currently provides just 3.5 percent of that funding, according to the report.
The proposed budget also includes a 64 percent cut for the Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund, which provides grants for state and local governments for conservation.
Paul Morigi/Getty Images for Fortune
Democratic Reps. Don Beyer, Debbie Dingell, and Raul Grijalva organized the letter which was co-signed by 103 Democratic Members of Congress and one Republican. In the letter, the lawmakers ask the leaders of the House Appropriations Committee to provide funding for Endangered Species Act programs in the budget for the 2019 fiscal year.
"The need for increased recovery funding is evident from the nearly 400 listed species that lack recovery plans. Congressional appropriation for both recovery and consultation, both insufficient, have not kept pace with the number of listed species," they wrote in the letter.
I am leading a bipartisan letter with @RepDebDingell, @RepRaulGrijalva and 104 other Members of Congress calling for more robust funding for #EndangeredSpeciesAct protections. When 400 listed species currently lack protection plans, we can do better. #StopExtinction pic.twitter.com/h7rvE4kLQe — Rep. Don Beyer (@RepDonBeyer) March 16, 2018
"It is abundantly clear that Congressional ESA appropriations have not kept pace with recovery, consultation, and conservation efforts," Beyer said in a statement. "Nearly 400 listed species lack recovery plans, and that is unacceptable. We need to adequately fund all aspects of the ESA process so that we can protect and preserve America's national heritage.”
The letter was sent to the chair and ranking member of the subcommittees that recommend appropriations for the Interior Department and Department of Commerce.
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke was asked about the department's budget proposal and its impact on endangered species protection in a hearing Thursday, the day before the letter was released. Zinke said that the department proposed decreasing the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which is used to acquire and manage public lands, so it could focus specifically on wildlife corridors.
Zinke signed an order aiming to improve management of wildlife habitats in Western states in February, specifically for areas populated by game animals like antelope, elk, and mule deer.
Ryan Zinke once praised the Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund for the work it was doing in his home state of Montana. But now as Secretary of Interior, Zinke has proposed to eliminate this important program. Yesterday, I demanded answers. pic.twitter.com/cwub4PTKdT — Rep. Don Beyer (@RepDonBeyer) March 16, 2018
The Center for Biological Diversity's endangered species director, Noah Greenwald, said he's glad to see congressional support to increase funding for endangered species protection. He said the center has identified at least 47 species that went extinct while waiting to be listed as endangered and that other species' recovery plans are decades old.
"Once species are protected if we don't identify what they need for recovery they could go extinct," he said in an interview with ABC News.
Rebecca Riley of the Natural Resources Defense Council said Endangered Species Act programs have been underfunded for years which contributed to delays in creating and implementing recovery plans for endangered species.
For example, Polar bears were listed as threatened in 2008, according to a Fish and Wildlife Service database, but the recovery plan for the species was only finalized in 2016.
"The underfunding of the Endangered Species Act has been going on for a long time, so the Trump administration is proposing to cut something that was already underfunded," she said.
Funding for those programs is provided through the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service as well as the National Marine Fisheries Service within the National Oceanic at Atmospheric Administration.
RAYMONDVILLE, Texas (AP) — Officials in a remote South Texas county have approved a contract to open a privately run, 1,000-bed immigration lockup on the site of a tent city prison that was destroyed during a 2015 riot.
The Valley Morning Star of Harlingen reports that Willacy County commissioners on Monday agreed to the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention center outside Raymondville, about 50 miles (80 kilometers) from the U.S.-Mexico border city of Brownsville.
County Judge Aurelio Guerra says the new lockup will boost the local economy.
The prison that housed 3,000 inmates in tent-like domes closed after the 2015 uprising. A county lawsuit blamed the riot on "abysmal mismanagement" by Utah-based Management & Training Corp.
Management & Training, which bought the site last year, will operate the new immigrant facility.
___
Information from: Valley Morning Star, http://www.valleystar.com
Transcript for FAA investigates Harrison Ford over piloting error
Next tonight here, the runway error. The FAA investigating a close call involving actor Harrison Ford piloting his ownplay plane. Coming dangerously close to a 737. Here's ABC's David Kerley. Reporter: Harrison Ford, in this plane taking off from Santa Monica, is tonight part of an FAA investigation of a close call. It all happened Monday, Ford landing at Orange county, an airport named for another acting legend, John Wayne. But Ford was lined up for a taxiway instead of runway 20-left, and passed right over an American airlines 737 that was waiting to take off. Ford apparently not realizing his mistake asking controllers if the jet was supposed to be below him. It's not the first incident for the star of "Indiana Jones" and "Star wars." Engine failure, immediate return. Reporter: Two years ago, he crashed landed another plane, details of which he didn't remember. How are you feeling? I'm doing great, thank you. Thank you. I'm back playing tennis, riding my bikes, and having a good time. Reporter: The FAA says the pilot of the small plane did call out the right runway, but the American airlines pilot watched him fly over them. The FAA investigation, and the NTSB says it's gathering information. Thank you. When we come back, the the
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
STOCKHOLM--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Snow Software, the global leader in Software Asset Management (SAM) and Cloud Spend Management solutions, today announced the launch of Snow for Cloud and enhancements in Snow's Oracle Management Option and Snow for ITSM.
Snow for Cloud
Snow for Cloud provides IT leaders with the next evolution of transparent, actionable views of their Software as a Service (SaaS) environment so they can easily assess and manage cloud usage and spend. It provides them insight to discover, make an inventory of and track consumption of more than 1,000 SaaS applications.
This deep analytical insight enables IT leaders to quickly and accurately identify overspend from duplicate, unused or underutilized SaaS subscriptions. Snow for Cloud also automates manual access requests and provisioning processes that are often costly and inefficient.
"Many organizations have gone beyond cloud-first and are now clouded only. Cloud computing has become the new normal." said Peter Björkman, CTO at Snow Software. "Business units can now deploy SaaS solutions without the involvement of IT. This leaves IT without visibility or control of their SaaS environment and uncertainty as to what is being used, where and by whom. This is creating a Disruption Gap, a gulf between what IT understands about technology usage and what is actually occurring.”
Björkman adds, “Snow empowers IT leaders to identify wasted cloud spend, optimize SaaS applications and accurately manage cloud costs. This insight enables them to become enablers of business goals and the go-to for digital transformation initiatives, essential if they are to succeed in the digital era.”
Snow Oracle Management Option and Snow for IT Service Management (ITSM)
Snow also announces enhancements to Snow's Oracle Management Option and Snow for ITSM. Oracle Management Option provides CIOs and IT leaders with a complete overview of Oracle databases deployed in their environments. With visibility into data risk, IT leaders have a greater understanding of what platform Oracle is deployed into, whether physical or virtualized, or in a SaaS or IaaS environment.
Snow for ITSM supports a number of ITSM platforms with up-to-date asset information, software and users, improving CMDB data accuracy. Snow's automatic identification and normalization of software and consolidation from multiple data sources will improve the efficiency of Help Desk operations.
Peter Björkman concluded, “The Software Asset Management market is evolving, which we feel is indicated by Gartner's inaugural 2018 Magic Quadrant for Software Asset Management Tools1 where Snow Software was positioned in the leaders quadrant. From our perspective, by addressing the complexities of cloud asset management, with support across more applications than anyone else, Snow Software continues to demonstrate why it is leading the SAM industry today.”
For more information on Snow for Cloud, visit: https://www.snowsoftware.com/int/products/snow-cloud-discovery
1 Gartner. Magic Quadrant for Software Asset Management Tools. Authors: Roger Williams | April Adams | Matt Corsi, 16 April 2018.
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
- ENDS -
About Snow Software Whether it's through lack of control, lack of understanding or lack of compliance, Snow ( www.snowsoftware.com ) believes that most organizations today end up paying too high a price for their software.
Snow Software is headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, with offices across the globe. It is the largest dedicated developer of SAM solutions designed to ensure that the investment in enterprise software is money well spent – ensuring organizations have the appropriate licenses for the software they use – not too many, not too few.
With more local offices and regional support centers than any other SAM solutions provider, more than 4,500 organisations around the world rely on Snow Software's on-premise and cloud-based SAM solutions to manage software licensing across more than 11 million devices, from mobile to desktop, data center to the cloud.
For the latest information about Snow, please visit: Web: www.snowsoftware.com Twitter: @snowsoftware
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005586/en/
CONTACT: Snow Software
Su Kent
su.kent@snowsoftware.com
+26 70 822 1149
or
Hotwire PR
Max Deeley
max.deeley@hotwireglobal.com
+44 207 608 2500
KEYWORD: EUROPE SWEDEN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT NETWORKS SOFTWARE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
SOURCE: Snow Software
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005586/en
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be, you're not alone.
Americans work hard, and it takes a physical and mental toll, not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time, according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday. But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing.
In 2015, RAND researchers, along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles, began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs. What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers.
This kind of data, examining workplace conditions in the U.S., has not been collected for decades. "We have excellent data on wages, on training ... but we don't know much about the conditions of work," says Nicole Maestas, an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study.
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they don't have enough time to do their jobs, with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time. This was most prevalent among white-collar workers. Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed.
In addition, 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse, threats, humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month; or they experienced bullying, harassment or sexual harassment in the past year.
"One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work," says Maestas. Her survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board, verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college. Younger women and women of "prime age," defined in the survey as ages 35-49, experienced the most unwanted sexual attention.
But people who have "good" bosses — or bosses who respect them, praise them, work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats, Maestra notes.
"Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem," she says, when it comes to a hostile work environment.
American workers feel, by and large, that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills. Still, many workers, particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree, have little control over their work schedules. Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before.
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable, and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs.
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting, it is still a rare option for many workers. The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours.
No matter where we work, friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs. Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement "I have very good friends at work," while 53 percent of men agreed.
While the emotional support helps, many jobs are simply tough on the body. Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time. While workers who don't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well, particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day.
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early. It's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the "right" job, Maestas says.
"We've got more people retiring than ever, and there just aren't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy," she says, so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older, experienced workers.
Additionally, 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke, fumes, infectious materials, extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time. "That was strikingly high," Maestas says.
Saba Waheed, the research director at UCLA's Labor Center who was not involved in the study, says she was also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey.
"We have a lot of great laws, but we need better enforcement," she says.
While she largely praises the survey's comprehensiveness, Waheed says she would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines, as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers. "I would really love to see race in here," she says, as well.
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant.
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years. Maestas and her team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018.
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration.
Sleaford's Tesco store is supporting Barnardo's Lincolnshire Leaving Care Service with its Christmas gift collection this year, consisting of donations from customers and staff.
Shoe boxes and gift bags will be distributed to Barnardo's Care Leavers – young people who have been looked after by the local authority in foster or residential care. The service helps with the transition from care to independent living, with supported lodgings and help to get a job.
Jackie Taylor, Team Manager at Barnardos Lincolnshire Leaving Care Service, says: “Christmas is a time when they miss that support more and can feel particularly alone, so to know that people are thinking about them and care enough to give them presents is a marvellous thing.”
Tesco staff will begin the ‘big wrap' of all the gifts when the collection ends.
Saudi Arabia's U.N. envoy says "there is no justification whatsoever" for the Saudi-led coalition fighting rebels in Yemen to be on a U.N. blacklist for allegedly killing and maiming nearly 700 children in 2016.
Ambassador Abdallah Al-Mouallimi on Friday rejected "the inaccurate and misleading information and figures" in the U.N.'s annual report on children and armed conflict, which names the coalition. But he also said the government is committed to reducing casualties "to the lowest possible level."
Last year, the coalition was put on the blacklist but removed by then-Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon under intense pressure from Saudi Arabia.
While the coalition objects to being on the list, Al-Mouallimi said Saudi Arabia's relations with the U.N. "are very strong."
Grain futures were lower Monday in early trading on the Chicago Board of Trade.
Wheat for Sept delivery was lower 7.20 cents at $4.32 a bushel; Sept corn was down 4 cents at $3.5660 a bushel; Sept oats lost 6.20 cents at $2.5760 a bushel while August soybeans was down 10.20 cents to $9.2520 a bushel.
Beef higher and pork mixed on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
August live cattle was .28 cent higher at $1.10 a pound; August feeder cattle gained .28 cent at $1.4205 a pound; August lean hogs was .05 cent lower at $.8460 a pound.
City agencies developing a new plan for the public spaces and the neighborhood near City Hall are hosting a public workshop this afternoon to present initial proposals and accept community feedback.It's the first time proposed designs will be shared with the community, including some potential uses of the shuttered Brooks Hall below Civic Center Plaza.As we've previously reported , several agencies and community groups are developing a plan to align the design of three public places: UN Plaza, Fulton Street between the Main Library and the Asian Art Museum, and Civic Center Plaza in front of City Hall.The effort is expected to make the area more welcoming and appealing to neighbors, rather than just part of workers' commute routes."The city is already working on new strategies for taking care of these spaces," said SF Planning spokesperson Gina Simi.The Helen Diller playgrounds recently reopened after months of renovation, and a new street cafe managed by Bi-Rite is expected to open at the corner of Fulton and Larkin this summer, SF Rec and Park spokesperson Connie Chan said.The Civic Center Commons Initiative has introduced movable tables and chairs to the area, a regularly staffed permanent information kiosk, and stewards are helping with public engagement and cleaning up the neighborhood.Those near-term improvements are only the start of the changes under consideration, however.Long-term options presented during the workshop today will include various levels of open lawn space, flexible areas for public art and activities, and other programming efforts, Simi said.The workshop will also present three options for a revival of Brooks Hall , a massive underground convention center that's now used for city storage."The project team has developed three different conceptual scenarios for reusing the Hall," Simi said. Civic Center Public Life study issued last month found that the area has all of the attributes of a neighborhood, but the majority of services and retail cater to workers who leave the space at the end of the work day, rather than local residents.The new public realm plan aims to bring some of the activitity that currently borders the area into the public space and keep it open after typical business hours.Among the more significant challenges to unifying the Civic Center Public Realm are highly-trafficked streets--Polk, Larkin, and Hyde--that break up the visual axis from Market Street to City Hall, the study found.Large, single-use buildings like government offices, performance spaces and museums create "long, inactive facades with few openings and very little transparency," leaving the center of Civic Center dull and unattractive to nearby tenants, according to the study.Another challenge: the area's governance is overseen by a slew of organizations: Rec and Parks department oversees the playgrounds, Public Works maintains the roadway and UN Plaza, and the Civic Center and Tenderloin Community Benefit Districts divide the area along Larkin Street.The neighborhood is also split by two police jurisdictions: the Tenderloin and Northern SFPD districts currently each border Larkin Street.The overall public realm plan is about halfway through its design and community engagement process, said Simi. An online survey, available in multiple languages, will collect more public feedback starting on May 1.Survey responses will be accepted until June, and some physical surveys will be distributed during an upcoming Heart of the City Farmers Market , Simi said.Community feedback will help agencies narrow down possible design options into one preferred plan, which will then have to go through environmental review, Simi said.The goal is to present the preferred plan by the end of this fall, she added. The environmental review is expected to take two years, and adoption hearings on the plan are unlikely before 2020.
A day after Eric Greitens resigned as governor of Missouri, a prosecutor blasted his "dangerous and false rhetoric against the criminal justice system" before dismissing a felony charge of computer tampering against him.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner said today that her decision to drop the case against Greitens was based on what is best for the state.
"I remain confident that we have the evidence we require to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right or just thing to do for our city or our state," Gardner said during a news conference in St. Louis.
Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP
She launched an investigation in January after her office received allegations that the Republican governor illegally used a donor list from his former charity, The Mission Continues, to raise funds for his 2016 gubernatorial run.
The investigation led to two felony charges against Greitens, a former Navy SEAL who was elected governor in November 2016. One of the felonies was the computer tampering charge stemming from his alleged use of the donor list, while the other was an invasion of privacy charge for allegedly using partially nude photos of his former mistress to blackmail her into keeping quiet about their affair.
Greitens has admitted to having the affair with the woman, his former hairdresser, in 2015 before becoming governor. He said the decision to resign was a difficult one but maintained that he's done nothing wrong. His resignation is effective Friday.
"I am not perfect, but I have not broken any laws or offense worthy of this treatment," Greitens, 44, a married father of two children who ran for governor on a platform of family values, said.
The charges against him were the result of a "witch hunt" by his political adversaries, he added.
"It's clear for the forces that oppose us, there's no end in sight. I cannot allow those forces to continue to cause pain and difficulty to the people that I love," he said.
Christian Gooden/TNS via ZUMA Wire
"Contrary to Greitens' past statements, there was no 'witch hunt,' no plans to bring pain to him or his family," Gardner said. "The consequences Mr. Greitens has suffered he brought upon himself by his actions, his statements, his decisions, his ambition and pursuit for power."
Getty Images/Panoramic Images
The invasion of privacy charge against Greitens was also dropped earlier this month, just before Greitens was set to go to trial. Since then, Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile the charge.
Gardner said she could only speak of the computer tampering charge.
"Just as I believe that Mr. Greitens' decision to resign is best for our state, I have to consider the totality of the situation," Gardner said.
"As a prosecutor, my decision must be based on facts, available evidence regardless of the position of the accuser or the power of the accused," Gardner said. "After much conversation with Mr. Greitens' defense attorneys and my team, we have come to an agreement on the felony computer tampering case. I believe the most fair and just way to resolve this situation is to dismiss the computer tampering case."
Gardner added: "If Mr. Greitens were convicted of this charge, it would be unlikely that he would be sentenced to prison given his first-time offender status and the type and level of the charge he faced."
Both Republican and Democratic lawmakers had asked Greitens to resign. By doing so, he avoids potentially becoming the first Missouri governor to be impeached.
A House investigatory committee had subpoenaed him to testify next week during a special session on his possible discipline.
The investigatory committee had already released two scathing reports against Greitens. The first detailed accusations made by his former mistress, who claimed he threatened and mistreated her. The second report focused on allegations that Greitens wrongfully obtained the charity donor list to fundraise for political purposes.
"While I cannot force Mr. Greitens to take personal accountability for his actions, there are things that I can do," Gardner said. "I can reject Mr. Greitens' shameful, divisive personal attacks. I can reject his dangerous and false rhetoric about the criminal justice system and the rule of law. I can clarify for the public that there was no coordinated effort by anyone to target him based upon his politics, rather it was his actions."
Jalopnik Here's Your 2017 Guide To Cop Car Headlights So You Know When To Slow Down | Kotaku Console
Former Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon on Saturday promised to run for prime minister and said he would unveil his party list when elections were closer.
Participating on Saturday in a Shabbatarbut (political and cultural forums that take place on the Sabbath) event in Ramat Hasharon, Ya'alon said, "I announced that I would run for prime minister, and I am currently building my political power. I'm traveling the country, and when we know when elections will be held, we'll reveal our list and our party, as well as, I hope and believe, our political connections."
"I think that with the right connections and approval for our central issues, and by placing national interests above everything else, we will receive enough votes from the public to form a coalition."
In March 2017, Ya'alon was removed from his position as Defense Minister by Netanyahu. He quit the Likud to form a new political party. Since then, he has slammed Netanyahu several times, emphasizing his opinion that Netanyahu is not fit to lead and that Ya'alon himself will create a party list and run for prime minister.
However, according to polls, Ya'alon's new party will not garner enough votes to pass the electoral threshhold needed to enter the Knesset. A recent poll showed Netanyahu's Likud as garnering 30 seats.
Speaking about the threats from Iran, Lebanon, and Syria, Ya'alon said, "The Iranians are trying to use the diplomatic agreements between US President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin in order to approach our border in the Golan Heights and open a front with us.... The Iranians are willing to fight to the last Lebanese and the last Syrian in order to achieve their Shiite goals, just like Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's father, Hafez al-Assad, was willing to fight to the last Lebanese and was warned not to start a war with Israel in the Golan."
"It's good that Israel is drawing red lines, [but] we need to be careful about the declarations and threats we make, because they might be tested and not keeping to our red lines will harm Israel's power of deterrence. We need to be prepared, we need to plan, but we need to continue doing everything possible on a political level. I believe that the government's policy on the issue is the right one, but we need to stay on guard."
Regarding Israel's purchase of submarines from Germany, Ya'alon said, "If I hadn't put a stop to the purchase of submarines and naval vessels in February 2016, I would still be Defense Minister, and the issue would never have been investigated. The submarines and other vessels are a result of the worst corruption since Israel's founding."
"I expect that we will soon get over it, it's come time to clear the air. Unfortunately, I have to say that politicians are destroying a lot of what's good in Israel. Unfortunately, I have to tell our Prime Minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, 'Go home and let others lead the country.' I expect that former ministers were called in to give their testimonies, as former Cabinet members, and no one asked for submarines or warships to fight submarines. The Prime Minister should have resigned a long time ago, if only due to public opinion. Why wait for an indictment?"
The submarine affair, known as Case 3000, began in November 2016 after allegations that David Shimron, Netanyahu's personal attorney and second cousin, convinced him to purchase the subs from ThyssenKrupp rather than through an international tender.
Police suspect a series of crimes was committed surrounding the purchase of three submarines from the German company ThyssenKrupp, including bribery, fraud, tax evasion and money laundering.
However, police have asserted that Netanyahu is not a suspect in the case.
"I don't participate in the protests held opposite the home of Attorney General Avichai Mandelblit, and I don't participate in the protests in Tel Aviv, which seem to be political," Ya'alon added.
"However, the first time a protest which suited me was held in Jerusalem, I was there, and I saw how hard the Prime Minister's Office worked to ensure people would not go. Public pressure worries Netanyahu, and it's obvious that he's just trying to survive politically, and that national interests do not interest him at all. If you have a hawkish position, and I'm not even talking about right or left, then you can't be straight or official? There is a leadership crisis here. Leadership is about what's right, not what's popular at the moment."
In May 2016, Ya'alon condemned IDF soldier Elor Azariya for shooting a terrorist suspected of wearing an explosive vest, this before the investigation began. He later interfered in the case, and compared the soldier to ISIS terrorists. This is one of the reasons Netanyahu handed the Defense Ministry over to current Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman (Yisrael Beytenu), leading Ya'alon to quit the Knesset. Yaalon's deputy expressed fear in a speech at Yad Vashem that IDF behavior would become similar to that of the Nazis, this on Holocaust Remembrance Day. Ya'alon did not reprimand him, and most people saw that as sufficient reason to release him from his post as Defense Minister.
21:35 Reported News Briefs Shvat 18, 5778 , 03/02/18 Shvat 18, 5778 , 03/02/18 Was delay in granting Z Street tax exempt status political? Justice Department settles with pro-Israel group for delay in its tax exempt status. Read more ► ◄ Last Briefs
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Asian markets were mixed on Thursday with Tokyo stocks higher as the yen weakened against the U.S. dollar. Chinese markets declined after the U.S. Federal Reserve left its benchmark interest rate unchanged.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 jumped 1.7 percent to 23,486.11 and South Korea's Kospi added 0.1 percent to 2,568.54. But Hong Kong's Hang Seng index fell 0.4 percent to 32,750.18 and China's Shanghai Composite Index lost 1 percent to 3,445.73. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.9 percent to 6,090/10. Stocks in Southeast Asia were higher.
ANALYST'S TAKE: "Fed Chair Janet Yellen's last meeting prior to stepping down saw the Fed reinforcing their positive outlook over both the economy and inflation while unanimously voting to keep rates unchanged," Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore, said in a daily commentary.
FED RATE: The Fed kept its key rate in a still-low range of 1.25 percent to 1.5 percent and said in a statement that it expects inflation to finally pick up this year, stabilizing around the Fed's target level of 2 percent. The Fed also indicated that it thinks the job market and the overall economy are continuing to improve.
WALL STREET: On Wednesday, U.S. stocks finished with marginal gains, ending a two-day losing streak. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 0.1 percent to 2,823.81. The Dow Jones industrial average added 0.3 percent to 26,149.39. The Nasdaq composite climbed 0.1 percent to 7,411.48. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gave up 0.5 percent, to 1,574.98.
OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 1 cent to $64.74 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract gained 23 cents to settle at $64.73 per barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 6 cents to $68.95 per barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 109.58 yen from 109.20 yen. The euro fell to $1.239 from $1.2411.
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Colby Lewis has said goodbye to the Texas Rangers, the organization that drafted him and made both its World Series appearances with the veteran right-hander in the rotation.
Lewis released a statement Tuesday thanking the team and its fans when Rangers pitchers and catchers were reporting to spring training in Arizona. He wrote that goodbyes "are inevitable and this is mine."
The 37-year-old Lewis is still a free agent, but turned down offers from the Rangers for a minor league contract. He never mentioned retirement in his statement.
Lewis was picked 38th overall by the Rangers in the 1999 amateur draft and made his big league debut with them in 2002. He had right shoulder surgery in early 2004 before sitting out all of 2005. He then pitched for Detroit and Oakland and spent two years in Japan before returning to Texas in 2010.
Over 11 major league seasons, including nine with the Rangers, he is 77-72 with a 4.70 ERA. Lewis was 4-1 with a 3.11 ERA in 10 postseason games for Texas.
Lewis said he was "forever grateful" to the Rangers.
"They helped make my baseball dreams come true. I pitched in two World Series with the uniform I love on my back," said Lewis, the winning pitcher against the New York Yankees in Game 6 of the 2010 ALCS that clinched the team's first World Series berth .
Lewis set career highs with 17 wins and 204 2/3 innings pitched in 2015, less than two years after a resurfacing procedure that was just short of a full hip replacement and unprecedented for a major league pitcher.
He was 6-5 with a 3.71 ERA in 19 games last year, when he missed two months in the middle of the season because of a strained right lat. He took a no-hit bid into the ninth inning of a game last June 16 at Oakland before giving up a leadoff double, and had been perfect until a two-out walk in the eighth.
STOCKHOLM (AP) — Swedish prosecutors on Tuesday charged an Uzbek man who rammed a stolen truck into a crowd in downtown Stockholm in April, killing five and injuring 14, with terrorism, attempts to carry out a terror act and causing others to be endangered.
Rakhmat Akilov is the only suspect and has already confessed.
Akilov was arrested hours after he drove a stolen beer truck into a crowd of shoppers on a busy pedestrian shopping street and crashed it into an upscale department store in Stockholm's city center on April 7.
According to the charges obtained by The Associated Press, Akilov had offered to the Islamic State group that he would carry out an attack in Stockholm on behalf of IS, and had gathered information about possible targets. It was not clear whether they had accepted his offer.
Investigators found a memory card with "material that can be connected to IS," including execution videos.
Akilov also caused an explosion inside the truck he had stolen when a suspected bomb made of five gas canisters with 38 screws, blades and smaller metal objects exploded. The blast caused "extensive damage to the vehicle," according to the charges.
The Uzbek construction worker, who was 39 at the time of the attack, was subject to deportation from Sweden ahead of attack as his asylum application had been rejected.
Swedish prosecutors and his defense lawyer plan separate news conference later Tuesday.
Former Manila mayor and Philippine Sports Commission chair Gemiliano “Mel” Lopez Jr. died Sunday night after suffering a heart attack.
He was 81.
Lopez was a staunch critic of the Marcos regime after organizing the opposition as a Manila councilor in the 1960s. He served as Manila mayor from 1986 to 1992.
ADVERTISEMENT
As PSC chief in 1993-1996, Lopez was credited for helping boxer Mansueto “Onyok” Velasco capture a silver medal in the 1996 Atlanta Olympics along with his son, Manny Lopez, the former president of the Amateur Boxing Association of the Philippines.
Velasco's silver finish was the last medal of the Philippines in the Olympics before weightlifter Hidilyn Diaz, who also bagged a silver medal, broke the country's 20-year medal slump last year in Rio de Janeiro in the biggest sports gathering on the planet.
Philippine amateur boxing was at its peak during the term of Lopez, particularly in the 1994 Asian Games in Hiroshima where Filipino boxers saved the nation's campaign with three gold medals and two bronzes.
After retiring from the government sports agency, Lopez left Philippine boxing to the care of son Manny, who became the first vice president of the Philippine Olympic Committee and is now representative of Manila's first district.
Lopez was also chairman of Pacific Concrete Products Inc. and Philippine National Oil Co. apart from being one of the founding signatories of the Lakas ng Bayan (Laban) political party.
I don't know what to say about Red Bastard.
OK, that's a lie.
Which is precisely the point of Eric Davis' Red Bastard: Lie With Me, surely to be one of the most talked-about shows at this year's London Fringe.
What Davis wants to know and explore is the question: What are the rules of love?
If you go What: Red Bastard: Lie With Me, directed by Aitor Basauri, written by Eric Davis and Aitor Basauri, performed by Eric Davis. When: Thursday, 8:30 p.m., Monday, 5 p.m., Wednesday 8:30 p.m., June 7, 5 p.m. and June 9, 8 p.m. Where: The Grand Theatre's McManus Stage, 471 Richmond St. Tickets: $15.
Davis starts the show by establishing it as fact that we all lie.
True? Yes, we do.
He first asks the audience to stand, then asks a series of questions, well, a few well-chosen ones.
“What are the good lies you've told lately?” he asks. “Perhaps to your boss, a friend, or maybe a member of your family? Or, maybe someone right here?”
Davis tells the audience to sit down when he mentions a lie they've told in their lives. It doesn't take long until none are left standing, the majority sitting again when he asks if they've actually read all the terms and conditions of all those agreements you've entered online.
“To live is to lie,” says Davis and the show is launched.
Davis feeds on lies like a glutton, taunting the audience, poking and prodding until he finds a thread to follow, the expected and the unexpected, which lead to some great laughs, even if a few are uncomfortable.
This is a marvelous show, if only because Davis is a wonderful performer, quickly reading and reacting to his audience, seldom being stumped and even feeding off those moments until another lie is exposed.
He slips beautifully between being someone you might consider normal and that red thing on your shoulder that whispers those hidden truths in your ear, urging you to do what you know is wrong until you're constantly worrying that bone and challenging your sense of right and wrong.
He's at one moment gentle and understanding; at another, a creepy, smarmy, greasy and wicked pervert.
There's some wonderful audience interaction and all of it high risk, which really makes this show so compelling.
Davis is a consummate performer, one who will make you feel uncomfortable yet comfortable enough to make you laugh about your own discomfort.
This is a great show, one that should not be missed; a show that raises a simple question and explores its difficult truths.
jbelanger@postmedia.com
FRINGE
If you go
What: The 19th annual London Fringe Festival, featuring 46 companies of actors, dancers, magicians and others
Where: Venues in downtown London and Old East Village
When: Performances through June 9.
Tickets and information: For info about tickets, passes, prices, venues, events and shows, visit londonfringe.ca or the Fringe office at 207 King St., or call 519-434-0606.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 17-5-1 17-7-2 9-3-1 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 16-6-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 18-7-1 11-8-4 8-4-3 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 13-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 13-8-3 12-8-5 5-6-1 Columbus 49 27 19 3 57 131 137 16-8-0 11-11-3 8-5-2 Pittsburgh 51 27 21 3 57 151 153 17-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 13-9-4 11-8-4 5-2-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 13-8-3 12-13-2 7-7-1 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 11-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 11-8-3 9-14-3 6-4-1 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 10-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 12-10-5 8-13-1 9-6-2 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 9-11-5 6-13-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 6-13-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 19-3-2 13-9-2 11-1-1 Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 17-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 16-4-3 13-7-4 10-3-2 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 17-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 17-7-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 San Jose 48 26 15 7 59 143 133 14-7-3 12-8-4 12-2-3 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 14-9-3 11-8-6 8-5-5 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 12-11-3 13-5-5 8-5-3 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 18-7-1 9-11-2 7-6-1 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 12-9-3 14-9-2 6-9-3 Minnesota 49 26 18 5 57 144 140 17-4-4 9-14-1 8-8-0 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 12-10-3 11-9-4 5-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 8-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Minnesota at Columbus, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
WASHINGTON (AP/WRIC) – A bipartisan group of five senators will travel to Puerto Rico Saturday to survey damage from Hurricane Maria and monitor relief efforts.
The hurricane has killed at least 34 people and most residents are still without electricity.
Democratic lawmakers participating in the trip are Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, Tim Kaine of Virginia and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut.
Republican Sens. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin and Cory Gardner of Colorado will also make the trip. The Department of Homeland Security is coordinating the visit.
“Members of Congress have been anxious to go to Puerto Rico to see the extent of the damage because we have to come up with an emergency relief package just like we did for Texas and Florida,” Kaine told 8News Reporter Evanne Armour.
“Puerto Ricans are American citizens just like Virginians or Texans or Floridians.”
The government is spending almost $200 million a day for emergency hurricane response. Lawmakers in the coming weeks will likely consider a $29 billion disaster aid package to pay for recovery efforts and federal flood insurance claims.
Kaine called the devastation in Puerto Rico ‘catastrophic' and said the budget committee would be working on a major budget deal between now and the end of December.
“I want to make sure that the resources that we are devoting toward this emergency relief are sufficient,” Kaine said.
The Eclipse Foundation's MicroProfile project to add microservices to enterprise Java has released MicroProfile 1.2, which adds capabilities for fault tolerance and security.
New features in MicroProfile 1.2
A fault-tolerance API in MicroProfile 1.2 provides a way for applications to deal with the unavailability of a microservice, said IBM Distinguished Engineer Ian Robinson, who has worked on MicroProfile. When old-style monolithic applications fail, they bring down the entire application. But applications composed of microservices continue to operate if a specific microservcie fails, leading to “more interesting failure scenarios,” he said. To deal with service failures, applications need a way of handling the unavailability of a service, such as to resort to a fallback service if a primary service is unavailable. Such fallbacks are what MicroProfile 1.2 allows.
[ Download InfoWorld's essential guide to microservices and learn how to create modern web and mobile applications that scale. | Cut to the key news and issues in cutting-edge enterprise technology with the InfoWorld Daily newsletter. ]
MicroProfile 1.2 also adds Interoperability with JSON web tokens. With JWT, you can provide a security token in a standard format, so it propagates from one microservice to another.
An externalized configuration capability in MicroProfile 1.2 provides a standard way to import an application configuration from outside a Docker container.
MicroProfile 1.2 also features:
Common annotations.
Metrics.
Health checking.
Where to download MicroProfile 1.2
The source code for MicroProfile 1.2 is available for downloads at an Eclipse webpage.
BELLEVUE, Wash.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--“PACCAR (Nasdaq: PCAR) reported record quarterly revenues and excellent net income for the first quarter of 2018,” said Ron Armstrong, chief executive officer. “PACCAR benefited from record quarterly truck deliveries driven by strong market share and robust global truck demand, as well as record quarterly PACCAR Parts revenues and pretax profits. I am very proud of our 26,000 employees who have delivered industry-leading products and services to our customers.”
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005419/en/
Peterbilt Model 579, DAF XF and Kenworth T680 Trucks (Photo: Business Wire)
First quarter 2018 net sales and financial services revenues were $5.65 billion, 33 percent higher than the $4.24 billion earned in the first quarter of 2017. PACCAR achieved net income of $512.1 million ($1.45 per diluted share) in the first quarter of this year, 65 percent higher than the $310.3 million ($.88 per diluted share) earned in the same period last year.
Ron Armstrong added, “PACCAR's excellent balance sheet and strong operating cash flow have enabled the company to invest $3.0 billion in new facilities, products and services during the past five years. New Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF vehicles, the integrated PACCAR powertrain, enhanced truck and engine production facilities, new PACCAR Parts distribution centers (PDCs) and TRP Stores are contributing to PACCAR's long-term growth.”
Highlights – First Quarter 2018
Highlights of PACCAR's financial results during the first quarter of 2018 include:
Record consolidated net sales and revenues of $5.65 billion. Net income of $512.1 million. Record PACCAR Parts revenues of $939.9 million and pretax profits of $191.8 million. Cash generated from operations of $528.5 million. Research and development expenses of $76.0 million. Manufacturing cash and marketable securities of $3.47 billion. Excellent stockholders' equity of $8.57 billion.
“PACCAR achieved outstanding financial performance in the first quarter of 2018. Surging truck and aftermarket parts demand, and excellent operational leverage from increased production, delivered Truck, Parts and Other gross margins of 14.8 percent,” noted Harrie Schippers, PACCAR president and chief financial officer. “Quarterly net profits also increased due to the new U.S. tax law. PACCAR has averaged $2.4 billion annually in operating cash flow in the last five years. PACCAR's recent investments in truck and engine production facilities have provided the capacity for PACCAR to continue to grow its market share. PACCAR's supplier partners have performed well as industry production has increased.”
Global Truck Markets
“First quarter 2018 U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck industry orders were more than double the same period last year,” said Gary Moore, PACCAR executive vice president. “The truck market reflects the strong economy and excellent freight demand. We've increased our estimate of 2018 Class 8 truck industry retail sales for the U.S. and Canada to a range of 265,000-285,000 vehicles.”
DAF's above 16-tonne truck orders increased 41 percent in the first quarter of 2018 compared to the same period last year. “DAF's new $110 million state-of-the-art paint facility in Westerlo, Belgium has expanded DAF's production capacity, enabling DAF to increase market share in this year's stronger truck market,” said Preston Feight, DAF president and PACCAR vice president. “DAF achieved an excellent 16.4 percent market share in the European above 16-tonne segment in the first quarter of 2018.” European truck industry registrations in the above 16-tonne segment are estimated to be in a range of 300,000-320,000 vehicles in 2018.
PACCAR has recently increased its investment in South America by expanding its DAF truck range in Brasil and the Andean region, and opening a new PDC in Panama City, Panama. The Brasil above 16-tonne truck market is projected to increase to 40,000-45,000 vehicles in 2018, compared to 32,000 last year. “The expanding truck market and DAF Brasil's higher market share have driven increased production,” said Michael Kuester, DAF Brasil president.
Peterbilt Launches New Model 579 UltraLoft
The Peterbilt Model 579 UltraLoft offers customers a high-roof, integrated cab and sleeper that enhances driver comfort and operational efficiency. The UltraLoft's dimensions represent an 18 percent increase in interior space, giving drivers best-in-class living quarters. “The spaciousness of the Peterbilt Model 579 UltraLoft makes it an excellent tractor for long-haul routes, team driving, and driver training,” said Jason Skoog, PACCAR vice president and Peterbilt general manager. “Customers appreciate the greater fuel efficiency that results from the vehicle's light weight and enhanced aerodynamic design.”
PACCAR Parts Achieves Record Revenues and Profits
PACCAR Parts' 18 PDCs support 2,200 DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt dealer sales, parts and service locations. PACCAR Parts earned record quarterly pretax income of $191.8 million in the first quarter of 2018, which is 27 percent higher than the $150.8 million earned in the same period last year. PACCAR Parts generated revenues of $939.9 million in the first quarter of 2018, 19 percent higher than the $786.7 million reported in the same period last year.
“PACCAR Parts has achieved eight percent average annual sales growth over the last 15 years,” said David Danforth, PACCAR vice president and PACCAR Parts general manager. “This superb performance has been driven by investments in PDCs, increased dealer locations including TRP Stores, expanded PACCAR-branded and TRP product lines, industry-leading fleet services and e-commerce programs, and a growing number of PACCAR trucks and engines in operation.”
PACCAR Parts' sophisticated logistics systems are driving industry-leading efficiency at DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt dealers, and TRP Stores. PACCAR Parts shipped a record 16 million global order lines from its PDCs in 2017. “PACCAR Parts' integrated supply chain enables customers to increase their productivity and profitability,” said Laura Bloch, PACCAR Parts assistant general manager of operations.
Industry Recognition
The PACCAR truck factory in Ste-Thérèse, Canada earned a prestigious 2018 Manufacturing Leadership Award from Frost & Sullivan's Manufacturing Leadership Council in recognition of its production technology advancements. PACCAR Ste-Thérèse was honored for its innovative use of automated guided vehicle technology to increase assembly capacity, efficiency and safety. “The employees at the PACCAR Ste-Thérèse plant are dedicated to building the industry's highest quality medium-duty trucks. Kenworth and Peterbilt customers benefit from our factory innovations and purchased a record number of medium-duty trucks in 2017,” said Chakib Toubal-Seghir, PACCAR Ste-Thérèse plant manager.
Capital Investments and Research and Development
PACCAR's excellent long-term profits, strong balance sheet, and intense focus on quality, technology and productivity have enabled the company to invest $6.1 billion in world-class facilities, innovative products and new technologies during the past decade. “In 2018, capital expenditures of $425-$475 million and research and development expenses of $300-$320 million are targeted for new truck models, integrated powertrains including electric, hybrid and hydrogen fuel cell technologies, enhanced aerodynamic truck designs, advanced driver assistance systems and truck connectivity, and expanded manufacturing and parts distribution facilities,” commented George West, PACCAR vice president.
PACCAR has recently invested $70 million in state-of-the-art machining equipment in its Columbus, Mississippi and Eindhoven, Netherlands engine factories. “This equipment increases engine production capacity and supports the growth of Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF,” said Kyle Quinn, PACCAR Chief Technology Officer.
Financial Services Companies Achieve Good Results
PACCAR Financial Services (PFS) has a portfolio of 187,000 trucks and trailers, with total assets of $13.59 billion. PACCAR Leasing, a major full-service truck leasing company in North America and Europe with a fleet of 37,000 vehicles, is included in this segment. PFS' first quarter 2018 pretax income was $67.5 million, 19 percent higher than the $56.8 million earned in the first quarter of 2017. PFS achieved first quarter 2018 revenues of $332.2 million compared to $302.2 million in 2017. “PFS' portfolio performed well during the first quarter of 2018.” said Bob Bengston, PACCAR senior vice president. “First quarter industry demand for used trucks was strong, with higher prices. Kenworth and Peterbilt truck resale values continue to command a 10-20 percent premium over competitors' trucks.” PACCAR's strong balance sheet, complemented by its A+/A1 credit ratings, enables PFS to offer competitive retail financing to Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF dealers and customers in 24 countries on four continents.
PACCAR Financial Corp. (PFC) recently opened a new truck remarketing center in Fontana, California, near Los Angeles. The new facility complements PFC's truck remarketing centers in Minooka, Illinois, Salt Lake City, Utah and Spartanburg, South Carolina. Todd Hubbard, PFC president, noted, “PFC continues to enhance its truck remarketing capabilities, reflecting the company's excellent truck leasing and financial products for the popular Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks.”
PACCAR is a global technology leader in the design, manufacture and customer support of high-quality light-, medium- and heavy-duty trucks under the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF nameplates. PACCAR also designs and manufactures advanced diesel engines, provides financial services and information technology, and distributes truck parts related to its principal business.
PACCAR will hold a conference call with securities analysts to discuss first quarter earnings on April 24, 2018, at 9:00 a.m. Pacific time. Interested parties may listen to the call by selecting “Q1 Earnings Webcast” at PACCAR's homepage. The Webcast will be available on a recorded basis through May 1, 2018. PACCAR shares are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, symbol PCAR. Its homepage is www.paccar.com.
This release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from those included in these statements due to a variety of factors. More information about these factors is contained in PACCAR's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
This article has been truncated. You can see the rest of this article by visiting http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005419/en.
CLEVELAND (AP) — A federal judge in Ohio is ready to start talks on a possible settlement of hundreds of lawsuits brought against drugmakers and drug distributors over the nation's opioid epidemic.
More than 250 lawsuits filed by communities across the country have been consolidated in the Cleveland courtroom of U.S. District Court Judge Dan Polster.
Polster planned Wednesday to bring together lawyers for municipal and state governments, drugmakers, drug distributors and others to start the conversation.
The judge has closed the discussions to the public and media since the aim is to broker a settlement.
The settlement talks come in the midst of the most widespread and deadly drug crisis in the nation's history.
The government tallied 63,600 overdose drug deaths in 2016, another record.
Two special use permits have been granted to Prince Edward County schools, allowing private schools to operate at Jamestown Presbyterian Church. According to the documents filed with the county, the church will operate from 7:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. on weekdays. There will be no bussing. Angela Whittaker told the county supervisors last week that the school plans to utilize a lot of outdoor educational programs like gardens. The school will also operate a low-cost supermarket to teach students about business. Additionally, The Bridge Church on Simpson Road will operate a daycare facility from 6:30 a.m. until 7:00 p.m. on weekdays. The county planning commission gave it's blessing to both operations earlier this year.
SAN FERNANDO CITY—Director General Ronald “Bato” dela Rosa, chief of the Philippine National Police, said here on Thursday that he would want drug suspects to be captured alive.
He was reacting to a Social Weather Stations survey that showed that 90 percent of its respondents believed it was important to capture drug suspects alive in the government's war on drugs.
“We want to capture them alive. What's the use of waging this war on drugs if you do not value life?” Dela Rosa said during his visit to the Ilocos regional police office here.
ADVERTISEMENT
‘Kuyog' culture
But he also urged the police to develop a culture of “kuyog,” where good policemen would intervene in cases of erring colleagues in order to reform them. Kuyog is street parlance for beating up a crook.
Having the “kuyog” culture would have good policemen acting quickly when their erring colleagues did something wrong, Dela Rosa said, adding that ignoring these acts of wrongdoing could be interpreted by the bad policemen that what they were doing was OK.
“If you don't want to value life, then forget the war on drugs. That's why we waged this war because we value life. We want them to change their lives,” he said.
According to him, “Oplan Tokhang” means “knock and plead” for drug users and pushers to change for the better.
Addressing policemen at Camp Oscar Florendo here, Dela Rosa said that ridding the police ranks of misfits and scalawags continued to be a challenge.
‘Pulling us down'
“This is a difficult job but we have to do this because these [erring policemen} are pulling us down. There are just a few of them but if we do not pay attention to them, they will destroy us,” he said.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Do not let a few misguided elements drag the entire organization down. Let us promote and preserve a good image of the entire PNP because that is what will win for us the genuine trust and confidence of the community,” he said.
“And all those who refuse to change for the better, think hard now because I will make sure that you will have no future in the police service,” he added.
Snowy conditions caused some problems in the Border City over the Easter Weekend.
Lloydminster got close to 20 centimetres of snow, and RCMP were warning about adverse travel conditions on both highway 17 and 16.
Atco also received reports of power outages in Lloydminster on Saturday night, but the problems were resolved by Sunday morning.
LONDON — With smoke still swirling around the charred remains of Grenfell Tower in west London, residents and community leaders demanded to know Wednesday how a ferocious fire could have swept through the high-rise apartment block with such speed that it killed at least 12 people.
The anger was particularly strong since activists had warned just seven months ago that fire safety procedures were so lax that only a catastrophic blaze would bring the scrutiny needed to make the building safe.
WHAT HAPPENED?
ADVERTISEMENT
Fire and police officials have not specified what went wrong, but extensive video footage shows the flames climbing the exterior of the building at a remarkable pace.
“I've never seen a fire like that in my life,” said Joe Ruane, the former deputy chief fire officer for U.S. Air Force bases in Britain. “I've never seen that in a residential block.”
The 24-story public housing complex is owned by the local government council in the borough of Kensington and Chelsea and was completed in the 1970s. It is managed by the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization, which spent 10 million pounds ($12.8 million) refurbishing the building over the last two years.
The renovation project included installation of insulated exterior cladding, double-glazed windows and a communal heating system. Investigators need to look at what materials were used in the project and who approved their use, Ruane said. But he said the speed with which the fire spread suggests that more than one fire protection safeguard failed.
“It's not just one thing,” Ruane said. “It's multiple issues.”
WHAT WAS THE FIRE PROCEDURE AT THE BUILDING?
Some residents suggested that Grenfell Tower's policies were to blame for the disaster.
A newsletter put out by the building's tenant organization told tenants to follow a “stay put” policy and remain in their apartments during a fire unless the blaze was inside their apartment or in their hallway or until they were told to evacuate by officials.
ADVERTISEMENT
This policy is in place “because Grenfell was designed according to rigorous fire-safety standards,” according to the 2014 newsletter about the renovation project. New front doors in each apartment could withstand a fire for up to 30 minutes, “which gives plenty of time for the fire brigade to arrive,” the newsletter said.
That policy, often followed in high-rise hotels, may be effective in lesser fires. In this case, however, the fire seemed to climb the exterior of the tower so quickly that it overwhelmed protective systems like fire doors. People who initially remained in place may have been unable to escape later because the hallways and fire escapes were filled with heavy smoke and flames.
The London Fire Brigade said crews were on the scene within six minutes of the first reports of the fire, but they were unable to reach people on higher floors to prevent fatalities.
WHO IS TO BLAME?
While investigations are underway to determine what went wrong, tenants said repeated complaints were ignored. Survivor Edward Daffarn said the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization, or KCTMO, which manages the Grenfell Tower as well as other buildings in the area, is responsible because it ignored numerous warnings.
The management organization's annual accounts for the year ending March 31, 2016, indicate that the company has been cited for fire-safety issues in the past.
Following an October 2015 arson fire at one of the buildings it manages, the 14-story Adair Tower, the London Fire Brigade issued an enforcement notice to install self-closing devices on the front doors of all 78 apartments and to improve fire safety in staircases used for escape, the organization said in the report.
The Fire Brigade issued a similar notice for another KCTMO-managed building, Hazelwood Tower. The upgrades were scheduled to be completed by 2016, the report said.
The Grenfell Tower disaster is uncomfortably similar to a fast-moving blaze at another London-area public housing project, Lakanal House, that killed six people, including three children, eight years ago. In that July 2009 fire, smoke and flames quickly engulfed the 14-story building. A coroner's inquest found that a series of failures contributed to the loss of life and made a number of recommendations to help prevent future disasters.
Investigators probing the Grenfell Tower fire will have to look at which of those recommendations were implemented in the building and which were not, said Jim Fitzpatrick, a former firefighter who now serves in the House of Commons.
“These will be matters for the scientists and the engineers … to find out exactly how the fire started, why it spread so quickly and what could have been done to prevent it,” Fitzpatrick told Sky News.
A local community organization, the Grenfell Action Group, had warned about fire dangers at the building since 2013. In a series of blog posts, the group raised concerns about testing and maintenance of fire-fighting equipment and blocked emergency access to the site.
“All our warnings fell on deaf ears, and we predicted that a catastrophe like this was inevitable and just a matter of time,” the group said in a blog post Wednesday.
KCTMO said it is cooperating with investigators and that it was aware of tenant complaints. “We always take all concerns seriously and these will form part of our forthcoming investigations,” it said in a statement.
The Kensington and Chelsea Council promised a full investigation into Wednesday's tragedy and a public accounting. The UK government also ordered checks at tower blocks that have had or are going through similar renovations as those at Grenfell Tower.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Beginning what could be a significant stretch without All-Star point guard John Wall, the Washington Wizards got 25 points from Otto Porter Jr., limited Russell Westbrook to 13 and stopped Oklahoma City's eight-game win streak with a 102-96 victory over the Thunder on Tuesday night.
Bradley Beal had 21 points and nine assists for Washington, which announced about 7 1/2 hours before tipoff that Wall will have arthroscopic surgery on his left knee Wednesday.
Paul George had 28 points for Oklahoma City, but zero in the fourth quarter. Carmelo Anthony scored 19, but he missed three shots in the final 30 seconds. Westbrook wound up with 10 assists, six rebounds and seven turnovers and made only 5 of 18 shots.
Wall, picked for his fifth All-Star game last week, is second on the Wizards in scoring, averaging 19.4 points, and is second in the league with 9.3 assists per game.
In July, he agreed to a $170 million, four-year contract extension that starts next season.
Tomas Satoransky started in Wall's place and finished with four points and six assists, including alley-oop feeds to Beal in the first half and Markieff Morris in the second. Satoransky also blocked a shot by Westbrook in the third quarter, something Beal managed to do in the fourth.
Then, with 39.4 seconds remaining, Satoransky broke a 96-all tie with a pair of free throws after he was fouled by Josh Huestis, who had turned the ball over.
On Oklahoma City's next possession, Anthony shot an air ball, and Porter's two foul shots made it a four-point lead for the Wizards.
Neither team shot particularly well: The Wizards wound up making 38.2 percent of their field-goal attempts — they missed 13 consecutive 3-point tries in one stretch — and the Thunder were at 37.5 percent.
Washington's first five baskets came via five assists, each off a pass from a different player. And in the first quarter, which ended with the hosts ahead 30-25, the Wizards had 10 assists — credited to seven players — on their 11 field goals.
At halftime, the Thunder were ahead 54-53, thanks to Jerami Grant's 20-foot buzzer-beating jumper and 20 points from George on 7-for-11 shooting.
TIP-INS
Thunder: Westbrook was whistled for a technical foul in the second quarter and a flagrant foul in the third, when he went for a block and instead sent an arm to the chin of Wizards C Marcin Gortat. Coach Billy Donovan and C Steven Adams also were assessed techs. ... OKC leads the NBA in opponent turnovers at 16.5 per game. The Wizards had 12 Tuesday.
Wizards: Entered the night 6-6 without Wall this season. ... Porter went to the locker room with about 4 1/2 minutes left in the third quarter; it wasn't immediately clear why. He returned to the game early in the fourth.
DONOVAN ON BEAL
Donovan had this to say about Beal, who played for him in college at Florida: "I always say this about Brad: He's got the 'it' factor. He's had it (since) a young age. I only had him for one year. I think winning is a high priority for him. It's really important for him."
UP NEXT
Thunder: At Denver on Thursday.
Wizards: Host Toronto on Thursday.
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
___
More AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
The Surry County Community Corrections office is seeking information on the whereabouts of the following individuals wanted for probation violations:
• Lori Carlena Church, 34, white female, on probation for two counts assault and battery, simple assault, injury to property, breaking and entering, possession of a Schedule II drug, and possession of drug paraphernalia.
• Melissa Ann Beverly, 33, white female, on probation for two counts of felony possession Schedule II drug, contributing to the delinquency of a minor, and four counts of violating school attendance laws.
• Jonathan Michael Negley, 23, white male, on probation for possession of a Schedule II drug, two counts larceny, and possession of drug paraphernalia.
• Samuel Davis Holder, 40, white male, on probation for three counts of reconnecting utilities.
View all probation absconders on the internet at http://webapps6.doc.state.nc.us/opi and click on absconders. Anyone with information on any probation absconders should contact Crime Stoppers at 786-4000 or probation at 336-429-2705.
— — —
The Surry County Sheriff's Office is seeking information on the whereabouts of the following people:
• David Atkins, 30, white male, wanted for sex-offender failing register change of address.
• Savannah Pettitt, 22, white female, wanted for failing to appear on possession of drug paraphernalia and probation violation.
• Jason W. Hill, 35, white male, wanted for failing to pay child support.
• Amanda S. Harmon, 35, white female, wanted for failing to pay child support.
Anyone with information on these individuals should call the Surry County Sheriff's Office at 401-8900 or Crime Stoppers at 786-4000.
Celebrations were cut short last night for football fans in a Leighton Buzzard pub after a smoke bomb was set off after the England's winning penalty was scored.
The Picture House in Lake Street had to close while safety checks were carried out and fans had to leave the pub while the rest of the country was still celebrating England reaching the quarter finals of the Would Cup.
A spokesperson for the Picture House said: “Following a tense and exciting game unfortunately the celebrations were cut a little short when a smoke bomb was released in the pub at the end of the match.
“In order to ensure the safety of all, customers were disbursed and the pub closed whilst checks were carried out.
“The pub is open and trading today as usual.”
An earlier smoke bomb also went off during the match but the pub remained open, after the second smoke bomb went off the pub had to close and it did not reopen until this morning (Wednesday).
>> Were you in the pub when the smoke bomb went off? Send us your account to news@lbobserver.co.uk. Tell us your experiences of Tuesday night's game too, wherever you watched it.
VALDOSTA, Ga. (AP) — Authorities say a silo used to store pecan shells has exploded in south Georgia, shattering windows at businesses blocks away.
No injuries have been reported.
Workers said nearby buildings shook just before 1 p.m. Wednesday when the silo exploded outside the offices of South Georgia Pecan in Valdosta, a city of 56,000 people near the Georgia-Florida state line.
The Valdosta Daily Times reported windows shattered in a clothing shop, jewelry store and other businesses in the city's downtown. Twisted metal littered a parking lot.
The cause of the blast wasn't immediately determined.
The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration has reported more than 500 silo explosions in the U.S. since 1976. Dust collecting in agricultural silos can be highly combustible and may ignite like gunpowder if triggered by a spark.
___
Information from: The Valdosta Daily Times, http://valdostadailytimes.com/
13:01 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Watch: Imam calls for the dissemination of Sharia law in London Read more
Islamic citizens of England chant Qu'ranic scripture in the streets of London. ► ◄ Last Briefs
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — The Latest on migration into Europe (all times local):
11:55 a.m.
The Portuguese picked as the next leader of the U.N.'s migration agency predicts that the number of migrants heading from North Africa to Europe will grow and that European countries will increasingly refuse to let them in.
Antonio Vitorino says "I have no illusions. I know that in coming years the flow of migrants will increase and (destination) countries will close in on themselves."
Vitorino told Portuguese television channel SIC that cooperation between the migrants' countries of origin and European Union countries "is the only response" that will solve the issue of migration to Europe.
He says refugees seeking asylum must be guaranteed protection. He says the admittance of economic migrants depends on whether European labor markets can absorb them.
Vitorino was selected last week as the next director-general of the International Organization for Migration and takes office Oct. 1.
___
10:45 a.m.
A rescue ship carrying 60 migrants has arrived in a Spanish port after being refused entry by Italy and Malta, the second time in a month that a humanitarian group has been forced to travel for days to unload people rescued in the central Mediterranean.
The Open Arms ship docked Wednesday in the northeastern port of Barcelona, where the group — including 5 women, a 9-year-old toddler and four teenagers — will be going through health checks and identification procedures.
The Spanish aid group Proactiva Open Arms said the migrants come from 14 countries and are in good health.
Doctors Without Borders says more than 500 people have died in the Mediterranean since the Aquarius, another rescue ship, was blocked from ports in Italy and Malta in June.
YORK, Pa. (AP) — When she walks onto a golf course as one of the few black women on the links, Sandra Harrison fills with pride and hopes her play will dispel stereotypes and disarm her fellow players — who are often white and male.
What she felt playing at the Grandview Golf Club as a new member in her community could not have been more opposite, Harrison said. The 59-year-old retiree said she was traumatized, rattled and hurt after she said she and the group of black women she was playing with were run off the course before police were called when a white man claimed the women were playing too slowly.
"It was like we were playing with targets on our backs," Harrison said. "What other reason could there be other than we were guilty of being black while golfing?"
No charges were filed, but the confrontation Saturday touched a raw nerve after two other somewhat similar incidents. Two black men in Philadelphia were handcuffed and arrested on April 12 after a Starbucks employee called police because they hadn't bought anything in the store. And employees of an LA Fitness in New Jersey wrongly accused a black member and his guest of not paying to work out and called police, prompting an apology from the company.
Harrison and Sandra Thompson said they were at the second hole when representatives of the Grandview Golf Club told the group they were playing too slowly.
"We knew we snapped those balls and moved right ahead," Thompson said in an interview with The Associated Press.
According to Thompson, one of the other women said she was confronted by a man with a posturing, aggressive demeanor who said, "You need to move forward! I'm the owner!"
Not wanting to lose the day, the group attempted to power through the front nine, Harrison said, but the confrontations made them increasingly upset and unable to concentrate on the game.
After the ninth hole, three of the women dropped out and headed home.
"I said, 'I don't want to do this anymore,'" Harrison said. "I was traumatized."
Down to two players, Thompson figured she and her partner could continue without being bothered. Again, they were approached.
The message this time: "Get off our property." The women were informed the police had been called.
After they were questioned, police declined to proceed further. Thompson said she was offered a check refunding her membership, but refused.
On Sunday club co-owner JJ Chronister told the York Daily Record she called the women personally to "sincerely apologize."
On Monday, she issued a second statement to the newspaper saying players who are slow typically leave the course when asked by club personnel.
"In this instance, the members refused to leave so we called police to ensure an amicable result," the statement reads. It says the women skipped holes and took an extended break.
"During the second conversation we asked members to leave as per our policy noted on the scorecard, voices escalated, and police were called to ensure an amicable resolution," it reads.
It's part of golf etiquette that slow-moving players let groups behind them play through if they are holding things up, and often golf courses have employees who monitor the pace of play, letting golfers know when they are taking too long.
The five are part of a larger group of local women known as Sisters in the Fairway. The group has been around for at least a decade, and all of its members are experienced players who have golfed all over the country and world. They're very familiar with golf etiquette.
"Our name implies that we want to live life in a fair way," Harrison said. We want to be sisters in the fairway, in golf and in life."
Normally, clubs don't allow groups larger than four. Sandra Thompson was the last member to arrive, and checked with a clerk to see if it was OK to join the four others, knowing a fifth member might be an issue. The clerk said it was fine, said Thompson, an attorney and president of the York branch of the NAACP.
Thompson posted a video on her Facebook page showing the interaction with club co-owner Jordan Chronister, his father, former York County Commissioner Steve Chronister, and several other white, male employees.
In it, Jordan Chronister tells the women he's been timing them and that they must leave the premises. The women respond that they took an appropriate break and that the men behind them were still on their beer break and not ready to tee off. The women are then told that the police have been called. And so they wait.
Northern York County Regional Police arrived, conducted interviews and left without charging anyone.
"We were called there for an issue, the issue did not warrant any charges," Northern York County Regional Police Chief Mark Bentzel told the York Daily Record.
JJ Chronister, who owns the club with her husband Jordan Chronister, told the newspaper Sunday that she called the women personally to apologize. She said she hopes to meet with them to discuss how the club can use what happened as a learning experience and do better in the future.
Foreign ministers from most of the world's leading powers are heading to a diplomatic summit of the Group of 20 industrialized and emerging economies in Germany, with all eyes on the new U.S. Secretary of State for clues about the direction Washington will take over the next four years.
At the talks Thursday and Friday in the western city of Bonn, U.S. allies are seeking reassurances from Rex Tillerson that the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump won't ditch a decade of close cooperation among G-20 nations on climate change, international development and the global economy.
Russia, China, Saudi Arabia and Turkey, meanwhile, are looking to gauge the man they'll be dealing with on some of the more sensitive areas of foreign policy in the coming years — including conflicts in Syria and Ukraine, territorial disputes in the South China Sea and nuclear disarmament.
"The issue for any country that's not America is to try and flesh out what Trump means by 'America first,'" said Christopher Smart, a fellow at the Chatham House think tank and former Obama administration adviser on international economic affairs.
A shift away from multilateral diplomacy could see U.S. allies pitted against each other in a bid for Washington's attention, opening up new battle lines. At the same time, smaller countries could be left to pick up the cost of financing international organizations — as well as the burden of behind-the-scenes negotiations — previously shouldered largely by the State Department.
So far, Tillerson has struck a more moderate tone than Trump, suggesting a desire for continuity rather than a radical break with the past, Smart said. How that will work in practice, and who genuinely has the new president's ear, is something diplomats will be trying to find out both in the summit's two working sessions and during a flurry of bilateral meetings at a German government guest house on a mountain overlooking the River Rhine.
"Russia would be a very interesting conversation to hear," said Smart, noting that the G-20 meeting comes days after Trump's national security adviser Michael Flynn resigned over his contacts with Moscow.
This week's talks are also seen as a dress rehearsal for Germany's hosting of the G-20 leaders in Hamburg on July 7-8, which Trump has said he'll attend.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is trying to downplay differences with Trump — who called her refugee policy "a total disaster" — by stressing Berlin's willingness to cooperate with his administration. Earlier this month, she sent her foreign minister, Sigmar Gabriel, to Washington to meet with Tillerson within hours of his Senate confirmation.
Gabriel, who is also new to the post following a recent Cabinet reshuffle, said Wednesday that talks among the G-20 — which also includes Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, India, Indonesia, Japan, Mexico, South Africa, South Korea and several European countries — are key to ensuring that foreign policy is "more than crisis management."
"We would be well-advised not to constantly run from one blaze to the next with the fire extinguisher," he said, stressing the importance of preventing crises. Germany saw first-hand two years ago how conflicts in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan led to an unprecedented movement of refugees into Europe, with a lasting impact on the continent.
Without mentioning the United States by name, Gabriel said problems caused by terrorism, water shortage and humanitarian emergencies couldn't be tackled through isolation. "Climate change can't be fought using barbed wire," he said.
Still, few believe that this year's G-20 meetings will be as harmonious as Germany's stewardship of the G-7 format two years ago, which produced pictures of Merkel and Obama strolling across an Alpine meadow.
Left-wing groups are planning a protest Thursday near the conference venue, which for decades was home to West Germany's parliament before the capital was moved to Berlin following the country's reunification.
Bonn has since become an example of Germany's vision for multilateral diplomacy, hosting numerous international organizations and United Nations offices with a particular focus on climate change — an issue the new U.S. administration has expressed skepticism about.
———
Follow Frank Jordans on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/wirereporter
Seafood is big business, but there is a limited supply of fish in the ocean. Now, a policy push in the United States aimed at making seafood more sustainable has made it more difficult for coastal communities that depend on fishing to compete with investors and large corporations. Marketplace host Kai Ryssdal spoke with Lee van der Voo about her book on this topic, "The Fish Market: Inside the Big-Money Battle for the Ocean and Your Dinner Plate." Below is an edited transcript of their conversation.
Kai Ryssdal: Tell me the story of how this book came to be.
Lee van der Voo: Sure. Actually, I had just written a story about seafood and was in a bar with a bunch of writers loudly complaining about how I was never going to do it again. Somebody heard me and bet me, on the spot, one beer that they could get me to do it. And they started telling me about a new policy push to make seafood more sustainable in America and how it was starting to have some really significant downstream consequences for coastal communities and people who fish.
Ryssdal: Long story short, you lost the beer.
Van der Voo: Yeah, I lost that bet. It was worth it.
Ryssdal: Do me favor and define a term for me, because it's kind of at the root of this whole book, this idea of “catch share.”
Van der Voo: Sure. The U.S. enforces limits on how many fish can come out of the water. They do it to make sure that the fish that come out in any given year can be there again next year and in 20 years. A catch share is a means of enforcing that cap. And what it is, is to take the pie of all the fish that can be caught in a given year, and slicing it up and giving the pieces away in ownership to individuals and corporations that qualify.
Ryssdal: So, in theory, if I could buy into this market, I could buy the rights to 250,000 pounds of pollock or whatever it is.
Van der Voo: If you've got a deep enough pocket you can.
Ryssdal: Right. The problem though, at least as I gather from your book, is that these rights then become privatized. What was supposed to be a communal health-of-the-ocean thing has become an economic device.
Van der Voo: Yeah, indeed it has. The idea was give fishermen a stake in the ocean, and they'll become conservationists. But it was a bit of a gamble. It was like giving 100 people houses and betting everybody's going to cut their grass; you just don't really know. And the effect has been kind of mixed. Some people became the good stewards that conservationists envisioned when they pushed this policy in America, and a lot of people just became landlords.
Ryssdal: How much of this is related to the idea that we, or a lot of us as consumers, want, which is sustainable fishing and not going out and just rapaciously taking all the fish from the sea?
Van der Voo: It certainly rode that wave. There are a lot of ways to enforce caps on the ocean, and I would say that private property rights have not been the best way to do it. But certainly a lot of this has been wrapped in this ethos of conservation and eating without harm. Seafood is interesting for consumers. Consumers like to go to the store, and they want to eat beef and chicken, and dependably it's always there. Seafood is tougher. It's not that way, it's never been that way. And catchers, I think a lot of what made them unique, was the promise that they could become that way — that seafood could become available for diners like hot dogs and candy corn. You show up at the grocery store and there it is. It definitely did slow down the market for catching fish. It started to balance out a lot of the supply-demand problems that came from other types of regulation. But again, that private property right has really complicated things for workers in the industry and also for the communities in which they live.
Ryssdal: This transition to catch shares, has it been transparent to consumer? I mean, 30 years ago, if I went to the freezer aisle and got some fish sticks, is it a different experience for me today? It's basically same deal right?
Van der Voo: I don't know that the transition has been terribly transparent. I think that there's been a lot of discussion about fishermen leading better lives and being more deeply rewarded for the work that they do. And I think that that's true for people who became inheritors of the resource. The ones that are still out there fishing, they definitely do get paid better, they're safer because the industry has slowed down through this method of pre-assigning who gets to catch what, and it definitely is ecologically cleaner to pre-assign the catch. But the private property piece, that's the piece that nobody talks about. I mean, in any other natural resource industry in America, say timber or mining, we do this through leasing. We don't do it by giving people ownership over the resource. And it's that ownership that is creating these downstream consequences for so many people. It used to be, that if you were a fisherman and you wanted to grow in your industry, you would just get better at it. And you would, over time, be able to afford your own boat, afford your own equipment, afford the licenses to go fishing. Now you have to be able to afford the access to the ocean, which is tremendously expensive. And so, the next logical inheritor of the resource is no longer the fishermen, it's investors, it's corporations, it's entities that are moving the economic benefits of fishing further and further away from coastal towns.
Ryssdal: Great line in the acknowledgements, which, to be fair, you credit to Rick Lyman at the New York Times: “People don't care about fish or fishing, they care about seafood.” That's kind of what underlies this whole thing right?
Van der Voo: Yes, indeed. People care about what they eat. Maybe not so much about the person that brings it to them, but maybe they should. You know, this is a pretty significant trend here in this nation. We've seen a lot in the last election, people talk an awful lot about what has happened to workers in the heartland, but we're not really talking about what's happening to workers in coastal communities. Right now, that halibut that's costing $28 to $30 a pound in the Whole Foods case, the guy that goes and catches that is paying up to 75 percent of the revenue of that trip to a landlord. That's a problem.
Ryssdal: It's a book called "The Fish Market" by Lee van der Voo. Lee, thanks very much.
Van der Voo: Thank you for your time.
An electrician from the Netherlands discovered during repair work a suitcase containing visa applications to the United States that Holocaust victims filled out 76 years ago.
The electrician, Guus Braam, and the owner of the home where he discovered the suitcase wrapped in newspaper inside a crawl space, gave the objects to the Jewish Historical Museum in Amsterdam suspecting it “must have something to do with the war,” Braam told the daily, which published an article on the find Sunday.
After a locksmith opened the suitcase, researchers at the museum traced it back to the Redlich family, a household of two parents and their two sons, Peter and Gunther, who fled Hamburg in 1938 for Amsterdam. The Redlichs, who owned a raincoat factory, all perished in the Holocaust.
The suitcase found on Stadionkade Street in southern Amsterdam contained money, Peter's high school report card, his picture, a notice of his death at the age of 19 in a concentration camp in Austria, and visa applications for his parents and brother, among other objects. The report did not say whether the Redlichs ever received an answer to their application.
The suitcase and its contents will go on display on April 20 at the Jewish Historical Museum, the report also said.
Peter was arrested during a raid in Amsterdam and sent to a concentration camp in the Netherlands and from there to the Mauthausen concentration camp in Austria. He died there, like 60 percent of the 199,404 prisoners who passed through the camp, including 38,120 Jews.
His parents were deported to the Westerbork concentration camp in 1944 and murdered there in February. His brother is believed to have died several weeks later. Gunther and his parents may have been living in hiding until 1944 and betrayed to the authorities, according to Het Parool. Approximately 75 percent of 140,000 Dutch Jews were murdered in the Holocaust – the highest death rate in Nazi-occupied Western Europe.
In addition to a laconic notice on Peter's death, the suitcase also contained a letter that he sent to his parents from Mauthausen soon after arriving there. “I am well and you needn't worry about me,” the letter read. The factory where Peter was employed, Asscher Interieurs, sent the family three months' worth of his salary to help the family deal with the loss, documents in the suitcase also show.
In Peter's school report card, a teacher wrote: “We know him to be a studious pupil who fulfilled his scholastic duties fastidiously.”
In a ledger found in the suitcase, Peter for years noted down his expenses and income from after school work and allowance. A sailing enthusiast, he bought a small boat which he paid in installments. He also noted down his expenses on a book on sailing, movie tickets, a sports shirt and gifts he bought his parents: A pencil for his “Mutti” and a cigarette lighter for his “Vati,” as he called them in the ledger.
“It turned out to be a spectacular find,” Peter Buijs, a researcher for the Jewish museum, said of the suitcase. “These documents make up a picture of the tragedy that happened to this family. It gives Peter Redlich a face.”
The owner of the home where the suitcase was found, Marianne Eleveld-Lasès, auctioned off several coins that were found in the suitcase but decided to donate the rest to the museum, Het Parool reported.
Transcript for Gunman allegedly terrorizing drivers on Michigan highways
going to stop any time soon. To an apart serial shooter in Detroit. Police are trying to find a gunman terrorizing drivers on the highway after a fourth person came forward saying she was targeted. ABC's Adrienne Bankert has the latest. Reporter: An urgent manhunt to find the person responsible for shooting at random cars on two Michigan freeways. People were hanging outside the vehicle shooting. Reporter: At least four cars have been hit. Individual says that he was driving down the road. Heard some popping sound, pulled over to the sound of the freeway and saw bullet shoes in in his car. Reporter: He pulls over bleeding as he limps inside for help. Can you call E police for me? I just got shot in my electric. I thought it was a rock. I'm on I-94. Reporter: All within ten miles and roughly 20 minutes of each other. Sounds like our caller's vehicle was struck. He's got a couple of flat tires and he has holes in his vehicle. Reporter: Three describe a silver car pulling alongside them and shots fired. Police believe it is the work of one gunman. We don't rule out anything because we're at the very beginning of this investigation. Reporter: Now, we're here on that stretch of roadway where the man says that bullet hit his leg. None of the other drivers were hurt. But when you do the math, the gunman had to be traveling at speeds well over 80 plus miles per hour in order to be at all four shooting scenes. All right, Adrienne, thanks for being there with us.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The Coast Guard is suspending its search for a small plane that went missing off Hawaii with three people on board.
The Coast Guard said Sunday it found no trace of the Cessna during its search covering nearly 1,500 square miles.
The search began Friday evening when the Coast Guard received a call that the Cessna disappeared from radar while en route to Molokai from Honolulu. Bad weather hampered the initial search.
On board were pilot Michael Childers and passengers John Mizuno and Whitney Thomas. The Honolulu Star-Advertiser reports ( http://bit.ly/2ivIVwK ) all three were in their 20s.
The Federal Aviation Administration said the plane's last known position was about 35 miles east-southeast of Kaneohe.
Vallejo police are investigating a fatal shooting that may be related to an earlier incident at an elementary school between two young students.A man was shot and killed Thursday morning on Kemper Street -- not far from his home. Police say the shooting happened on the street after a fight that started around 10 a.m.Neighbors told ABC7 News the victim and suspect lived just a few houses away from each other.The Vallejo school superintendent would not give details but confirmed that the homicide affected two young students at Loma Vista Elementary where counselors were brought in Friday for students and staff.Vallejo police however, would not confirm any connection between the homicide and the children at the school -- citing an "ongoing investigation."
ISIS claimed responsibility for the shooting rampage at a New Year's Eve celebration at an Istanbul nightclub that killed at least 39 people and injured nearly 70 more, including one American, as authorities continued a manhunt for the assailant.
The gunman entered the popular Reina club early Sunday morning armed with what authorities described as a long-barreled weapon. Surveillance video footage of the moments leading up to shooting spree shows the shooter firing his weapon as he approached the club. He killed a policeman and a civilian outside of the club before "[raining] bullets in a very cruel and merciless way on innocent people" inside the club, according to Visip Sahin, the governor of Istanbul.
Most of the victims in the massacre were shot at close range or took bullets directly to the head, an official morgue report said.
ISIS propaganda channels published a statement Monday claiming that the attack was a response to Turkey's military operations against the Islamic State group. The statement suggests that the nightclub was targets because it is where "Christians celebrate their apostate holiday" although many of the 39 victims may have been Musliam.
"One of the hero soldiers of the caliphate hit one of the most famous nightclubs where Christians celebrate their apostate holiday ... so the Turkish government knows that the Muslim blood it is spilling through its airstrikes and artillery will strike back in the midst of its nation," the ISIS statement said.
Fifteen of those killed were Turkish, and the other 24 hailed from a diverse array of countries including Belgium, France, India, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia and Tunisia, according to Turkish media.
The Reina club had attracted a diverse crowd of between 400 and 500 patrons from foreign countries as well as Turkey to ring in the new year.
Among the nearly 70 people injured was a small business owner from Greenville, Delaware, Jake Raak, who was shot in the leg, family members told ABC station WPVI-TV in Philadelphia. Raak's brother, Michael, told WPVI-TV the bullet may have struck his cellphone, which prevented him from being injured more seriously.
The U.S. is not aware of any Americans dying in the attack, the U.S. State Department said early Sunday.
At a press conference Sunday, authorities said the assailant arrived wearing a jacket and pants, and is believed to have left wearing different clothing.
ABC News' Darren Reynolds, Devin Villacis, Engin Bas, Benjamin Gittleson, Troy McMullen and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — As President Donald Trump declared that "America First does not mean America alone" at a global economic forum in Switzerland, his top diplomat was on a European trip of his own, trying to convince skeptical allies that the oft-repeated phrase is more than just lip service.
Yet a year into Trump's presidency, his administration has demonstrated that "America First" may, indeed, mean "America alone," though it remains unclear if that has helped Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's bargaining position on crucial national security and foreign policy matters.
Amid crises in multiple hotspots and before joining Trump at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Tillerson visited London and Paris with a full agenda aimed at defusing not only the issues at hand but also tensions with Washington.
His mission was primarily to secure British and French support for tough new measures against Iran that might prevent the U.S. from withdrawing from the 2015 nuclear accord. Along the way, he also accused Russia of responsibility for chemical weapons attacks in Syria and chastised Turkey for attacking U.S.-backed Kurd forces there.
"As the old saying goes, it's always darkest before the dawn," Tillerson said while wrapping up his European tour in Warsaw on Saturday. "I don't want to say we're at the darkest moment of any of those three areas ... but I think it's why we have given it so much attention and are working hard with partners and allies to put mechanisms in place to begin the very, very hard work of addressing the concerns in all three."
Tillerson left London for Paris on Monday cautiously optimistic that progress could be made with the British and the French on crafting a supplemental agreement to the Iran deal that would address what Trump has said are serious flaws. Trump has vowed to pull out if those issues aren't addressed by spring.
In London, Tillerson announced the formation of working groups that began meeting this week to look at specific points of concern including Iran's ballistic missile program, sunset provisions that gradually allow Iran to resume some advanced atomic work, Iranian support for Syria's government, Yemen's Houthi rebels and LebaRunon's Hezbollah movement.
While Iran will be excluded from those discussions, he said, the working groups would explore "how we might engage the Iranians on discussions to address these issues."
On Tuesday, French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian questioned why the U.S. was focused on securing the side deal only with the three European nations that are individual participants in the nuclear accord — Britain, France and Germany — and not the other parties, China and Russia, or the European Union as a bloc.
It was in Paris, at the inauguration of a new group dedicated to bringing those who use banned chemical weapons to justice, that Tillerson launched his accusations at Russia. In unusually harsh terms, he accused Moscow of violating the 2013 accord brokered with the U.S. to rid Syria of its chemical weapons stocks and the international treaty that bans such arms. He also said Moscow was ultimately responsible for every chemical weapons attack in Syria since it became militarily involved in the conflict in 2015.
Russian officials responded furiously, insisting that the U.S. was inventing new chemical weapons strikes for the purpose of maligning Russia. Still, when Tillerson spoke the next day with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, the spat was not mentioned in readouts by either side.
On Saturday, Tillerson stood his ground, saying new evidence of recent chemical weapons attacks outside Damascus had emerged since his initial remarks. He also referenced Trump's decision last year to respond to a chemical weapons attack with cruise missile strikes in Syria.
"Russia has again failed in their commitment because the chemical weapons are clearly there. They are being used against civilian populations and the most vulnerable — children — inside Syria," he said. "And I think President Trump was pretty clear the last time he saw this happen inside of Syria."
In Paris, Tillerson also encountered Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusolu, whose government has highly criticized U.S. support for Kurdish forces in Syria that Ankara considers terrorists. A Turkish military operation against those forces in the northern city of Afrin entered its second week Saturday despite U.S. calls for restraint, and NATO ally Turkey appeared poised to expand its offense to other Kurd-held sites.
As other U.S. officials have done, Tillerson recognized that Turkey has legitimate security concerns along its border with Syria. But he also renewed the appeal for restraint.
"What we hope is that Turkey is able to satisfy that it has addressed its security concerns on its border, and it can limit the amount of fighting that goes on because clearly there are civilian casualties every time this happened, and we're already seeing those casualties," he said.
The U.S. Navy's Blue Angels, Canadian Snowbirds, and several other military aircraft dazzled Fleet Week attendees along San Francisco's waterfront on Friday. Here's a look at some of the best moments. (KGO-TV)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Hola! I'm Lucy Lopez. Philanthropist of "Cool" and advocate of "Awkward." We might know each other. I truly believe POP CULTURE is not limited to celebrity news - As a matter of fact, we really want to focus on local pop culture. We love it all...
Sen. Lindsey Graham today called for a broader bipartisan investigation if it's true that Donald Trump's campaign communicated with Russians in the year leading up to the 2016 presidential election.
"If there are contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian intelligence officials outside the norm, that's not only big league bad; that's a game changer," Graham, R-S.C., said in an interview on ABC News' "Good Morning America."
"If it is true, it is very, very disturbing to me.”
Sources familiar with the matter confirmed to ABC News Tuesday that U.S. authorities were probing communications between associates of Trump and suspected Russian intelligence officials before the presidential election.
The New York Times first reported the alleged “repeated contacts” between Trump's associates and Russians in the lead-up to the election. U.S. officials speaking with the newspaper noted, however, that there was no evidence of cooperation between the campaign and the Russians to attempt to “influence the election.”
ABC News' Adam Kelsey contributed to this report.
This is a breaking news story. Please check back for updates.
FILE - In this Nov. 9, 2016, file photo, Conor McGregor gestures toward fans while working out at Madison Square Garden in New York. Boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday, June 14, 2017, he will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26. Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena. The fight will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)
LAS VEGAS (AP) -- The real fun will come before the fight, and what a spectacle it should be. Put Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Conor McGregor on a stage together to promote their fight and anything can happen.
Put them together in a ring, though, and it's an absolute mismatch.
That's the first thing to consider when all the talk begins about what a devastating puncher McGregor is. The first thing to think about when it's suggested that Mayweather may have lost some of his skills after two years of traveling the world in his private jet.
If you thought you were snookered out of $100 when Mayweather fought a snoozer against Manny Pacquiao, you might keep a firm hand on your wallet. The greatest defensive fighter of his time against a guy who has never thrown a punch in a pro boxing match?
Let the yawning begin.
This could be 12 rounds of tedium on Aug. 26 in Las Vegas that makes Mayweather-Pacquiao look like Hagler-Hearns in comparison. It might be some kind of bizarre disqualification when McGregor finds out Mayweather doesn't stick his chin out to be hit the way some UFC fighters do or really does try to kick Mayweather when he's down.
What it won't be is any kind of legitimate fight, no matter how much rabid UFC fans want desperately to believe it will be.
That's no knock on McGregor, who is a ferocious puncher in the octagon with a personality to match his power. Indeed, he would likely be heavily favored over Mayweather had the two decided to do the fight under UFC rules.
One of the great trash talkers, too, who was just warming up on Wednesday when he told UFC chief Dana White what his intentions are.
''Conor told me this morning the McGregor clan has been taking over villages for 300 years,'' White said, ''and that Floyd's village is next.''
Good stuff, and there's lots more to come. McGregor can turn a phrase as well as he can throw a punch or a water bottle at an opponent.
If this was a reality show it would be a hit in the ratings. Just imagine the scene when McGregor rolls into Mayweather's new strip club in Las Vegas and mimics his propensity for throwing cash around.
But this is a boxing match, and Mayweather is a masterful boxer. He was throwing punches before he could walk, and if he had elected to stay in retirement he'd still be considered one of the top 10 fighters ever.
Two years out of the ring won't change that. Age won't be a factor, either, and Mayweather has never let himself get out of shape.
Oddsmakers in this gambling city understand that, setting the initial line at a whopping 11-1 in Mayweather's favor. It would be even higher than that, but UFC fans will be lining up with $20 bills in hand to bet their man as an underdog.
''Realistically if we were just putting up a number and didn't have to take bets on it, Floyd would be 100-1,'' said Nick Bogdanovich, oddsmaker for the William Hill chain.
Mayweather was out on a run in Los Angeles when the fight was announced, training intensely already like he always does. Someone else will have to watch over the strip club for a few months while he focuses on the task at hand.
There's huge money at stake, even for a fighter who made more than $200 million for beating Pacquiao. No one is making predictions, but it's likely the hybrid fight will at least end up in second place in pay-per-view sales behind the $400 million or so brought in by the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight.
Balance that against the chance McGregor may ruin his brand - and that of the UFC - by being embarrassed by Mayweather in the ring, and the money wins out.
Even White, who was initially skeptical about putting his star in a boxing match, seems ready now to push the idea that he could actually win.
''I've stopped doubting this kid a long time ago,'' White said. ''The reason he's such a superstar is this guy will fight anyone, anywhere, at any time.''
Give McGregor credit for doing that, but give him even more credit for what turned out to be a masterful plan to make the fight happen. It was two years ago that he first suggested he could beat Mayweather in a boxing ring, and he's trolled Mayweather ever since, jabbing at every opening until he finally got him to sign on the dotted line.
Sure, it's a freak show of sorts, bordering on something you see in WWE. But both fighters know their roles, and they will play them well.
So enjoy the ride, because it should be a wild one.
Just understand that the fun almost surely ends when the opening bell rings.
---
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to him at tdahlberg(at)ap.org or http:twitter.com//timdahlberg
08:23 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 IDF soldier injured by Arab stone-throwers Read more Arabs throw rocks at IDF soldiers operating near Jericho, security forces confiscate illegal firearms. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II on Thursday said he would ask the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) to cancel the passport of retired police officer Arturo Lascañas.
“I will be formalizing a request with Foreign Affairs Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano of the DFA for the immediate cancellation of the passport of Mr. Arturo Lascañas,” Aguirre said in a statement.
Aguirre, in a department order dated June 8, ordered the National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) to coordinate with International Police (Interpol) to locate Lascañas.
ADVERTISEMENT
Lascañas left the Philippines with his family onboard Tiger Airways flight 2703 for Singapore last April 8. His return ticket was April 22, 2017, but Bureau of Immigration spokesperson Maria Antonette Bucasas Mangrobang said they had no record of his return. Mangrobang said they could not ascertain if Singapore was his final destination or a stopover.
“Verily, his acts manifest his lack of desire to face the charges of murder and attempted murder filed against him in the Regional Trial Court of Davao City… If he believes in his innocence then he should welcome his arrest as a chance for him to clear his name and get on with his life,” Aguirre said in the same statement.
“However, if he is guilty, we cannot tolerate his continuing flight. As it is said, when a crime goes unpunished, the world is unbalanced and the heavens will look down on us in shame,” he added.
Last June 5, the Davao City Regional Trial Court Branch 10 issued a warrant of arrest for Lascañas for the 2003 killing of journalist Jun Pala.
Earlier, Lascañas testified in the Senate and admitted his involvement in Pala's killing as a member of the alleged Davao Death Squad. He claimed that it was Duterte who ordered the murder of Pala. CBB/rga
Intelligence chiefs consider Russian threats to UK infrastructure
Image: Shutterstock
Intelligence chiefs have warned power bosses to boost security measures amid fears of a cyberattack from Russia as tensions with the UK increase.
Officials from the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) warned National Grid, energy suppliers, the Sellafield plant and other essential services like the NHS to prepare for a potentially state-sponsored attack.
The dramatic suggestion comes following the international dispute surrounding the nerve agent attack on Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia in Salisbury.
The security agency also gave advice on how organisations can improve their defences to prevent power cuts and recover following cyberattacks aiming to shut down their websites or steal customer data.
Paul Chichester, the NCSC Director of Operations, said: “It is absolutely right that we give advice to sectors on defending themselves from cyberattacks.
“We are vigilant to cyber threats wherever they come from and are ready to defend against them.”
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — The Brooklyn Nets own two first-round draft picks, though not the one that has a 25 percent chance of being No. 1 overall.
They have money to spend in free agency, if they want to go that route.
MORE: Lichtenstein: Nets Have Long List Of Needs Entering Important Offseason
So there are ways to upgrade the worst team in the NBA.
They just won't rush it.
“Listen, I know we have big strides to make and 20 wins, not enough,” coach Kenny Atkinson said at the team's season-ending news conference Monday. “It's not good enough for any of us, but I do think we're going to reap the benefits of going through this struggle.”
The Nets finished 20-62 in their first season under Atkinson, getting most of those victories during the final two months of the season. It was expected to be a rough season, and it was, as they undertake a rebuilding process under general manager Sean Marks after years of sometimes reckless spending that never brought them close to a championship.
LISTEN: ‘City Game' Podcast
They won't get near one anytime soon, either. Marks used the word “strategically” about a half-dozen times Monday to describe the way he will build the team.
The easiest chance for an immediate score in a promising draft is long gone, because the Nets have to swap picks with Boston as they continue paying for the trade that landed them Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett. So the Celtics will have no worse than the No. 4 pick in the draft.
But the Nets do have the Celtics' pick and acquired Washington's during the season, giving them two selections later in the first round.
VIDEO: Nets' Marks, Atkinson Still Positive At Tail End Of Tough Season
“I like having two picks, that's for sure,” Marks said. “I think it just gives us another swing at it.”
Beyond that, the Nets could try to sign a veteran star to become the headliner of the team, but that doesn't sound like the plan.
“I think we've got to really evaluate the roster, and if you go after one of the top-tier guys, you obviously would hope to get them — you hope to get all your targets that you go for — but does that really make you better? Does it get you to 30 wins, 35 wins?” Marks said.
“The objective here is for us to be in the playoffs. When that comes, we'll have to wait and see, but you don't want to go and sign free agents and next thing your payroll is capped out and so forth and you're a 25-win team.”
Nets executives are bound this week for Europe, where they will meet with Russian owner Mikhail Prokhorov and do some scouting. The makeup of the roster for next season seems wide open beyond point guard Jeremy Lin, with center Brook Lopez perennial trade bait even as he adapted his game well this season to fit Atkinson's offense.
Prokhorov, who once longed to win a championship within five years, now seems on board with a gradual rebuild.
It took time to get the Nets into the situation they're in, and they're prepared to take time to get out.
“Obviously the losses weren't easy, but I did understand, I think we understood what we're getting into, and I know in the long run that the adversity that we had to face, it's almost like you deserve to face that,” Atkinson said.
“So I kind of like that process and looking back on it, having to fight through some tough times, I think that's going to make us better in the long run. But I know it's one foot in front of the other.”
CULTURE CLUB
Lin isn't only the Nets' starting point guard, he's also willing to assume the role of a recruiter.
He told the New York Post that now that the Nets have developed a culture he doesn't believe convincing free agents to sign with with them.
“First of all, it's Brooklyn. It's New York,” he said. “Second of all, everyone can tell this culture is completely different. You can talk to the players. There's a freshness, a different vibe, and what we did after the All-Star break will help. But also, players just want to be treated the right way, and I know that there's definitely a lot of interest.”
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
A rescue ship carrying 60 migrants arrived Wednesday in a Spanish port after being refused entry by Italy and Malta, the second time in a month that a humanitarian group has been forced to travel for days to unload people rescued in the central Mediterranean.
The Italian government is blocking private rescue boats that it blames for encouraging human traffickers to launch unseaworthy boats loaded with migrants toward Europe.
But the aid groups deny having any link to smugglers in Libya or elsewhere, and say they are being forced to leave unattended the busy migrant sea transit route where deaths are mounting.
The Open Arms rescue ship completed a four-day journey to Barcelona, in northeastern Spain, after it saved 60 people Saturday from a rubber boat floating in waters north of Libya.
The migrants come from 14 different countries and include five women, a 9-year-old boy and four older teenagers, some of them unaccompanied. The Spanish aid group Proactiva Open Arms said they were generally in good health but some may have fuel burns.
The migrants were going through health checks and identification procedures. Authorities granted them a 30-day permit to apply for residence or asylum in the European Union. Many have relatives in Germany, Belgium and France.
According to the International Organization for Migration, more than 500 people have died trying to cross from Libya since the Aquarius, another charity rescue ship, was blocked from ports in Italy and Malta in early June. The 630 migrants were finally taken in by Spain and France.
Doctors Without Borders blamed the deaths on the European Union's inaction.
"The EU is abdicating their responsibilities to save lives, blocking search and rescue and condemning people to be trapped in Libya," the group said in a tweet Wednesday. "Any deaths caused by this are now at their hands."
In all, IOM says 1,405 people have died in the dangerous Mediterranean Sea crossing this year.
The Open Arms docking in Barcelona was followed closely by the Astral, a sister boat run by the same organization where four European Parliament lawmakers witnessed the rescue operation.
Lawmaker Javier Lopez of Spain said the rescue boat's arrival was a reason "to celebrate life" but deplored the mounting death toll in the Mediterranean.
Lopez said Europe should be able to manage the number of migrants arriving by sea this year— around 50,000 so far into Spain, Italy and Greece.
"Aren't we, 500 million Europeans, able to manage the arrival of 50,000 people?" he said.
——
Parra reported from Madrid.
Jewish women and their children rescued from Arab villages light Hanukkah candles for first time since being rescued.
About 70 women rescued from Arab villages with the help of the Yad L'Achim organization lit Hanukkah candles together with about 120 children at a ceremony Yad L'achim hosted for them and their children last week. It was the first time many of the children had ever lit Hanukkah candles.
""This is a special event that has become a tradition over the years," the Yad L'Achim organization said in a statement. "But this year we were surprised to record nearly 200 participants. The event itself was exciting, because for some of them this is the first time they've lit Hanukkah candles since being freed."
Among the participants in the event were a number of women who were rescued only a few months earlier.
During that special day, which was held this year in Ashdod, the rescued women and their children participated in many activities and attractions, including boat sailing. The children participated in the candle-lighting ceremony at the end of the day.
The Chief Rabbi of Ashdod, Rabbi Yosef Sheinin, said that it was heartwarming to see so many Jewish women returning to Judaism with their children.
"It is exciting to see Jewish children lighting Hanukkah candles for the first time in their lives, and their mothers shedding tears of joy." Rabbi Sheinin said.
MOSCOW (AP) — A Moscow movie theater that had been showing a satirical film about Soviet leader Josef Stalin in defiance of an official Russian government ban canceled further screenings Friday.
The Pioner theater's announcement came several hours after Moscow police visited the theater. Police didn't declare the purpose of their visit, but it followed the Russian Culture Ministry's warning that the theater could face sanctions including fines.
The Culture Ministry on Tuesday rescinded the permit allowing Scottish writer-director Armando Iannucci's "The Death of Stalin" to be shown in theaters. The decision came after communists and others criticized the movie as a mockery of Russian history.
The film was scheduled to premiere in Russia on Thursday, and the Pioner theater screened it as planned. Showing an unlicensed film is punishable by a fine of up to 100,000 rubles (about $1,800) and could lead to a theater's closure in case of a second violation.
In announcing it was pulling the movie, the theater said on its Facebook page that pre-purchased tickets would be refunded and "for all further questions, we ask you to turn to the Ministry of Culture."
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — Ongoing drought and wildfires have cattle ranchers in at least five Southwestern U.S. states scrambling for hay or pastureland, while others are selling off some of their herds.
Extreme drought conditions have contributed to wildfires in Colorado, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas and New Mexico, delaying the growth of or destroying grass and wheat used to feed cattle in spring.
Rancher Darrel Shepherd of Custer, Oklahoma, says finding hay in northwest Oklahoma is nearly impossible and two wildfires that burned about 545 square miles (1412 sq. kilometers) have destroyed pastures.
Federal agriculture officials in New Mexico say ranchers may not have feed to maintain their herd sizes and that some are already trimming their herds, while farmers along the Rio Grande are bracing for less water to irrigate their crops
___
Associated Press writer Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque contributed to this report.
The University of the Philippines has offered a Doctor of Laws, honoris causa, degree to President Rodrigo Duterte, despite questions on his campaign against drugs.
The UP Board of Regents (BOR), the university's highest policy making body, has offered Duterte the honorary doctor of laws degree as part of tradition, according to Chairperson Patricia Licuanan Commission on Higher Education (CHEd) said
Licuanan co-chairs the Board of Regents with UP President Danilo Concepcion.
ADVERTISEMENT
UP offers the honorary doctors degree to Philippine presidents usually on their first year in office. Former President Benigno Aquino III was also conferred the degree when he was commencement speaker at the 2011 UP Diliman graduation.
“In keeping with tradition, UP is conferring an honorary doctorate on the President. President Duterte has yet to accept,” Licuanan said in a text message to the Inquirer.
Student regent Raoul Manuel also told Inquirer that the BOR was mulling on the move to confer the honorary degree to the President. But nothing was final yet.
“It is still a plan but not yet final,” Manuel said, although he noted that the honorary degree is traditionally conferred to the country's president.
“Yes, it is part of tradition according to the UP administration,” Manuel said.
Asked about any mounting protest at the state university, known for its militant history, especially during the martial law regime of President Ferdinand Marcos, Manuel said his office would soon issue a statement on the conferment.
Former student regent Cleve Arguelles took to Facebook to express disappointment at the move to confer the honorary doctorate degree to Duterte.
In a public post, Arguelles said Duterte should be conferred instead with a doctorate on “crimes against humanity,” due his administration's brutal war on drugs that has left thousands of suspected drug pushers and addicts killed.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The University of the Philippines to confer Doctor of Laws, honoris causa, to Duterte. Where is honor and excellence in this? The university must not be complicit in the president's bloody war on drugs,” Arguelles, who served as student regent in 2012, said.
“The only honorary degree that the University of the Philippines should confer to President Duterte: Doctor of Crimes Against Humanity,” he added.
Minutes of the BOR meeting on April 6 showed that it was Sen. Francis Escudero, the Senate representative to the BOR, who moved to discuss about the conferment.
Escudero's motion was seconded by regents Frederick Mikhail Farolan and Angelo Jimenez, both appointees of Duterte.
According to the minutes, the conferment should not be announced until it has been accepted by the awardee.
If he accepts, Duterte will be the 14th head of state to receive the honorary degree.
Other former Philippine presidents conferred with the degree were Manuel Quezon (March 16, 1929), Sergio Osmeña (March 25, 1930), Manuel A. Roxas (April 13, 1948), Elpidio Quirino (Feb. 12, 1949), Emilio Aguinaldo (June 12, 1953), Ramon Magsaysay (April 5, 1955), Carlos García (April 7, 1959), Diosdado Macapagal (May 30, 1965), Ferdinand Marcos (May 22, 1966), José Laurel Sr. (April 20, 1969), Corazón Aquino (April 20, 1986), and Fidel Ramos (April 24, 1993).
Deposed President Joseph Estrada, who was convicted of plunder by the Sandiganbayan over jueteng kickbacks but was later pardoned by his successor Gloria Arroyo, was also commencement speaker at the UP Diliman graduation in 1999.
Estrada and Arroyo were also offered the honorary degree but they turned it down. /atm
Sponsored by American Airlines, the Bermuda International Film Festival will be holding their Awards reception in the beautiful Bermuda National Gallery. Starting at 6:30pm, BIFF will be running previews of the top submissions of the Live Action Narrative Shorts competition, followed by the announcement of the 2018 winners, making them eligible for Oscar consideration (without theatrical release). Cocktails will be served throughout the reception.
To purchase tickets, or to find out more, please visit:
http://www.biff.bm/
CAIRO (AP) — Sudan's official news agency says archeologists have reopened burial chambers in an ancient pyramid north of the capital, Khartoum.
SUNA says Tuesday the chambers are located at a depth of 10 meters (about 33 feet) under a pyramid in the Meroe area. The UNESCO world heritage site is home to pyramids ranging from six meters (20 feet) to 30 meters (100 feet) tall.
It says archeologists from a Qatari mission discovered artifacts, including human and animal bones, inside the chambers.
The pyramids, with narrow bases and steep angles on the sides, were built by the ancient Nubian civilization between 720 and 300 B.C.
Qatar has pledged $135 million to renovate and support Sudan's antiquities.
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) — Tom Brady was intercepted twice by Xavien Howard and held without a third-down conversion Monday night, and the Miami Dolphins snapped the New England Patriots' eight-game winning streak with a surprising 27-20 victory.
The Dolphins (6-7) were 11-point underdogs at home, but they kept the Patriots (10-3) from clinching their ninth consecutive AFC East title — at least for another week.
Brady went 24 for 43 for 233 yards and one touchdown. Miami sacked him twice and hit him five times, and held the Patriots to 25 yards rushing. New England was 0 for 11 on third down.
The Dolphins' Jay Cutler threw for 263 yards and three scores, including two to Jarvis Landry. Kenyan Drake had 114 yards rushing and 79 receiving.
A Brady touchdown pass cut the deficit to 10 points with 13 minutes left, but the Patriots' next three possessions netted 5 yards. After a New England field goal, Miami sealed the victory by recovering an onside kick with 53 seconds to go.
The Dolphins wore the uniforms from their perfect 1972 season and looked the part. For the first time in four prime-time appearances this season, they rose to the occasion.
Miami tried to turn the game into a laugher in the third quarter when Landry caught a touchdown pass and then set the ball down in the end zone and pumped it repeatedly — an apparent reference to the Patriots' Deflategate scandal.
Coach Adam Gase beat New England for the first time in four tries. His team snapped the Patriots' 14-game road winning streak, second-best ever behind San Francisco's 18 in a row from 1988-90.
Gase threw a lot of wrinkles at the Patriots early, with tight end MarQueis Gray and receivers Landry and Jakeem Grant taking turns lining up in the backfield. Cutler spun out of the grasp of blitzing safety Jordan Richards to throw a completion that kept Miami's first touchdown drive going.
The 5-foot-7 Grant made a leaping catch against Malcolm Butler his first career touchdown reception, a 25-yarder.
Meanwhile, the Patriots sputtered without tight end Rob Gronkowski, who served a one-game suspension for a late hit to the head of an opponent.
BALL HAWK
Brady underthrew an open Brandin Cooks deep, and Howard closed for the interception and a 29-yard return to set up a touchdown. Howard also had two interceptions a week ago against Denver.
Brady came into the game with only four interceptions all season.
SLOW START
The temperature was 55 degrees at kickoff — frosty by Miami standards — and the Patriots were sluggish from the outset. They were outgained 123 yards to 2 in the first quarter, when Brady went 0 for 4 with an interception.
ANTHEM
The Dolphins' Kenny Stills, Michael Thomas and Julius Thomas knelt in protest during the national anthem, as they've done for most of the season. Stills was nominated by his teammates last week for the NFL's Walter Payton Man of the Year Award.
INJURIES
Patriots DT Alan Branch left the game with a knee injury. Starting S Patrick Chung limped off in the final minute.
UP NEXT
The Patriots visit AFC North champion Pittsburgh on Sunday in a possible playoff preview.
The Dolphins play the Bills in two of their final three games, including Sunday at Buffalo.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez
CHICO, Calif. (AP) — At churches, fairgrounds and other makeshift shelters, thousands of Californians packed what belongings they had into garbage bags and suitcases to return home Tuesday, two days after they were told to flee the threat of massive flooding from a dam's damaged spillway. They expressed relief as authorities lifted an evacuation order for nearly 200,000 residents who live below the nation's tallest dam. Some voiced frustration at how authorities handled the disaster that never happened. Most were just happy to be heading home. “You don't appreciate home until it's taken away from you,” said Oroville resident Margaret Johnston, 69, one of hundreds who had sought shelter at the Neighborhood Church of Chico, northwest of her town. Johnston and others huddled around televisions to watch a live broadcast where Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said the risk of the spillway collapsing was significantly reduced. But he said the region would remain under an evacuation warning, meaning residents needed to be ready to flee again if conditions worsen. “It was just frustrating. Very frustrating,” Johnston said about the back-and-forth from officials and the mad rush to get out of Oroville after the evacuation order Sunday. She fled with her two sons, packing a few blankets, pillows and clothes into a black garbage bag. “It feels great to be going home,” Johnston said. State water officials said they had drained enough of the lake behind Oroville Dam so that its earthen emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from an approaching storm. “It's great, all of us can finally go home,” said Pedro Mota of Gridley, who has been staying at a Red Cross shelter at a fairground in Chico with his wife and four young children. He wasn't concerned by the on-again, off-again evacuation. “They're doing their job. They're going to know more than me,” he said by telephone. “I'm just going to listen to them and follow their advice on it.” Mota said he would be prepared if the sirens sound again. “I'm still going to play it by ear, head back home but still have things packed and ready to go just in case they make it mandatory,” he said. Rod Remocal and his wife, Kelly, were taking the same cautious approach. “This time we're going to be on call like they said,” said Remocal, who lives in Biggs, west of Oroville. When the couple left in a rush Sunday night, they grabbed their four dogs, blankets and a few important papers as sirens sounded and a fire truck's loud speaker told them to flee immediately. “We're all coming back and pack and be ready this time,” he said by telephone after leaving the Red Cross shelter earlier in the day. On his drive back, Remocal noticed law enforcement stationed at every major intersection as officers prepared to guide the expected parade of vehicles back home. He said traffic was flowing smoothly, in sharp contrast with the chaotic mass flight of thousands of vehicles two days earlier. He praised the Red Cross and other emergency workers and said he was happy when the evacuation order ended. “It just took a big load off me, man, just the thrill of relief,” he said. — Thompson reported from Sacramento. Associated Press writer Jocelyn Gecker contributed from San Francisco.
Comments
comments
Top 15 NHL stars without a Stanley Cup Alex Ovechkin has played 13 years without winning a Stanley Cup, but that drought could end this spring as the Capitals face the Golden Knights in the Final. Perhaps he can remove his name from this dubious list which was compiled before the start of the 2017-18 season. Here's a list of the top 15 NHL 30-somethings who have yet to win Lord Stanley's chalice.
1 Alex Ovechkin has seven 50-goal seasons on his resume and 1,035 points in 921 career games; but he has never escaped the second round of the playoffs with the Capitals.
2 Jarome Iginla Jarome Iginla is one of only 19 NHL players all time to reach the 600-goal plateau (625). He came within one victory of winning a Cup with the Flames in 2004. He makes this list despite currently being a free agent and not under contract.
3 Henrik Lundqvist currently sits tenth all-time in wins (405) and is the winningest European-born goalie in NHL history. He led the Rangers to the 2014 Stanley Cup Final, a five-game loss to the Kings.
4 Joe Thornton has totaled 1,514 points over 1,608 career games in the regular-season and playoffs. He reached the Stanley Cup Final once, in 2016, but his Sharks lost in six games to the Penguins.
5 Henrik and Daniel Sedin They've been attached their entire lives, so why separate them now? The Sedin twins have combined for more than 2,000 points in their NHL careers as teammates with the Canucks. They came closest to a Cup title in 2011, falling to the Bruins in the seven-game Final.
6 Roberto Luongo has more wins (453) than any active goalie in the NHL, and is one shy of fourth on the all-time list. He led the Canucks to the 2011 Stanley Cup Final, but lost Game Seven to the Bruins.
7 Patrick Marleau scored 502 goals and 1082 points in 19 seasons with the Sharks, but never won a Cup. Perhaps a change of scenery will improve his luck after Marleau signed a three-year deal with the Maple Leafs this summer.
8 Shea Weber has long been considered one of the NHL's best, and most consistent, two-way defensemen, but he has never played past the second round of the playoffs in his 12-year career with the Predators and Canadiens.
9 Ryan Miller has 358 career wins and led the Sabres to consecutive trips to the 2006 and 2007 Eastern Conference Finals, but has never secured a championship in the NHL.
10 Jay Bouwmeester The third overall selection in the 2002 draft, Jay Bouwmeester has had a quietly terrific NHL career, one that has spanned 14 seasons, 1,071 games and three teams without a Stanley Cup.
11 Rick Nash Though he is not as productive as he once was, Rick Nash has scored 416 career goals since being the top overall pick in 2002. The closest he came to the Stanley Cup was 2014 when the Rangers were bested in a five-game Final by the Kings.
12 Zach Parise is a six-time 30-goal scorer, who has 318 goals and 661 points in 830 career games. He and the Devils reached the 2012 Stanley Cup Final, but lost to the Kings.
13 Joe Pavelski, the captain of the Sharks, has similar career numbers to Zach Parise -- 631 points in 806 games -- and is also without a ring, losing in his lone Final appearance in 2016 against the Penguins.
14 Shane Doan has played 21 seasons in the NHL and appeared in 1,540 career games, without ever even appearing in a single Stanley Cup Final. A free agent after spending his entire career with the Jets/Coyotes organization, Doan is considering his next playing options.
Transcript for Netflix on the verge of 100 million subscribers
It's a sect likes Netflix showing just how popular it is it's on the verge of having 100 million subscribers nonsubscribers pay ten bucks a month but as production costs rise cut Netflix raised their price says. The company not saying. Hoover may soon start taking tips at least in New York City this city is moving to require Hoover and other right sharing services to add an tipping option to their apps. Welcome news for the drivers not so much for the cost to annex the rule goes through companies are likely to expand the feature to the rest of the country. And you could call this a first world of world record two men at now have mcinnis Smart bar watching nonstop. Virtual reality so they didn't want to fifty hours of content and both were checked by doctors before and after. To guard against any harmful effects like actually socializing with people like integrate into society they're tech bytes but aggregate.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Transcript for Authorities reveal the murder of Russian war journalist was staged
tonight. A stunning twist, 24 hours after ties claimerussian reporter was gunned down inside his ho that reporter suddenly surised everybody today, appearing before cameras alive and well. He had HD foil the plot. Here's ABC's C foreign correspondent Terry Moran. Reporter: Polsurround crime scene in kiev. Arkady babchenko, a veteran Russian correspondt and crusading anti-putin journalist living in ukrain gunned down, police said. Shot in thick. This sketch of a suspect on the loose. Ukrainian auities blamin Russia. And then, this. Ba babchenko, very much alive. Was all staged, the authorities said, including a ure of babchenko playing dead on thegrou, all partal of an operation tolhat they claim was a real Russian assassinatioattemp look at howis grieving colleagues re as they watched the news live. At the press confer, babchenko apolod for T pain he them, and is wife. "Olechka," he sa"forgive me,please." Aand T released this video, thetakedown, they claim, of theplot's masterm the Kremlin dent all, and many of babchenko's cogues, while glad he's alive, criticizing him for undermining the credy of jours by participating I this policein David?
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
MADRID (AP) — The Latest on the political crisis in Catalonia (all times local):
10:30 a.m.
The speaker of Catalonia's parliament has postponed a session intended to re-elect the Spanish region's fugitive ex-president.
Roger Torrent announced the decision Tuesday, hours before the session he had called to hold a vote authorizing separatist leader Carles Puigdemont to form a government.
The decision comes after Spain's top court had ruled Puigdemont, who faces arrest in Spain, would have to return from Belgium and ask a judge permission to attend the session.
Torrent says he will reconvene the session once Spanish authorities guarantee they "won't interfere" in the election of Puigdemont.
Puigdemont is the focus of an investigation into October's illegal— and unsuccessful— declaration of independence.
___
10:15 a.m.
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is urging the Catalan parliament not to press ahead with the candidacy of fugitive leader Carles Puigdemont for regional president and instead to opt for a lawmaker free of legal proceedings.
Speaking Tuesday on Spanish National Television hours before the parliament is scheduled to hold an investiture vote for Puigdemont, Rajoy said the parliament speaker will face legal consequences if he disobeys a Constitutional Court order saying Puigdemont can only be voted on if he is physically present and has previously obtained court permission.
Puigdemont faces arrest if he returns to Spain.
Rajoy said the "most sensible" thing for the parliament speaker would be to propose a "clean candidate" who is willing to obey the law and work for the return of normality in Catalonia.
Legendary Nebraska head football coach and athletic director, Tom Osborne, sat down with Adam Krueger and Ben Stevens today to discuss many topics across college football.
And of course, Osborne shared some thoughts on the 2017 Huskers and what he believes lies ahead for Nebraska this upcoming season.
"Well, it's still football," Osborne said. "I think that Mike Riley and his staff from what I've been able to gather would prefer a pro style offense."
Osborne also discussed the Husker who will orchestrate NU's offense this season, Tanner Lee. Lee participated in the Manning Passing Academy earlier this summer.
"Archie Manning called me up about a month ago or so," Osborne said. "[Manning] told me [Lee] is a very good thrower."
Check out the full interview with Tom Osborne above.
Brandon Mark Bjerknes, 34, appeared in court with private attorney Peter Wold -- who was Adrian Peterson's attorney in 2014 -- and demanded a speedy trial after entering the plea.
The assistant principal was arrested March 23 and charged March 24 with two counts of engaging in electronic communication relating to or describing sexual conduct with a child. He bailed out of jail after he was arraigned March 24.
A criminal complaint against Bjerknes accuses him of using the name “Brett Larson” on Facebook, Snapchat and email accounts in order to communicate with children. Bjerknes allegedly claimed he was a student at a now-closed Duluth school.
The Beltrami County Sheriff's Office began investigating the “Brett Larson” accounts in January 2017. Facebook provided investigators with an IP address related to the account, which the Sheriff's Office later learned was associated with the address assigned to Bjerknes.
On March 21, after executing a search warrant at the 8300 block of White Oak Street NE, investigators seized and searched a cell phone, on which they found Snapchat conversations under the username BrettLarson6969. Investigators allegedly found sexual conversations with two children aged 13 and 14.
The complaint states that Bjerknes told investigators he knew the victims were younger than 15, and that all of the conversations took place between January and March of 2017.
Bjerknes was placed on paid administrative leave on March 20, the same day Bemidji Area Schools administrators learned of a Sheriff's Department complaint about him.
School district administrators confirmed Monday that Bjerknes was still on paid leave. The school board is set to discuss the allegations against him Monday night in a closed session.
Bjerknes has submitted his resignation to Bemidji Area Schools staff, and requested that he be released from his contract with the district, effective Monday, according to board documents.
Superintendent Jim Hess said Bjerknes has never been referred for discipline and has no formal complaints in his personnel file.
Bjerknes was first hired by the district before the 2005-2006 school year, and was named the middle school's assistant principal in 2014.
In a statement released after Bjerknes' arrest, Bemidji Area Schools said safety was a priority.
“All complaints regarding school district employees are taken seriously and will work with all appropriate agencies to ensure that a comprehensive investigation is completed,” the statement said.
Bjerknes declined to comment following the plea, though his attorney Wold stated that in the United States, Minnesota and Beltrami County everyone is presumed innocent until proven guilty and requested that the Pioneer “start with that.”
A pretrial hearing is tentatively scheduled for May 17.
White House press secretary says Trump asked National Security Adviser to step down because of "erosion of trust".
President Donald Trump asked National Security Adviser Michael Flynn to resign because of an “erosion of trust” and not because Flynn broke any laws, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday.
Spicer told reporters that Trump was told several weeks ago that Flynn was not truthful in disclosing his pre-inauguration conversations with the Russian ambassador, actions which ultimately led to that "erosion of trust".
"The evolving, and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation in a series of other questionable instances is what led the president to ask for General Flynn's resignation," Spicer said, according to NBC News.
"Immediately after the Department of Justice notified the White House Counsel of this situation, the White House counsel briefed the president and a small group of senior advisers," added Spicer, who did not elaborate on what those "other questionable instances" that led to Flynn's dismissal were.
Flynn resigned late Monday evening amid reports that he misled Vice President Mike Pence about his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, which included discussion of U.S. sanctions.
Flynn's departure came on the heels of revelations that the Justice Department had informed the White House that he could be subject to blackmail from Russia.
Asked Tuesday if Trump instructed Flynn to discuss sanctions during the transition, Spicer said "absolutely not."
Spicer made clear that the White House first dispensed with the legal side of the situation, with White House counsel finding that Flynn had not done anything legally wrong in his conversations.
"It was not an issue of law, it was an issue of trust," he stressed.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — New Zealand's Pacific Challenge rugby test with Samoa on Friday will be important viewing for the British and Irish Lions eight days out from their series-opening test.
While the Lions have seen individual All Blacks in action for Super Rugby teams so far on tour, Friday's match will give the tourists the first glimpse of a full All Blacks team and a better sense of the challenge awaiting them in the three-test series.
At the same time, the All Blacks have had a chance to assess the British and Irish squad in four tour matches to date and will gain more detailed knowledge of their opponents when the Lions field a near test-strength lineup against the New Zealand Maori on Saturday.
New Zealand has selected a strong lineup to face Samoa, and Lions coach Warren Gatland believes it provides insight into their selection thinking and the style they will adopt.
"It's close to their test team, I think," Gatland said. "It looks like their strongest side.
"They're trying to get a game under their belts. I'm not sure they'll make many changes from that game against Samoa to the following weeks."
The All Blacks and Lions have something in common in the weekend matches as both will start under new captains. New Zealand captain Kieran Read will miss the Samoa match as he continues his recovery from a broken thumb and fullback Ben Smith will lead the team for the first time.
The Lions have named tour captain Sam Warburton on the bench for the match against the Maori, elevating Ireland flanker Peter O'Mahony to the captaincy. In doing so they have provided the strongest indication yet that Warburton, recovering from an ankle injury, may not be fit for the first test.
The All Blacks and Lions also have in common a strong sense of respect for their opponents this weekend. The Lions lost to the Maori when the teams last met in 2005. The All Blacks were lucky to beat Samoa 25-16 in their most-recent meeting in Samoa in 2015.
Head coach Steve Hansen said the All Blacks were focusing closely on the Samoa match.
"Whilst we asked for this game to help us prepare for the Lions series, once it became a reality it then took on its own importance," he said. "Samoa is about to kick off the qualifying stage of their Rugby World Cup campaign so this will make them even more dangerous."
All Blacks selectors will look closely at the form of scrumhalf Aaron Smith, under pressure from T.J. Perenara, and center Sonny Bill Williams, who could start against the Lions if Ryan Crotty is unfit. Hooker Codie Taylor is in line to start ahead of Dane Coles, who is concussed and will need to reassure the selectors that he is fit.
Samoa will use the match as a springboard into midyear tests, which include World Cup qualifying games during the Pacific Nations Cup.
"The boys know they are playing the best team in the world and they know if they don't get it right it's going to be a long day," Samoa coach and former All Black Alama Ieremia said. "We have to be smart."
Friday's Pacific Challenge is a rarity which will see two test matches played at the same venue on the same day. Before the All Blacks play Samoa, Wales will play Tonga at Eden Park.
Wales will be without regular starters who are touring with the Lions and will use Friday's match to give a new generation of talent some test experience. Tonga welcomes a rare opportunity to play a top tier nation.
Veteran center Jamie Roberts will lead Wales for the first time and said they will have to be at their physical best to hold out Tonga's challenge.
"When you play against the Pacific island teams, if you don't match these guys physically you're in for a long day," Roberts said. "You have to take the game to them.
"They've got threats across the park and certainly they're pretty special athletes."
By Staff on August 28, 2012
WACC's deputy-director of programmes and editor of its journal Media Development, Philip Lee, and WACC's former director of studies, Pradip N. Thomas, have joined forces to publish a collection of essays focusing on mediated public memory and its relationship to the politics of justice.
“This book aims to provide a context in which a clear link can be traced between the politics of memory and its manifold representations and misrepresentations in public media towards a viable politics of justice. The assumption is that public awareness and perceptions of injustice, whether they are political, economic or social, depend on the mass media of communication for recognition and valorisation – including, today, new communication and information technologies such as social media platforms,” say the editors in their Introduction.
Public Memory, Public Media and the Politics of Justice asks how do the construction, representation and distortion of public memory affect the way we treat other people? How is policy-making influenced by the way the media cover contentious issues such as the ongoing but largely ignored conflict between Russia and Chechnya? Or the claims of indigenous people in Peru to know what really happened during the war against the Shining Path, or South Africa's post-apartheid attempts to build a new nation?
Dr Anna Reading (University of Western Sydney, Australia), a specialist in memory studies and one of the contributors to the book, believes that it is vital to focus on the difficult and important question of whether there should be an international human right to memory and what this would mean for the politics of justice. “This is an extremely timely and significant book that tackles a growing area of media and memory studies. The book has an international line up of authors who have provided insightful and original material from around the world.”
The book contains 11 chapters including an introduction titled “Public Media and the Right to Memory: Towards an Encounter with Justice.” Authors focus on the contexts of Peru, Argentina, East Timor, South Africa, Rwanda, the Roma in Europe, Chechnya, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and the Caribbean.
The editors note that the evidence reinforces “the claim that public awareness and understanding of political, economic and social injustice crucially depend on mass mediation in order to give visibility and recognition to those collective memories that underlie the real and symbolic integrity of a community or nation.”
Public Memory, Public Media and the Politics of Justice argues that “those responsible for the content of mass-mediated products and artefacts... have a clear ethical obligation to opt for inclusion rather than exclusion, information rather than misinformation, representation rather than misrepresentation. In short, within the broader framework of communication rights... public communication based on freedom of expression and freedom of information must be exercised in such a way that democratic ideals can flourish to guarantee and protect public memory.”
The book is widely available from booksellers, including the publisher. Public Memory, Public Media and the Politics of Justice, edited by Philip Lee and Pradip N. Thomas. Palgrave Macmillan (2012). ISBN 978-0-230-35406-7.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Intervals of clouds and sunshine. High around 90F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph..
Tonight
Clear skies with a few passing clouds. Low 81F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Two men were expected in court today to face charges in connection to the murder of 15-year-old Bronx teen outside a bodega in the Belmont section last month.
Police arrested 29-year-old Diego Suero and 26-year-old Gabriel Ramirez Concepcion, both of the Bronx, to face multiple charges including murder and gang assault.
Sources tell CBS2 Suero is believed to be the local leader of the violent “Trinitarios” street gang.
There are now 10 people charged in connection to the death of Lesandro “Junior” Guzman-Feliz who was stabbed and hacked to death outside on June 20.
The killing of “Junior” has sparked outrage across the community and law enforcement, including a #JusticeForJunior online campaign.
House Deputy Speaker Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo has proposed to limit the overseeing powers of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) over the Anti Money Laundering Council (AMLC), citing how the council has been used “as a tool of selective justice.”
A statement released by Arroyo's office on Monday made no mention of former President Benigno Aquino III but was apparently alluding to him.
The proposed provision would “insulate the BSP officials from the actuations of AMLC, especially the political ones which may be influenced by the council officials' loyalty to their appointing authority.”
“The BSP should be liberated from the burden of supervising the very rigorous demands of criminal investigation such as those performed by AMLC,” Arroyo said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Arroyo proposed an additional amendment to Section 128 of House Bill No. 731, which seeks to modify the Central Bank Act. Arroyo's proposal seeks to prohibit the BSP “from supervising the operations of the AMLC,” although its governor could still serve as a member of the council.
Arroyo spared BSP Governor and AMLC Chairman Amando Tetangco Jr., whom she appointed when she was president and whom Aquino retained throughout his six-year term.
Arroyo said Tetangco was a “fine career technocrat… who served the BSP itself with distinction.” But career technocrats like him “do not have the temperament and training to supervise criminal investigations such as those conducted by the AMLC.”
She said the AMLC “has been acting much on its own with regard to its investigations, without bothering to get specific clearances from the BSP governor.”
“The AMLC, whose officers were appointed by the previous administration, has demonstrated the potential of being used as a tool of selective justice,” Arroyo said. “In the previous administration, grossly inaccurate information on the alleged bank accounts of then presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte and other perceived opponents of the officers' appointing authority were leaked out.”
“In contrast, information is now being withheld from authorized investigators on the bank accounts of certain persons under investigation, who happen to be identified with the previous authority which appointed them, and to whom they seem to owe their allegiance,” she added.
Arroyo apparently echoed President Duterte's frustration over AMLC. Duterte has accused the AMLC of being an obstacle in his campaign against illegal drugs, which has turned into a bloody war where most of the nearly 6,000 suspected drug users and pushers were indigents.
Duterte also accused the AMLC of “corruption” and threatened to treat the council members like drug addicts.
The Duterte administration has complained that AMLC has not provided the Department of Justice with the financial information on Sen. Leila de Lima, whom the President has accused of running the drug trafficking at the national penitentiary. /ATM
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Notre Dame and Wisconsin will play at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin, in 2020 and Soldier Field in Chicago in 2021.
The schools made a joint announcement on Monday in Chicago. The two-game series marks the first meeting between the Fighting Irish and Badgers since 1964.
Notre Dame athletic director Jack Swarbrick says the games will be part of school's Shamrock Series in which the Irish regularly play at a neutral site and break out alternative uniforms.
"These things are always a Rubik's Cube when you're trying to figure out how to put them together," Swarbrick said. "One piece of it moves, then you've got to go back and try and refigure it. We had to stick with it. In so many regards, it came together exactly as we wanted it."
The first game will be played at the home of the Green Bay Packers, on Oct. 3, 2020. Lambeau Field is named after Curly Lambeau, the former Notre Dame player who went on to found, coach and play for the Green Bay Packers.
The site will shift to the home of the Chicago Bears on Sept. 25, 2021. The Lambeau Field game will count as a Wisconsin home game and the Soldier Field game will be part of Notre Dame's NBC television package.
"We at Wisconsin are honored to have the privilege to play a program with the rich tradition of Notre Dame. It's been a while in the works. It's taken a while to put this together, but I'm very excited about it," said Wisconsin athletic director Barry Alvarez, who was an assistant coach at Notre Dame under Lou Holtz in the late 1980s.
The schools are located a four-hour drive apart, but haven't played since Notre Dame beat Wisconsin 31-7 in what was the first game as Fighting Irish head coach for recently deceased Ara Parseghian.
"There are so many connections here. Especially meaningful for me in this month to have this announcement come shortly after the passing of Ara Parseghian," Swarbrick said.
The teams have met 14 times overall with the Irish leading 8-6.
The Badgers most recently played at Lambeau Field to start the 2016 season and beat LSU 16-14. It was just the second college football game ever played at Lambeau and the first matching Division I teams.
Wisconsin last played at Solider in Field in 2011 against Northern Illinois and won 49-7. Notre Dame has played 12 games at Soldier Field, most recently in 2012 when the Irish routed Miami 41-3 in a Shamrock Series matchup. The Irish are 10-0-2 at Soldier Field.
———
More college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org/
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. Rainfall will be locally heavy at times. High 83F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 5 to 8 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is possible..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
JERUSALEM (AP) — Rabbi Aharon Leib Shteinman, the spiritual leader of Israel's non-Hassidic ultra-Orthodox Jews of European descent, has died. He was 104.
Shteinman died on Tuesday from a heart attack after falling ill weeks ago.
Shteinman was one of Israel's most influential rabbis and a political kingmaker whose orders were strictly followed by his representatives in parliament.
Following the 2012 death of his predecessor, Rabbi Yosef Shalom Elyashiv, he was widely regarded as "Gadol Hador," or "leader of the generation." Hundreds of thousands are expected to attend his funeral in the central Israeli ultra-Orthodox city of Bnei Brak.
Shteinman was known for his rabbinic scholarship, relatively pragmatic rulings and extremely modest lifestyle.
Israeli President Reuven Rivlin called him a leader who "carried on his shoulders the existential weight of the Jewish people."
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
SEATTLE (AP) — A Seattle-area man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation under a policy by President Barack Obama is suing the federal government over his arrest and detention last week.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents arrested 23-year-old Daniel Ramirez Medina on Friday at his father's home. Agents were there to arrest his father and took Ramirez into custody even though he has a work permit under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, court documents said.
ICE spokeswoman Rose Richeson said in a statement that Ramirez told agents he was a gang member and based on those statements and being a "risk to public safety," he was taken into custody.
Mark Rosenbaum, one of Ramirez's lawyers, responded that Ramirez "unequivocally denies being in a gang" and that the statement from Richeson is inaccurate.
"While in custody, he was repeatedly pressured by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to falsely admit affiliation," Rosenbaum said.
Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams told The Associated Press that Ramirez — who was brought to the U.S. from Mexico when he was 7 — has a job, a young son and no criminal record. Ramirez is being held in Tacoma, Washington.
Adams said Ramirez is the first person he knows of with DACA status who has been detained.
"This appears to be a complete one-off," Adams said. "We certainly haven't seen this with our other hundreds of clients who have DACA status as well."
Attorneys for Ramirez argue the arrest violates his constitutional rights to live and work in this country without the fear of arrest and deportation so long as he satisfies DACA requirements.
"Trust in our government depends upon the Executive Branch keeping its word," Rosenbaum, director of Public Counsel's Opportunity Under Law Project, said in a statement. "Bait and switch sullies the integrity of our nation's core values."
Emily Langlie, a spokeswoman for the US attorney's office in Seattle, said Tuesday afternoon it would be premature to comment on the lawsuit. A hearing in the case has been scheduled for Friday in federal court in Seattle.
Recent sweeps by U.S. immigration agents across multiple states have netted some immigrants with no criminal records, a departure from enforcement actions in the last decade. Under the Obama administration, agents focused more narrowly on individuals who posed a security or public safety threat.
President Donald Trump made illegal immigration a cornerstone of his campaign, saying he will build a wall along the Mexican border and deport millions of people, although actual plans have yet to be revealed. He has said he wants to focus on people who have committed crimes.
During an interview with Time magazine late last year, Trump expressed sympathy for the more than 740,000 people in the DACA program, which started in 2012.
"We're going to work something out that's going to make people happy and proud," he told the magazine.
Trump can withdraw the promised protection right away through an "operational memo" because Obama implemented it through one, William Stock, president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, said previously.
Adams said he believes Ramirez was apprehended by mistake.
"I don't think this has to do with any change in policy; I just think it was an enforcement procedure gone wrong," Adams said. "Hopefully they're going to come to their senses."
The winners of this year's international ArtPrize competition are being announced during an event in western Michigan that's known for openness — and increasingly, this year, politics.
In all, $500,000 in cash prizes will be awarded as part of ArtPrize Nine — including $200,000 for the public favorite and $200,000 for a winner picked by an expert jury. An awards event takes place Friday night in Grand Rapids before ArtPrize wraps up on Sunday. The first round of voting narrowed entries down to 20 chosen by the public and 20 by the jury. The second round of voting ran through this week. The work of more than 1,300 artists has been on display since last month at more than 170 venues.
Nine years in, the open, experimental mission remains firm for the show that draws hundreds of thousands of attendees annually. It comes directly from founder Rick DeVos, grandson of multibillionaire Rich DeVos, a co-founder of direct-sales giant Amway Corp., an ArtPrize sponsor, and son of U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos. Her critics say she's hostile to public education and indifferent to civil rights, citing her push for school choice and her decision to end the Obama administration's rules for investigating allegations of on-campus sexual violence. School choice programs include charter schools, which are publicly funded but usually independently operated, and vouchers that help families cover tuition at private schools.
A spokeswoman said Rick DeVos wasn't available to comment. He told The Associated Press in 2011 that organizers "want to make sure everyone knows that ArtPrize can host really any type of expression."
The show has works critical of Betsy DeVos and the Trump administration, including "For-profit Education" by Sarah Ellis, a Grand Rapids high school teacher. She says in an artist's statement that her video and installation-based piece reflects her concern over policies that harm "free and quality education for all." Her video shows a hammer striking plaster casts of the ancient Greek philosopher Plato, who is quoted in the work saying, "Education is teaching our children to desire the right things."
Detroit artist Eric Millikin's "Made of Money" consists of dollar bills cut up and fashioned into portraits of "great people," such as Nikola Tesla, Hedy Lamarr, Joe Louis and Edgar Allan Poe, who "died penniless." Millikin said his work is designed to remind "that our best people aren't always rewarded with wealth, and that our wealthiest people aren't always our best."
Millikin said he has long known about the DeVos family through their wealth and political connections. He recalls in particular Betsy DeVos' husband, Dick DeVos, a former Amway president who unsuccessfully ran for Michigan governor in 2006. The DeVos family's support of ArtPrize kept Millikin away for the first eight years, but he saw the election of Trump and Betsy DeVos' cabinet appointment as a way "to make a statement."
"That made it a better place (to exhibit) because I'm addressing a national figure," he told the AP. "It's equivalent to someone ... speaking up at the town hall."
ArtPrize Exhibitions Director Kevin Buist said political statements — including those against the DeVos family — have been part of the competition since the beginning. In 2009, Anna Campbell exhibited " The Seeding Trilogy," which featured drink coasters with messages calling out efforts by members of the DeVos family to fight same-sex marriage.
Buist said an increase in political pieces — and an increasing spotlight on them — is no surprise, given the current climate.
"Some (artists) are angry and they have a right to be angry," he said. "They're using ArtPrize as a vehicle to express that and to work through really complicated and tricky issues.
"Of course, some of that is going to be directed toward the current administration, and some of our funders," he added. "That's fine. I'd be worried if that weren't happening."
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – Police are still searching for a thief who stole more than $94,000 worth of jewelry from homes in Greenwich Village.
The man is suspected in six burglaries since January 20, police said.
In the first incident back on Jan. 20, the suspect got into an apartment on East 9th Street and University Place and stole $31,000 in jewelry, police said. It happened sometime between 11 a.m. and 3 p.m, police said.
On Feb. 9, between 8 a.m. and 9 a.m., the suspect made off with $1,300 in jewelry from a building on West 10th Street and Greenwich Avenue. In separate incidents nearby, the suspect got away with $9,200 in jewelry and a watch worth $2,000.
Police said in the most recent incident on April 1, he entered an unlocked home near West 11th Street and Fifth Avenue between 1:30 and 3:45 a.m. while the homeowners were asleep inside. He allegedly stole a jewelry box and jewelry worth a total of $50,000 before taking off.
Police described the suspect as a black man, approximately 30 years old, 5 feet 8 to 10 inches tall, 180 pounds, with a tattoo on the back of his right hand with the letters “RIP.” He was last seen wearing a black hooded sweatshirt and black baseball hat.
Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call the NYPD's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 800-577-TIPS or for Spanish 1-888-57-PISTA (74782). The public can also submit tips on the Crime Stoppers Website or by texting them to CRIMES (274637) then entering TIP577. All calls are strictly confidential.
History will be made in Sacramento this week. Toni Atkins will become the first woman and first lesbian to hold the top job in the California state Senate.The San Diego Democrat takes over as Senate president pro tem from Kevin de Leon.Among the big issues she will face as Senate leader is the ongoing fallout from sexual misconduct in the capitol.Atkins says she will go to work on a process to deal with allegations of harassment.
Transcript for Kyle MacLachlan on 'Twin Peaks' reboot: 'I was ready to jump in completely'
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The Niagara River Lions picked up a huge road win Friday night, outlasting the Windsor Express 102-99 in overtime.
The River Lions led 30-25 after one quarter of play and 48-46 at the half, but trailed 73-71 going into the fourth quarter as the game was tied 95-95 at the end of regulation.
Lions head coach Joe Raso was extremely happy with his team's performance.
“This was a huge win for us,” said Raso. "This team's (Windsor) hot."
The Express had won three straight entering the contest including two straight victories over defending champion London.
“The fact that we could have won (the game) in regulation, and didn't, and then to comeback in overtime we showed a little bit of a character. We made some free throws down the stretch. We listened. It was a lot of fun to coach the guys tonight.”
Stats were not available from Windsor but every River Lion saw the floor in the win as the Lions improved to (12-13) on the season in the National Basketball League of Canada Central Division standings.
Windsor fell to (10-12) with the loss.
Raso pointed out a play late that cemented his appreciation of the all around team effort.
“Their (Express) out of bounds play with five seconds left, Sam (Muldrow) reading the play, denying the guy the ball and then Sam making the steal – that was a difference maker tonight.”
Raso was also keen to mention the newcomers to the Niagara line-up, as C.J. Aiken, Ronnie Wilson and Devonta Pollard all contributed to the victory.
“C.J. had a great third quarter for us. The chemistry on the floor was good for us, and all three of them were big for us on both ends of the floor.”
The River Lions travel to London Saturday night to take on the (14-8) Lightning.
“Every game is huge in this league, but this tonight was one win that I'm really proud of them,” Raso added.
Colon and rectal (colorectal cancer) is the second-leading cause of cancer-related deaths in the United States.
Now, the American Cancer Society (ACS) is advising Americans as young as 45 to undergo a colonoscopy screening, down from the previous recommended age of 50.
An estimated 140,000 Americans will be diagnosed with colorectal cancer and about 50,000 will die from it in 2018, according to ACS. The reason for the guideline age change: cases of colorectal cancer for people under age 55 increased 51 percent between the years of 1994 and 2014.
Colorectal cancer has been called a "lifestyle" cancer because smoking, drinking alcohol and eating processed foods increase the risk.
“Earlier screening gives us an opportunity to detect cancer earlier when it is at more curable stage, and provides an opportunity for some degree of prevention,” Dr. George Chang, chief of colorectal surgery at the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Texas, told ABC News.
Colonoscopy screenings are still recommended once every 10 years up until the age of 75, however, “if one experiences changes in bowel habits or blood in the stool, don't blow it off, seek medical care,” Chang said.
Remember, diet and lifestyle changes can be made right away. Early screenings will also hopefully reduce colon and rectal cancer numbers in the years to come.
Chantel Strachan is a second-year internal medicine resident from the University of Connecticut who works in the ABC News Medical Unit.
Transcript for Trump Continues to Question U.S. Intelligence on Russian Hacking
We move now to the latest in the trump transition. Less than three weeks from inauguration, the president-elect is promising to release new information on the election hacking that U.S. Intelligence pins on Russia. Trump continues to question the findings saying he knows things others don't. Mary Bruce is at the White House with the story. Good morning, Mary. Reporter: Good morning, George. After ringing in the new year at his annual Florida bash the president-elect is back home in New York where he's expected to receive a briefing from intelligence officials on the Russian hacking. Trump is still skeptical and this morning that cliffhanger, trump now promising there's more to come. A new year, a new pushback from Donald Trump. I know a lot about hacking and hacking is a very hard thing to prove so it could be somebody else. Reporter: The president-elect still doubting U.S. Intelligence and questioning if Russia interfered in the U.S. Election. I want them to be sure. I think it's unfair if they don't know. Reporter: 17 U.S. Intelligence agencies concluded Russia was behind the hacking, but trump suggests there's more to the story. I also know things that other people don't know, and so they cannot be sure of the situation. What do you know that other people don't know? You'll find out on Tuesday or Wednesday. Reporter: But on this week, the top Democrat on the house intelligence committee told our Jonathan Karl the evidence is iron clad. It's very solid, indeed overwhelming. If he's going to have any credibility as president, he needs to stop talking this way. Reporter: President Obama has already counter punched, closing two lavish Russian diplomatic retreats in the U.S. And evicting dozens of Russian diplomats and their families. Almost 100 people in all. Overnight their plane touching down in Moscow. Trump has said it's time to move on. I think we ought to get on with our lives. Reporter: But now his team is questioning the White House's motivation and asking if the punishment fits the crime. There is a question about whether there's a political retribution here, whether it's -- versus a diplomatic response. Reporter: Even some Republicans say it wasn't tough enough. We will be working for much tougher sanctions against Russia. They attacked the United States of America. Reporter: But trump says there's only one way for sure to protect from cyberattacks. Write it out and have it delivered by courier, the old-fashioned way, because I'll tell you what, no computer is safe. Reporter: And now there are new concerns that the Russians may have also been targeting the American electrical system, a code linked to the Russians was found on a laptop associated with a Vermont utility. But there are no signs that the hackers penetrated the power grid itself. George?
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
GLENDALE, Ariz. -- While NFL commissioner Roger Goodell considers the national anthem a "special moment" and a "point of pride," he wants to respect the rights of players across the league to sit during the anthem as a form of protest.
Goodell voiced his feelings during a question-and-answer session for Arizona Cardinals?season-ticket holders before training camp Monday. A question was posed to Goodell about whether anthem protests this season were "going to be another problem."
On Saturday, Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch sat on a cooler during the national anthem before a preseason game against the Cardinals, and Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett sat for the anthem before his game at the Los Angeles Chargers on Sunday.
"It's one of those things where we have to understand that there are people who have different viewpoints," Goodell said. "It's something that I think everybody wants. The national anthem is a special moment for me. It's a point of pride. That is a really important moment but we also have to understand the other side -- that people do have rights, and we want to respect those."
Goodell said he had a similar discussion during a New York Jets?fan forum a couple weeks ago. A player, whom Goodell did not name, was asked about the ongoing silent protest, Goodell said. The player, according to Goodell, said there was "a time and a place" to engage in protest.
That, Goodell said Monday, is one of the key components for players to recognize.
"That's what we all have to, sort of, understand -- the responsibility of doing it at the right time and in the right way," Goodell said.
"Protest to progress is what I call it. We all have to recognize that people want to see change. Let's go out and try to make that happen in a peaceful and an important way."
Goodell touched on other topics, as well.
ATLANTA (AP) — Former Attorney General Eric Holder will participate in a panel discussion on race.
Holder, the first black U.S. attorney general, served under President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2015. The panel discussion will be held at the Jimmy Carter Presidential Library in Atlanta.
The panel includes authors Michael Eric Dyson and Elizabeth Hinton, Black Lives Matter co-founder DeRay McKesson and Pulitzer Prize winner Douglas Blackmon.
The event co-sponsored by The Miller Center at the University of Virginia and is part of that institution's First Year Project, which is described as a three-year initiative to develop bipartisan insight and recommendations for the first year of the new administration.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- In another challenge match allegedly meant to test the effectiveness of traditional martial arts versus modern mixed martial arts (MMA), gym owner Xu Xiaodong (徐曉冬) on Sunday (March 18) easily pummeled an obscure martial artist who claimed to be a "4th generation descendant of Yip Man," Bruce Lee's master.
At the opening of the 3-minute bout, the alleged "Wing Chun" practitioner, identified as Ding Hao (丁浩), launched a flurry of rapid Wing-Chun-like punches, however Xu simply shrugged them off and quickly hurled Ding to the turf. The referee then separated the two fighters as ground fighting was apparently not allowed this time around.
For the rest of the fight, Xu easily punched and tossed Ding to the ground for a total of six times, each time with the referee leaping in dramatic fashion to protect him. Despite the fact that Ding was dazed, bloodied and confused at the end, the referee bizarrely declared the lopsided affair a "tie."
The match was a sequel to a bout which took place between Xu and an equally obscure "Tai Chi master" (who is a massage therapist by day) in April of last year, during which Xu made even quicker work of the timid "Tai Chi" practitioner and quickly triggered a nationwide backlash by Chinese who felt that he was disrespecting traditional Chinese culture.
Xu's blanket claims that all traditional Chinese martial arts are fake and his gloating over his swift dispatch of the massage therapist angered millions of netizens and countless Chinese martial artists, who rapidly began lining up to challenge him, well before any cash prize was announced.
Such outcomes are to be expected as the fighting applications of many traditional martial arts have been lost since the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) seized power in 1949 and began to systematically eradicate Chinese traditional culture. A large number of martial artists were imprisoned or even executed, a process which was accelerated during the Cultural Revolution.
After eliminating most traditional martial arts, the CCP introduced modernized wushu (武術, martial arts) and simplified tai chi, removing the spiritual and martial aspects of the arts, while adding gymnastic skills to more closely resemble Olympic gymnastic floor routines or acrobat performances.
Contrary to Xu's statements, kung fu practitioners who have kept the fighting tradition alive outside of China have actually excelled in MMA, including notable fighters such as Cung Le (who has already called Xu out), Peter Davis, Pat Barry, and Roy Nelson, all of whom have winning records in the cage. UFC fighter Roy Nelson started his martial arts training with the Lohan School of Shaolin in Las Vegas and still trains in kung fu on a daily basis.
Attempts to interfere in Russia's internal affairs continue, and this process is not going to fade in light of the upcoming presidential election in Russia in March of 2018.
Officials with the Federation Council Commission for the Protection of State Sovereignty concluded during a meeting on Monday that attempts to interfere in Russia's internal affairs were noticeable during the regional elections in September of this year, even though they did not show much influence on the outcome of the elections.
It is worthy of note that the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe came to conclusion that Russia improperly executes the verdict of the European Court of Human Rights on the case of embezzlement at Kirovles Company. The committee left the case under control, and Russian senators found the decision of European officials "an attempt on the Russian electoral sovereignty." According to the Council of the Federation, departments of the Council of Europe may make biased political decisions. Thus, the ECHR and other structures of the Council of Europe are dominated by representatives of the countries that imposed sanctions against Russia.
During the above-mentioned meeting, Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov noted that Russia's Foreign Affairs Ministry did not exclude attempts to finance protest actions in Russia from the structures connected with the authorities of the United States.
"In general, one may assume that as the presidential election in Russia approaches, attempts to show influence on our internal affairs and undermine stability from the inside will intensify. We need to be fully prepared for this," Ryabkov said.
"The Russian Ministry for Foreign Affairs together with other federal executive bodies will closely and carefully monitor the situation and make proposals on effective counteraction to such attempts, to stop the destructive line of interference in Russian internal affairs that will remain one of the main links of the US-led policy towards Russia," he added.
Political scientist Leonid Polyakov said in an interview with Pravda.Ru that the Russian authorities do have a reason to be concerned about such a possibility. "Judging by statements from US President Donald Trump, he is ready to abandon the traditional policy of interference in affairs of other states under the pretext of promoting democracy. It is obvious that Donald Trump says one thing, but the team that works with him and sometimes independent of him often takes steps that come contrary to what the president says," the expert said.
"Judging from the experience of the past elections, we shall assume that such actions can be possible indeed. We could hear Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton calling to support the political opposition in Russia. Therefore, I think, a timely warning will cool a few hotheads in Washington," Leonid Polyakov said.
"In fact, the Americans always decide for themselves what is right and what is wrong. They do not take anyone else's opinion into account. Ryabkov has made a timely statement, especially against the background of the scandal connected with Russia's alleged interference in the US elections. In Russia, no political party is entitled to receive foreign funds from abroad," he added.
Anton Kulikov
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
PARIS (AP) — Kristina Mladenovic, Pauline Parmentier and Amandine Hesse were named in France's Fed Cup team on Wednesday for the first-round match against Belgium.
Seventh-ranked Caroline Garcia and Alize Cornet will not take part in the Feb. 10-11 series, however.
Garcia is France's best-ranked player but still does not want to return to play for the national team as she prioritizes her singles career. She recently reached the fourth round of the Australian Open.
Cornet, ranked 38th, is under investigation by the International Tennis Federation after missing three out-of-competition doping tests in the past year.
The 10th-ranked Mladenovic will play singles along with 31-year-old Parmentier, who is ranked 91st. Clara Burel is a reserve.
Pierre Cherret, the French Tennis Federation's interim technical director, said it is "enormously frustrating" not to have Garcia in the team.
"She does not feel ready to come back into the France team. She's focused on her career, which is what she already told us last year," Cherret said. "Her singles career is her priority. She's asking for time and to be left alone so she can work quietly in her corner."
The best-of-five series will be held at the 5,000-seat Vendespace sports complex in Mouilleron-le-Captif, located in the Vendee region of west-central France.
France, which lost 4-1 to Switzerland in last year's quarterfinals, won the Fed Cup in 1997 and 2003.
Since then, France has lost three times in the final, most recently in 2016 when Garcia was playing.
Netflix
The weeks following the accusations of sexual assault against Aziz Ansari have led to a possibly unforeseen, new wrinkles in the nuances of the #MeToo movement and the Time's Up anti-harassment initiative. Woman champions of the movement have lent their thoughts on the incident, with some defending Ansari, saying it was a “bad date,” to others calling for the end of the comedian's career.
Speaking on radio station KPCC's The Frame, Ansari's Master of None co-star Lena Waithe lent her take on the situation and echoed what the likes of Amy Schumer and CNN's Ashleigh Banfield (who called the incident a “bad date”) have said about the complicated situation: “You have to take each situation [individually]. You can't just say, ‘Well, I'm on this person's team' or ‘I'm on that person's team.' It doesn't work that way,” she said.
Waithe went on to say that the line that is crossed is not well-defined yet and that a strict set of allegiances in the timely cultural movement shouldn't be blindly adhered to: “I'm not on Harvey Weinstein's side, I'm not on Kevin Spacey's side,” she explained.
And Waithe isn't interested in presenting a problem with what has happened without some semblance of a solution. She suggests creating a code of conduct, saying “Those are things that we need” because “how do you know what appropriate behavior is if no one's ever communicated to you what appropriate behavior is? Even though some people may assume, ‘Well, of course, we all know what appropriate behavior is,' but some people may not know.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu has responded to Palestinian Authority Chairman Mahmoud Abbas's attack on United States Ambassador to Israel David Friedman, whom Abu Mazen called "son of a dog and a settler."
Netanyahu said, "Abu Mazen's attack on US Ambassador David Friedman says it all. For the first time in decades, the American administration has stopped pampering the Palestinian leaders and he tells them: That's enough. Apparently the shock from the truth makes them lose their heads."
Last week, the FBI recommended rebooting home and small office routers that could have been infected with disruptive malware, allegedly by sophisticated state-backed Russian hackers . An estimated half million routers and network-attached storage devices have been infected.
But even the FBI acknowledges this step will only "temporarily disrupt" the malware. Here are some questions and answers about the situation:
Q: How can I tell if my router is infected?
A: Short answer: You probably can't. Routers aren't very consumer-friendly, and most people lack the ability to get deep enough inside the device to tell if it's infected.
Q: If my router was infected and I reboot, is it safe?
A: No. Turning an infected router off and on again only removes some of the malware — such as elements that could snoop on your internet activity or even overwrite the basic code on your router, thus "bricking" it (that is, turning it into an inoperable brick). The core infection persists on reboot and there's no simple way to delete it.
The good news is that last week, the FBI seized of the command-and-control server that sends instructions to the infected routers, disrupting the zombie network that could be used to mount a crippling internet-based attack. The bad news is that the persistent malware is in listening mode, awaiting instructions. "So all the cards are still on the table," said Craig Williams of Cisco's Talos cyberthreat intelligence team, which identified the operation it calls VPNFilter.
Q: Why can't I completely remove the malware from my router?
A: For starters, routers are difficult for ordinary users to fiddle with. They have publicly known vulnerabilities that aren't easy for average users to patch and typically aren't equipped with anti-virus software packages or intrusion protection systems. That said, if you can update your router's "firmware" to the latest version — something you can often do via the router's phone app or web interface — you should. It may not fix the problem, but it won't hurt and may help.
Q: Which devices are affected and where can I learn more?
A: Cisco identified these companies as makers of affected devices: Linksys, Mikrotik, Netgear, TP-Link and QNAP. It said most of the infected routers are in Ukraine. You can find more details from Talos and the United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team . The FBI says it has nothing new to report beyond the announcement it put out Friday.
___
Links:
FBI announcement: https://www.ic3.gov/media/2018/180525.aspx
Talos blog: https://blog.talosintelligence.com/2018/05/VPNFilter.html
U.S. CERT release: https://www.us-cert.gov/ncas/alerts/TA18-145A
ISLAMABAD (AP) — The Taliban are assailing President Donald Trump's rejection of peace talks, interpreting his assertion that "there's no talking to the Taliban" as a dictate to the Afghan government.
The English-language statement released Tuesday, says: "The true authority of war and peace is not with the Kabul regime, but with the American invaders."
Trump on Monday railed against "atrocities" in Afghanistan, ruling out talks with the Taliban after earlier indicating negotiations could be a way out of America's longest war.
While saying talks remained an option to peace, the Taliban warned Trump's talks veto would most certainly result in more war and bloodshed.
The Taliban took responsibility for a brutal bombing last week that used an ambulance to evade detection, killing more than 100 people.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) — The Buffalo Sabres have signed Victor Olofsson to a two-year contract after he scored a Swedish Hockey League-leading 27 goals last season.
Olofsson was selected by the Sabres in the seventh round of the 2014 draft. The forward has spent the past three seasons in the SHL, collecting 50 goals and 49 assists in 150 regular-season games. Overall, Olofsson had 60 goals and 117 points in 200 games.
He is coming off a career-best season in which he finished with 43 points in 50 games during his second year with Frolunda HC.
The 22-year-old is listed at 5-foot-11 and 173 pounds.
The Sabres announced the agreement on Tuesday.
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
By Jessica Allen
This weekend you can fall for dance, learn everything there is to know about the Little Red Lighthouse and laugh it up with Jerry Seinfeld and a ton of other funny folks. Here are our picks for the best in eating, drinking and merrymaking in New York.
Fall for Dance
New York City Center
131 West 55th Street
New York, NY 10019
(212) 581-1212
www.nycitycenter.org
There's a lot to love about the annual Fall for Dance festival, starting with the price: for just $15 a ticket, you'll be treated to some of the best choreography this city has to offer. Throughout the festival, dance companies from all genres put on a range of performances, including many works commissioned specifically for this event. We're especially excited about No. 1, created by two hip-hop artists and featuring a principal dancer from the New York City Ballet. Monday, October 2, through Saturday, October 14, see schedule for details, $15, tickets required.
The New Yorker Festival
Various venues
New York, NY
https://festival.newyorker.com
The New Yorker gathers together some of the world's most notable thinkers, artists, musicians, writers, journalists, models, dancers, performers, producers, and filmmakers, and lets us listen in on what these luminaries have to say. A highlight of the season's cultural offerings, the 18th annual festival features such legends as Jerry Seinfeld, John McPhee, Françoise Mouly, Sophia Coppola, Ai Wei Wei, and Tracee Ellis Ross. It's an absolute must-do! Friday, October 6, through Sunday, October 8, see schedule for details, tickets required.
Little Red Lighthouse Festival
Fort Washington Park
Hudson River Greenway
New York, NY 10032
311
riversideparknyc.org
Decommissioned in 1948, Manhattan's only remaining lighthouse lives on in the hearts and minds of those who've read, and cherished, the famous children's book (about how the Little Red Lighthouse discovers its value and abilities). Come celebrate the lighthouse at its annual festival, where urban park rangers will be on hand to offer guided tours and anglers will be hosting fishing clinics. There will also be numerous readings of The Little Red Lighthouse and the Great Gray Bridge throughout the event. Saturday, October 7, 12 to 4 pm, free.
Diwali at Times Square
New York, NY 10036
(212) 216-9305
diwalitimessquare.com
Diwali is the Hindu festival of lights, a massive celebration of all that is bright and colorful and lovely. It's a very joyful time, an opportunity to spread love to your family, to your friends, and beyond. From vendors selling Indian snacks and other goodies to cultural performances to a shopping bazaar with jewelry and crafts, Diwali at Times Square gives everyone the opportunity to join in the fun. Of special note are the free concerts, featuring Bollywood stars like Aamir and Sanjeeda straight from the screen. It's the largest Diwai celebration outside of India. Saturday, October 7, 2 to 9 pm, free.
Elsie Fest
Central Park
Fifth Avenue at 69th St.
New York, NY 10021
www.elsiefest.com
Summer may be a thing of the past, but the city's SummerStage is still going strong. At Elsie Fest on Sunday you can catch Lea Michele, Darren Criss, Alan Cummings, and other notables of the stage and screen performing their favorite pop or show tunes. It's the musical lover's music festival, for sure. A portion of the proceeds will be donated to Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS. Great cause, great music, great fun. Sunday, October 8, 6 to 10 pm, $59.99, tickets required.
A business case is the first step in gaining approval for a project. Regardless of how small a project may seem, it is important to take the time to consider why the project is worthy of time and finding resources.. This may seem like an unnecessary and time-consuming step, but it can increase the chances of getting a project approved.
What is a business case?
In short, a business case is a comprehensive document created by the initiator of a project that details and justifies the business need for the project and why it should go ahead. The business case is reviewed by key decision makers who will determine if a project will be approved and allowed to proceed or denied. The following is a list of everything a business case should include.
SEE: Quick glossary: Project management (Tech Pro Research)
An executive summary
This is a brief high-level description and summary of what is in the business plan. It makes it easy for executives and other key decision-makers to quickly understand what to expect in the document and is used to capture their interest.
A statement of the problem or opportunity
This section of the business case helps decision makers understand what the opportunity or issue is and why they should be interested in reading further about the proposed project. Projects are typically initiated to:
Resolve a business problem
Take advantage of an opportunity
Deliver a product or service based on the request of a customer
Address a legal, legislative, tax, security, or other type of governance requirement.
An analysis of the problem or opportunity
In this section, you should present your analysis of why the problem exists or how an opportunity came about. It should also identify any risks to the business or department if the project does not go ahead. Make sure to include facts as well as support for those facts that affirm the need behind the project proposal.
A list of possible solutions
The business case should identify the potential solutions. These should be clear and realistic. In this section, include not only the solution(s) but also information that describes how and why these are considered solutions.
An analysis of costs vs. benefits
To make an informed decision, executives need to know all-in costs as well as the benefits of a project to the business. They will also want to know the tangible and intangible costs to the organization if the project does not proceed. As with the problem and opportunity analysis section, make sure to include facts that support any claims or assumptions.
SEE: IT project cost/benefit calculator (Tech Pro Research)
Recommendations
This is the section where you provide your recommendation regarding the solution you are proposing and why. Support your recommendation with facts and figures whenever possible. Also explain why this solution is better than other possibilities.
The project proposal
The project proposal section outlines key information about the actual project such as the scope, the timeline, the costs, and resources required to successfully execute the project.
Business cases can differ in length and composition depending on the size, nature, or complexity of a project or organization. The key is to ensure that you have factored in at least these five things:
Why a project is needed. What prompted the need for the project. What resources and funding are required. How the project will be implemented. What the final impact or benefit is to the organization.
Once the business case is approved, the information from it will be transferred to another key project management document called the project charter where it will be expanded upon further.
For more project management and leadership advice, subscribe to our Executive Briefing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see:
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — The Weinstein Co. has filed for bankruptcy protection with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm, the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual abuse scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein.
The company also announced on Monday that it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from any non-disclosure agreement that would prevent them from speaking out.
In a statement, the company says it “expressly releases any confidentiality provision” to the extent that it has prevented anyone who “suffered or witnessed any form of sexual misconduct by Harvey Weinstein from telling their stories.”
The Weinstein Co. says it has entered into sale agreement with Lantern Capital Partners, subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware.
In a statement released Monday night, Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said, in part: “This is a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace.”
“The Weinstein Company's agreement to release victims of and witnesses to sexual misconduct from non-disclosure agreements — which my office has sought throughout this investigation and litigation — will finally enable voices that have for too long been muzzled to be heard,” Schneiderman continued.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
EMBED >More News Videos A woman takes the oath of naturalization at a citizenship ceremony in San Jose, California on January 25, 2018.
EMBED >More News Videos Cameras were rolling when Congressman Jeff Denham rang the bell at a shelter for immigrant children in Pleasant Hill. Nobody opened the door, but someone from the facility let Rep. Denham know he would not be able to go inside.
San Francisco's Occupy ICE encampment has doubled since Tuesday as protesters have now taken over the sidewalk and one lane of Washington Street. The San Francisco Police Department has officers at the end of the block, but there's been no interaction just observation.Dozens camped in front of the U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement building in the city's Financial District. They've blocked entrances on both Washington and Jackson streets.Instead of celebrating the Fourth of July in the traditional sense, they're holding a "Block ICE" block party. Organizers call it a celebration of resistance.Protesters have encamped at ICE buildings across the country, following a weekend of marches in reaction to the administration's family separation policy.San Francisco's encampment started Monday with a rally held Tuesday afternoon."We are united under the banner of the destruction of ICE, wholesale, and the humane treatment of people who are trying to come into this country whether or not they have documentation or not," said Zoe Samudzi at Tuesday's rally.The protest has not interrupted or changed court operations so far, according to a court spokesman.He says many of the people appearing don't physically come to the courthouse."They appear via video link between our court and that detention center, so protesters outside aren't going to keep them from getting to the courtroom," said Ken Gardner, Public Information Officer (Western States) for the Executive Office for Immigration Review.Federal offices are closed for the Fourth of July holiday.President Donald Trump had this to say about ICE on Tuesday, "We're not abandoning ICE and we're not abandoning our law enforcement."The Block ICE block party begins at 12 p.m. Organizers are asking for supplies and for supporters to join them.
About 250 people evacuated from adjacent Renaissance Square Apartments. They are at a nearby park. Firefighters expect many will be allowed to return in a couple of hours. pic.twitter.com/bgYWQWov4I — Matt Keller (@MattKellerABC7) April 24, 2018
Firefighters say fire is under control at under construction apartment complex on Concord Blvd. and Galindo St. in Concord. 2 people taken to hospital for smoke inhalation. pic.twitter.com/YZtm23tvuY — Matt Keller (@MattKellerABC7) April 24, 2018
A massive fire destroyed a huge apartment complex under construction in Concord. Two people are injured and hundreds of people living next door have been evacuated. The investigation into the cause is under way.A lot of work still needs to be done to stabilize the structure. Because of that, fire investigators and a team from the ATF will have to wait a day or two before going in to begin their search for the cause of this fire.There were two injuries from smoke inhalation. A health advisory for the smoke has been lifted.The fire consumed practically an entire block of Clayton Road and Galindo Street. Little remains of the complex under construction.The flames at the under construction apartment complex in Concord were huge. Firefighters got the call just before 1 a.m. They worked defensively, aiming water from above on to the 260,000 square foot structure.The 3-alarm fire threatened the adjacent Renaissance Square apartments on Concord Boulevard at Galindo Street. About 250 residents were immediately evacuated from the building around 1 a.m.A couple dozen of them ended up at Vinnie's Bar and Grill after an early morning invitation."If you all need to get out of the cold and away from this flying debris then come over there and you've got some shelter," said Tarric Jones, evacuee.The Red Cross eventually opened up a shelter of its own at the First Presbyterian Church in Downtown Concord offering up food and cots.It took firefighters several hours to get the flames under control but they kept them from spreading to any nearby buildings. The damage is estimated at $55 million.Contra Costa County Fire Marshal Robert Marshall just returned from the International Code Council meeting in Ohio where fires like this one was a big topic."A lot of people think it's a problem in the Bay Area because we had the fires in Oakland and San Francisco and now here but really it is a national problem," said Marshall.The East Bay has seen similar fires over the past two years; two in Emeryville and one in Oakland. Marshall says changes to building requirements are on the table, including when fire supression and fire walls are put in during construction."Kind of look at all those things and figure out where the balance is, providing the highest level of safety but also not requiring too much that makes them so the cost of construction goes way, way up," said Marshall.There is no timeline for getting residents back in to the Renaissance Square Apartments next door. The big issue is the scaffolding leaning on the side of the building; firefighters will work on getting that stabilized.
Loading....
Israel Police stationed in Jerusalem noticed a car zigzagging quickly and dangerously on a road in the city's south, only to discover the driver was asleep.
After noticing the quick and dangerous zigzagging, Israel Police approached the vehicle, stopping near a car which had stopped at a red light. When they saw the driver, they discovered she was asleep behind the wheel.
When the traffic light turned green and the car behind her honked, the driver woke up and continued her trip. Immediately afterwards, she began switching lanes, and nearly crashed into parked cars, at which point the police ordered her to stop at the side of the road.
The officers offered the driver a bottle of water to drink, and asked her to get out of the car and wake up a bit.
When asked about the incident, the driver said she was on her way to work and was tired. Israel Police did not allow her to continue driving, and waited at the spot with her for half an hour.
As she became more alert, they explained the dangers of driving while exhausted and gave her a fine for irresponsible driving.
An Israel Police spokesman said, "Anyone who gets behind the wheel must ensure he is able to drive in an alert fashion and without endangering his own life or the lives of others. At the end of the day, we all want to return home safe and sound."
372 people were killed in accidents on Israel's roads in 2016, marking the third year in a row which saw a rise in the number of road accident victims.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Intervals of clouds and sunshine. High around 90F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph..
Tonight
Clear skies with a few passing clouds. Low 81F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph.
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals?drafted the son of manager Dusty Baker and the cousin of Redskins quarterbacks Kirk Cousins?on Wednesday.
The Nationals announced they had selected Darren Baker in the 27th round of the MLB draft. An 18-year old shortstop out of Jesuit High School in Sacramento, California, Baker is already committed to play collegiately at Cal and is not expected to sign with the Nationals.
The younger Baker first hit the national radar during the 2002 World Series. Acting as bat boy for his father's Giants team, the then-3-year-old Darren was infamously swept away from home plate by San Francisco first baseman J.T. Snow on a scoring play in Game 5.
Darren is currently in Washington D.C. with his father and the first-place Nationals. He was selected one round later than his dad, who was taken exactly 50 years ago in the 26th round of the 1967 draft by the Atlanta Braves.
Meanwhile, Cousins was thrilled with the prospect of his cousin joining him in D.C.
Jake Cousins, a 23-year old right-handed pitcher out of the University of Pennsylvania, went 7-2 with a 3.15 ERA as a senior for the Quakers. The unanimous first-team All-Ivy selection, who is 6-foot-4, was taken by the Nationals in the 20th round.
One Houston high school that was heavily damaged from Hurricane Harvey reopened today for the first time since the storm struck last August.
Interested in Hurricane Harvey? Add Hurricane Harvey as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Hurricane Harvey news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
"There's been a lot of smiles this morning," Kingwood High School superintendent Elizabeth Fagen told ABC News. "Students were yelling, 'We're so excited!'"
The Kingwood, Texas, school, located about 30 miles north of Houston, was closed for over six months after flooding from the hurricane damaged the split-level building.
The storm caused "millions of dollars in damage," a spokesperson for the school district told ABC News.
Brett Coomer/Houston Chronicle via AP
All 2,782 Kingwood students were sent to another school in the district as repairs were taking place.
"All the ceramic tile was removed down to the concrete slab," Fagen said of the flooring, and the walls and doors on the first and second floors had to be replaced.
The renovations included security enhancements and a brand-new gym, theater, and pool, which is still under construction.
Juan Lozano/AP, FILE
Next weekend the high school is hosting an open house for the community to come and see the renovations.
"We have people in our community still working through it, but I couldn't be prouder of the way people here have handled the situation," Fagen said.
As part of the crew digging a subway extension under the streets of Los Angeles, Ashley Leger always keeps her safety gear close by.
When her phone buzzes, she quickly dons a neon vest, hard hat and goggles before climbing deep down into a massive construction site beneath a boulevard east of downtown.
Earth-movers are diverted, and Leger gets on her hands and knees and gently brushes the dirt from a spot pointed out by a member of her team. Her heart beats faster because there's a chance she'll uncover what she calls "the big find."
Leger is a paleontologist who digs for fossils in the middle of a city rather than an open plain or desert. She works for a company contracted by Los Angeles transportation officials to keep paleontologists on hand as workers extend a subway line to the city's west side.
"They're making sure that they're recovering every single fossil that could possibly show up," Leger said of her team of monitors. "They call me anytime things are large and we need to lead an excavation."
Since work on the extension began in 2014, fossilized remains have routinely turned up from creatures that roamed the grasslands and forests that covered the region during the last Ice Age, about 10,000 years ago.
They include a partial rabbit jaw, mastodon tooth, camel foreleg, bison vertebrae, and a tooth and ankle bone from a horse.
But the discovery that still makes Leger shake her head in disbelief came about a year ago, shortly after construction began on the project's second phase. She was at home getting ready for bed when a call came in from one of her monitors.
"It looks big," he told her.
The next morning, Leger knelt at the site and recognized what appeared to be a partial elephant skull.
It turned out to be much more. After 15 hours of painstaking excavation, the team uncovered an intact skull of a juvenile mammoth.
"It's an absolute dream come true for me," said Leger, who spent the previous decade at a South Dakota mammoth site with no discoveries even close to the size of the one in Los Angeles. "It's the one fossil you always want to find in your career."
California's stringent environmental laws require scientists to be on hand at certain construction sites.
Paleontologists have staffed all L.A. subway digs beginning in the 1990s, when work started on the city's inaugural line, said Dave Sotero, spokesman for the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
Paying for the paleontologist staff from Cogstone Resource Management is factored into the project's cost, he said. When scientists are brought in to see what crews might have unearthed, work on the project continues, albeit in a different location.
"Our crews try to be as mindful as possible to help them do their jobs. We get out of their way," Sotero said, adding that when the mammoth skull was uncovered, construction workers helped deliver it to the mouth of the site.
From there, the skull was hauled a mile or so to Los Angeles' La Brea Tar Pits and Museum, home to one of America's most fossil-rich sites.
Assistant curator Dr. Emily Lindsey called it a "pretty remarkable find," noting that while thousands of dire wolf and saber-toothed cat remains have been uncovered in L.A., there have been only about 30 mammoths.
A few hundred pounds and the size of an easy chair, the skull is especially rare because both tusks were attached. It's being studied and is available for public viewing inside the museum's glass-walled Fossil Lab.
With a nod to Hollywood, the 8- to 12-year-old Colombian mammoth was named Hayden, for the actress Hayden Panettiere, featured in the TV series "Nashville" and "Heroes."
The Cogstone monitor at the construction site had been watching her on television before spotting the speck of bone that turned out to be the intact skull.
Similar endeavors have turned up subterranean treasures during digs in other cities.
Workers at a San Diego construction site found fossils including parts of a mammoth and a gray whale and multiple layers of ancient seashells.
Last year, crews working on a development near Boston's seaport uncovered a 50-foot (15-meter) wooden boat possibly dating as far back as the late 18th century.
Lindsey praised California's efforts to ensure science and urban development overlap, while bemoaning what bygone treasures may have been lost before the regulations went into place in the early 1970s.
"Most of the past is below the ground, so you're only going to find it when you dig," she said. "As the city grows, I'm sure we'll find more exciting fossil material."
———
Follow Christopher Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
NEW YORK (AP) -- Police say a man has been shot in the ankle near the Barclays Center in New York City after an argument.
Police say the shooting happened around 2:30 p.m. Wednesday outside a shopping center across the street from the Brooklyn arena, where the NBA's Brooklyn Nets and the NHL's New York Islanders play and the site of concerts and other events.
Police were searching for two men involved in the altercation. No one else was injured.
The victim was taken to a nearby hospital in stable condition.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A bipartisan immigration deal between President Donald Trump and Congress is nowhere in sight.
Democrats are disparaging Trump's State of the Union remarks as racially divisive, boosting partisan distrust. Trump's offer of "a down-the-middle compromise" stands no chance of passing the Republican-led Congress, with even GOP lawmakers demanding changes.
It's unclear whether the two parties can reach an election-year pact protecting hundreds of thousands of young immigrants from deportation and sharpening border security.
Even the timetable for resolving the dispute is slipping. There are only faint hopes that an agreement can be reached by Feb. 8, when a potential government shutdown would occur unless lawmakers approve spending legislation.
No. 2 House Democratic leader Steny Hoyer says, "If the deadline is Feb. 8, we're not going to make it."
NEW YORK (AP) — Jaroslav Halak made 31 saves after getting a vote of confidence from his coach, and the New York Islanders beat the Washington Capitals 3-1 on Monday night to snap a five-game winless streak.
Brock Nelson, Andrew Ladd and John Tavares scored goals for the Islanders, who built a 3-0 lead early in the second period and ended Washington's four-game winning streak.
It was the second time this season that Halak held an opponent to a single goal and the third time New York has allowed one goal as a team. Halak's strong performance came after coach Doug Weight sternly defended his goaltenders following the team's skate Monday morning. New York was 0-3-2 over its last five games.
Braden Holtby made nine saves for the Capitals before being pulled after the Islanders scored their third goal 1:34 into the second period. Philipp Grubauer made 17 saves in relief, and Dmitry Orlov scored Washington's only goal.
Nelson scored his ninth goal of the season 2:36 into the first period. Jason Chimera passed to Cal Clutterbuck to set up the initial shot, and Nelson picked up the rebound and banked the puck off the inside of Holtby's pad.
The Islanders appeared to score again when Anders Lee pushed the puck over the goal line, but officials waved off the goal, and a challenge by Weight was unsuccessful.
New York went ahead 2-0 36 seconds into the second period when Calvin de Haan slid the puck toward center ice and Ladd tapped it in.
Tavares scored 58 seconds later, taking advantage when Holtby got out of position.
Orlov scored with 11:37 left in the game. He capitalized on a 2-on-1 rush and fired a one-timer past Halak.
NOTES: Capitals RW T.J. Oshie missed his third consecutive game with an upper-body injury. Oshie skated at the Capitals' practice facility in Arlington, Virginia, on Monday for the second straight day. … Islanders D Johnny Boychuk sat out his third straight game with an undisclosed injury. Boychuk participated in the team's morning skate and was labeled a game-time decision. … Forwards Alan Quine and Shane Prince were scratches for the Islanders. … D Taylor Chorney was a healthy scratch for the Capitals.
UP NEXT
The Capitals host the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday night.
The Islanders stay home to play the Dallas Stars on Wednesday night.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
HOUSTON (AP) — Heavy rains that flooded some Houston streets on July Fourth are expected to subside.
National Weather Service meteorologist Patrick Blood says the rains should subside by mid-afternoon. Blood says the city saw heavy rainfall early Wednesday morning that led to 1 to 2 feet (0.3 to 0.6 meters) of water collecting on some roadways, mostly in west Houston.
Blood says there has been one report of a high-water rescue and that officials are asking people to stay home and off the flooded roads.
Blood says the flooding is typical for Houston and will not at all resemble the devastating floods caused last year by Hurricane Harvey. If the rain continues trending the way it has been, the impact should be minor.
Transcript for 'GMA' Hot List: Chris Rock says Adam Sandler is the 'funniest guy I know'
Here's his 62 hot lips from GMA today slip is like to be working together so much again but I would just guy who put this guy no hard at work right now. Early next to Michael Strahan you. Thank you go out there you. Michael Long status in garbage men like him some rest and. I'm letting job my. Please hear this. Happily married what at the secret. What it is secret. I'm always right in he's always wrong. I think it's hard for him in some ways says I'm a luxury model and I'm all about you know. We sexy and he's very Smart sometimes and I think humor I think we have. We are hot for each other I think that help you read about bad. This is not news at 8:30 in the morning I'll. And that's the GMA hot list from today we'll see where the morning on GMA.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
A $25 million pledge to fight the food industry's influence on public health is coming from a surprising source — the CEO of a snack bar maker.
Kind founder Daniel Lubetzky says he's pledging his own money to create a group called "Feed the Truth" dedicated to revealing corporate influence in the nutrition field, with activities like education campaigns and investigative journalism.
The move underscores the division between older "Big Food" companies and newer businesses that market themselves as wholesome alternatives aligned with health advocates. Kind, known for its fruit and nut bars, touts its use of "real" ingredients and has proven deft at mixing marketing with nutrition issues.
A public health and ethics expert not involved with the group says much depends on how it is set up, and that one tactic to neutralize potential critics is to engage them.
Three high-profile health and nutrition experts have been enlisted to name Feed the Truth's board, which will hire an executive director. Lubetzky said he and Kind will have no involvement, and the group will be free to scrutinize the company. "We don't have any skeletons in our closet," he said.
Since Kind was launched in 2004, the company's annual revenue has grown to $673.4 million, according to market researcher Euromonitor.
The company was in the spotlight after the Food and Drug Administration warned that it was inappropriately using the term "healthy" on packaging. Kind launched a petition asking the FDA to update its guidelines, saying the fat in almonds and avocados shouldn't count against it, and declared victory when the agency said last year it was re-evaluating.
Lubetzky cited that experience and recent reporting by The Associated Press and The New York Times revealing the food industry's influence on nutrition science for his decision to create Feed the Truth. Kind said he will sign a letter of intent to donate $2.5 million a year for the next 10 years.
The irony of such a group being established by a snack bar CEO is not lost on Marion Nestle, a professor of food studies at New York University who is helping nominate the board. She said she usually keeps industry at arm's length, but found Lubetzky "very persuasive" and felt Feed the Truth could raise awareness about corporate influence in nutrition research.
Deb Eschmeyer, a senior policy adviser on nutrition under the Obama administration, said the project reflects the new ways companies and executives are engaging with the public. Michael Jacobson, executive director of the advocacy group Center for Science in the Public Interest, said the money being pledged in advance should help give the group independence.
Kind said the three advisers are not being paid, though it covered Nestle's travel costs for a meeting. The company said it would not be involved once the board is established.
Leigh Turner, a professor at the University of Minnesota's School of Public Health, said that whether the group remains free from Lubetzky and Kind's influence remains to be seen. He noted that engaging critics is one way for companies to neutralize them, and that the group could be a boon to Kind's image.
"This is a business that wants to present itself as a healthy alternative to candy bars," Turner said.
As an example of how Kind presents itself, the company launched a "Nutrition Collective" for dietitians last year, which it said was for discussion of major public health issues. A signup page said members would not be paid, but being involved included letting people how "Kind can be a part of their new lifestyle."
Although Feed the Truth may boost Kind's image, Lubetzky said that wasn't the goal.
"I would hope that people say, OK, these guys are doing the right thing for society, I'm going to be more loyal to the brand," Lubetzky said.
————
Follow Candice Choi at www.twitter.com/candicechoi
ROME (AP) — Italy's president, who is holding and playing a key card in the nation's fast-evolving political crisis, was a timid law professor abruptly thrust into public life when the Mafia gunned down his brother on a Sicilian street in 1980.
In the decades since, Sergio Mattarella has developed a reputation as a principled politician who has transformed what was viewed as a mainly ceremonial office into the dynamic role of defender of Italy's place in Europe.
Mattarella, 76, a former parliamentary law professor and Constitutional Court jurist, came under verbal attack this week from his country's populist politicians — and citizens who want them to take power. They allege the president is thwarting the will of the people as expressed at the ballot box on March 4.
Earlier this week, Luigi Di Maio, who leads Parliament's largest party, the euro-skeptic 5-Star Movement, raised the specter of impeaching Mattarella. The threat came after the president refused to submit to populist demands to appoint, as economy minister, an advocate of a backup plan for Italy's exit from the euro currency.
Mattarella stood his ground, as did Di Maio and fellow populist Matteo Salvini, who demanded the euroskeptic economy minister be part of what would have been the nation's first populist government. As head of state, the president has constitutional authority to name the premier and approve new ministers.
His refusal to bow to pressure reflects his character and courage of convictions, those who have followed Mattarella's career say.
Mattarella is someone "with strong, deep values," said Sergio Fabbrini, director of the school of government at Rome's private LUISS university. "His family was a bourgeois family that stood up to the Mafia and refused to compromise" with the powerful organization based in Sicily.
In his native Palermo, Mattarella and his family were ready for Epiphany Day Mass in 1980, when his older brother, Piersanti, then governor of Sicily, was assassinated in his car on one of the city's most elegant streets. Sergio Mattarella rushed to the car, cradling his brother, still breathing, in his arms.
Until that moment, the future president "had been a shy law professor," said Paolo Pagliaro, an Italian journalist. "That day signaled the start of the public life of Sergio Mattarella."
Three years later, Mattarella entered Parliament. In some ways, he seemed the classic Christian Democrat, stressing moderation and compromise. His politics tilted toward the center-left.
But as he climbed the political ladder, Mattarella also left no doubt that on some matters, there could be no compromise.
In 1990, he quit his post as education minister to protest a law that helped to pave the way for Silvio Berlusconi to assemble a media empire, including all three of Italy's main private TV networks.
That decade saw the main political parties, including the Christian Democrats, swept from power by the Clean Hands corruption probes.
"All the public institutions were shaken. The only institution that guaranteed the state was the president of the Republic," Fabbrini said in a telephone interview.
The head of state is elected by Parliament and serves a seven-year term.
The new prestige translated into a growing role for Italy's head of state, which developed into "a sort of guarantor of internal equilibrium and the reference point for European politics," he said.
Thus, Mattarella, who was serving as a Constitutional Court judge before being elected president in 2015, not only defends the 1948 Constitution, but European constitution as well, said Fabbrini.
Mattarella's willingness to accommodate different viewpoints — but also to draw lines he won't cross — ultimately played out in the current political crisis.
In rebuffing the populists' demands, Mattarella evoked a sense of justice, describing how the markets' turmoil was eroding Italians savings and driving up business loan costs.
The populist narrative, Fabbrini said, depicts institutions like the presidency as "the bastion of the elite" and the "enemy of the people."
In a critical moment, Mattarella crafted an alternative narrative.
___
Frances D'Emilio is on Twitter at www.twitter.com/fdemilio
After more than a week of partisan bickering and social media-fueled buildup, the #releasethememo crowd got their wish.
President Donald Trump declassified it. The GOP majority of the House intelligence committee released it. And the public dissection of the four-page, GOP-authored document began.
Here are a few key takeaways:
———
WHAT'S THE GIST?
The memo makes a series of allegations of misconduct on the part of the FBI and the Justice Department in obtaining a warrant under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, to monitor former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page.
Specifically, it takes aim at the FBI's use of information from a former British spy, Christopher Steele, who compiled a collection of memos containing several allegations of ties between Trump, his associates and Russia.
The memo says the FBI and the Justice Department didn't tell the FISA court enough about Steele's role in an opposition research effort. The research was funded by Democrat Hillary Clinton through a Washington law firm.
The document also takes aim at several senior FBI and Justice Department officials. Among them is former Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr, who it says knew of Steele's anti-Trump leanings and whose wife worked at the firm behind the opposition research effort.
———
WHAT'S NEW?
The memo provides the first formal government confirmation of the secret FISA warrant and that Page was the person being monitored.
Information like that is ordinarily considered among the most tightly held national security information, and it almost never gets released to the public.
Though the memo takes issue with the FBI's methods, it also confirms that the FBI and Justice Department believed there was probable cause that Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power and a judge agreed — four times over.
The memo fills in the timeline of the Russia investigation, showing that Page was under surveillance for months.
According to the memo, the Justice Department and FBI obtained the FISA warrant on Page on Oct. 21, 2016, and then had it reauthorized three additional times.
Given that FISA warrants must be renewed every 90 days, the memo indicates that the government monitored Page's communications for nearly a year.
———
IT STARTED WITH PAPADOPOULOS
The whole Russia investigation, that is.
According to the memo, information about former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos "triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016."
That's significant because Trump and his allies in the GOP have tried to undermine the Russia investigation by saying it all stems from the Steele dossier.
The memo doesn't provide further details about the information the FBI received about Papadopoulos. But it appears to confirm in part reporting by The New York Times late last year that FBI concerns about Papadopoulos started the investigation.
Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI last year. Court papers show he had several contacts with people representing themselves as being tied to the Russian government starting in the spring of 2016.
Court papers show that Papadopoulos learned the Russians had "dirt" on Hillary Clinton in the form of "thousands of emails" prior to that information becoming public.
———
THE FBI DID USE INFORMATION FROM STEELE, THOUGH
The memo says Steele's collection of reports "formed an essential part" of the FISA application for Page, but it doesn't specify exactly what information was used or how much.
It also says that the FISA application relied on a September 2016 Yahoo News article, and claims that the information in the article also came from Steele.
The document quotes former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe as telling the House intelligence committee in December that "no surveillance warrant would have been sought" from the FISA court "without the Steele dossier information."
According to the memo, the application also included "Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters."
———
NO UNDERLYING INFORMATION RELEASED
The accuracy of the memo is hard to assess because the majority of the underlying contents are classified or confidential.
The memo cites an initial FISA warrant application — a document which usually has dozens of pages — as well as three additional renewals by the court. None of those documents are public.
The same is true of the transcripts of the committee's closed-door interviews with McCabe and other senior FBI officials who had contact with Steele.
On Friday, the committee's ranking Democrat, Rep. Adam Schiff of California, took issue with the memo's characterization of McCabe's comments, saying the former FBI deputy director was speaking generally about how any FISA application relies on "each and every component" included.
But the committee's chairman, Rep. Devin Nunes of California, said late Friday on Fox News the description of McCabe's comments is "a summation of a long interview and that's definitely what he said." He noted that other witnesses have said "similar things."
———
'MINIMALLY CORROBORATED'
It's been a burning question ever since the dossier was published by Buzzfeed News last year: How much did the FBI corroborate?
According to the memo, not much at the time the FBI obtained the FISA warrant on Page. The memo cites FBI Assistant Director Bill Priestap as saying FBI corroboration of the dossier was in its "infancy" when the court authorized the first FISA warrant.
It also says an "independent unit" in the FBI conducted a "source validation report" on Steele's reporting and found it "only minimally corroborated."
But without the underlying documents or transcripts of Priestap's testimony, it's hard to judge the accuracy of the memo's description.
———
Follow Chad Day on Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/ChadSDay
MARAWI, Philippines (AP) — An Australian journalist says he is fine after being hit by a bullet in his neck while covering the Philippine military's assault against militants aligned with the Islamic State group in a southern city.
A tweeted video showed ABC journalist Adam Harvey wearing a neck brace and putting on his helmet after receiving treatment Thursday in Marawi. He told reporters he was fine and that he was to get an X-ray.
Harvey was hit at the provincial capitol building, where government officials hold briefings on the progress against the militants who've laid siege to Marawi since last month.
Also Thursday, a suspected militant bomber was arrested in Cagayan de Oro City, about 100 kilometers (62 miles) from Marawi.
Brig. Gen. Gilbert Gapay says Mohammad Noaim Maute was under investigation.
Mass shooting in Alexandria, Virginia
The Republican House Whip, Steve Scalise, has been shot and wounded in a mass shooting incident in Alexandria, Virginia, USA. Five people were shot and wounded during a baseball practice session early on Wednesday morning. Two police officers are among the wounded and the gunman was among five persons hospitalized.
The incident happened as Congressmen were practising for the annual congressional baseball game (scheduled for Thursday) in which at least 25 Republican congressmen were taking part. Steve Scalise is the third most senior Republican in Congress, elected in 2008. He is married with two children. Hospital sources say he is in a critical condition.
Between fifty and a hundred shots were fired between the police and the attacker, a middle-aged male armed with a rifle and a pistol. The shooting went on for a full ten minutes.
AMERICAN LEAGUE Toronto 000 002 002—4 6 1 Boston 001 012 02x—6 11 1
Gaviglio, Oh (7), Tepera (8) and Maile; Rodriguez, Barnes (7), Johnson (9), Kimbrel (9) and Vazquez. W_Rodriguez 6-1. L_Gaviglio 2-1. Sv_Kimbrel (18). HRs_Toronto, Hernandez (8). Boston, Nunez (4), Martinez (18).
___
Chicago 000 000 001—1 5 2 Cleveland 205 200 00x—9 13 0
Lopez, Volstad (3), Avilan (4), Rondon (5), Fry (6), N.Jones (7), Soria (8) and Narvaez; Kluber, Beliveau (7), Marshall (8), B.Taylor (9) and Gomes. W_Kluber 8-2. L_Lopez 1-4. HRs_Chicago, Sanchez (3). Cleveland, Ramirez (17), Encarnacion (13).
___
Houston 000 020 001—3 7 0 New York 100 022 00x—5 8 1
Keuchel, McHugh (6) and Stassi; L.Severino, Robertson (8), Chapman (9) and Romine. W_L.Severino 8-1. L_Keuchel 3-7. Sv_Chapman (12). HRs_Houston, Stassi (5).
___
INTERLEAGUE Washington 001 000 100—2 7 0 Baltimore 000 000 000—0 4 0
Scherzer, Doolittle (9) and P.Severino; Hess, Castro (7), Hart (8), Wright Jr. (9) and Sisco. W_Scherzer 9-1. L_Hess 2-2. Sv_Doolittle (13). HRs_Washington, Harper (18).
___
NATIONAL LEAGUE St. Louis 000 000 200—2 8 1 Milwaukee 000 010 20x—3 10 1
Reyes, Gant (5), Lyons (7), Tuivailala (7) and Kelly; Guerra, Jeffress (7), Hader (8), Knebel (9) and Kratz, Pina. W_Jeffress 5-0. L_Tuivailala 1-1. Sv_Knebel (5). HRs_St. Louis, Bader (5). Milwaukee, Yelich (7).
___
Cincinnati 000 402 001—7 12 0 Arizona 301 000 000—4 13 1
Romano, W.Peralta (6), Hughes (7), Garrett (7), Iglesias (8) and Barnhart; Corbin, Salas (7), Chafin (8), McFarland (9) and Murphy. W_Romano 3-6. L_Corbin 5-2. Sv_Iglesias (9). HRs_Cincinnati, Schebler (6), Duvall (10). Arizona, Goldschmidt (7), Murphy (7).
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (AP) -- Matt Forte remains focused only on winning, no matter what anyone else thinks.
So, when some New York Jets fans suggest the team is tanking the upcoming season - or, should - to get a high draft pick next spring, the veteran running back completely disagrees with the notion.
''It's a good thing we don't operate off of what the fans think and what everybody on the outside thinks,'' Forte said Wednesday before the team's second minicamp practice. ''What we think as a team, that's what's going to happen. And none of us on the team think that we're going to tank.
''So all I have to say about that is: Bring it.''
The Jets are coming off a 5-11 season and parted ways with several productive and popular veterans in the offseason to cut some big salaries. Gone are the likes of Darrelle Revis, Brandon Marshall, Eric Decker, Nick Mangold, David Harris and Nick Folk.
When asked if he thinks the Jets have a competitive roster, Forte laughed.
''What kind of question is that?'' he said. ''This is a professional football team. We have athletes on this team. In the league, it's not about the team that has the most talent on the roster. It's about the guys who have a brotherhood together. They play on the field, not next to each other, they play for each other. They make sacrifices on the field so the other guys can make plays.
''That's the kind of culture that we've been creating throughout the offseason here.''
The 31-year-old Forte is one of the few remaining vets. And he hasn't been assured that he'll be around for this season.
''I don't worry about stuff like that,'' said Forte, whose 813 yards rushing in his first season with the Jets were the lowest of his career. ''Nobody has come to me about any of that stuff. I'm pretty sure if they did, my agent would've called me. I go out and practice every day to attain a goal, which is reaching the championship and being the best I can be.''
Forte echoed the sentiments of coach Todd Bowles, who on Tuesday dismissed the ''tanking'' notion.
''Lucky for me, I don't read the media,'' Bowles said, ''but my expectations are high and the team's expectations are high and that's really all that counts.''
When asked what he's looking to accomplish in a season with such gloomy outside predictions, Bowles insisted nothing has changed.
''I'm trying to get to the playoffs and win a Super Bowl,'' the coach said. ''It's no different than any other year.''
---
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
23:26 Reported News Briefs Shvat 18, 5778 , 03/02/18 Shvat 18, 5778 , 03/02/18 Palestinian Authority preparing to 'disengage' from Israel Read more PA Chairman, who also serves as Palestine Liberation Organization official, orders preparation of plans to 'disengage' from Israel. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. Rainfall will be locally heavy at times. High 83F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 2 to 3 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is possible..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — A capital murder charge has been dismissed against a North Texas man in the death of his 2-year-old daughter, after prosecutors learned her then-5-year-old brother said he caused her death.
Anthony Michael Sanders was accused of smothering his daughter, Ellie Mae, at their home in the Fort Worth suburb of Watauga in 2015. Investigators believed Sanders held his hand over her mouth out of anger for her interrupting his computer games.
Jailed since April 2016, Sanders denied responsibility. He said he found his daughter not breathing after his son reported she wouldn't wake up.
The Fort Worth Star-Telegram reports prosecutors recently learned the boy told his mother he was responsible. Investigators say the boy cried as he told them he accidentally rolled a heavy pillow onto his sister's face while they played and it was too heavy for him to move.
Copyright AP 2017. All rights reserved.
Transcript for Detroit police hunt for gunman taking aim along Michigan highways
Next this Monday night, the manhunt for a highway shooter in Detroit. Police linking the gunman now to a fourth shooting. Here's ABC's Adrienne Bankert. Reporter: Police today expand their search for evidence. On the hunt for a gunman who took aim at drivers on Michigan freeways. Can you call police? I just got shot in the leg. Reporter: The first of four people targeted. Seen here stumbling into a Detroit gas station just before 3:00 A.M. Thursday. I thought it was a rock. I'm on 94, I heard a big bang. Reporter: Minutes later a bullet tears though this man's truck. It went through the car. A bullet was actually stuck on the bottom of my seat. I think it was probably about five, six cars down, I saw a gun flashing down the window. Reporter: Three of the drivers recall seeing a silver sedan pull up alongside them. We doubled our patrols on the freeway system. We actually have some undercover officers working out there. Reporter: And David, only one of the drivers was hurt in what police say could have been a game or a stunt, like target practice. And that the suspect's had to be moving at very high speeds in order to do so much damage in minutes. David? Adrienne, thank you.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
President Donald Trump on Wednesday will try to sell the American people on an unpopular Republican tax overhaul that his administration claims will generate about $1.8 trillion in new revenue — a figure that a top Democratic lawmaker dismissed as "fake math."
The White House said Monday that Trump's pitch will focus on how the GOP tax reform plan will lead to a brighter future for taxpayers and their families, according to spokeswoman Lindsay Walters. House and Senate negotiators are rushing to finalize a bill and deliver the measure to Trump before Christmas.
Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have promoted the massive tax plan by promising the tax cuts will boost the economy. Public polling shows many Americans are unhappy with the proposal. The House and Senate tax bills combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for individuals.
The administration's new, rosy estimate of new revenue from the tax plan over 10 years is a lot higher than nonpartisan congressional analysts have projected. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that growth stimulated by the anticipated tax cuts will generate some $408 billion in additional tax revenue over 10 years.
The new Treasury Department analysis says about half the expected increase in economic growth likely will result from tax benefits for corporations.
Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., called the analysis "nothing more than one page of fake math."
"It's clear the White House and Republicans are grasping at straws to prove the unprovable and garner votes for a bill that nearly every single independent analysis has concluded will blow up the deficit and generate almost no additional economic activity to make up for it," Schumer said.
It's a momentous week for the tax legislation. The Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law this past summer. Voters who will decide which party holds the majority in next year's midterms elections are watching.
GOP leaders in Congress aim to iron out differences between the $1.5 trillion House and Senate tax bills, to pass a final blended package.
Trump on Sunday offered an upbeat assessment.
"Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected," Trump tweeted on his way to his golf club in West Palm Beach, Florida. "House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important, but SPECIAL!"
The House and Senate bills would cut taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $20 trillion deficit. They would double the standard deduction used by most Americans to $12,000 for individuals and $24,000 for couples.
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California, New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes. Repeal of the deduction added up to $1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts.
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills — full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes, but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $10,000 in local property taxes.
"I feel very confident we're going to get this done ... at the end of the day we're going to get this to the president's desk and he's going to sign it," House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said Sunday in an interview on Fox News Channel.
Just a few weeks ago, lawmakers were unyielding on their insistence that the corporate tax rate be slashed from 35 percent to 20 percent. Now, one way to finance the changes on state and local taxes would be to cut the corporate tax rate to 21 or 22 percent instead.
——
This story was corrected to reflect the Joint Committee on Taxation's estimate of revenue from the tax plan, $408 billion.
———
Associated Press writer Jill Colvin contributed to this report.
ISLAMABAD (AP) — Pakistan opening batsman Nasir Jamshed has been banned for a year for not cooperating with the Pakistan Cricket Board's anti-corruption tribunal in a match fixing fixing case.
"The charge leveled upon Nasir Jamshed by the PCB so far was simply one of a failure to cooperate," PCB's legal advisor Taffazul Rizvi told reporters in the eastern city of Lahore on Monday.
Jamshed is the fifth Pakistani cricketer after Sharjeel Khan, Khalid Latif, Mohammad Irfan and Mohammad Nawaz to be fined and banned for violating several anti-corruption codes during the second edition of the Pakistan Super League this year.
The PCB had suspended Jamshed on Feb. 13 this year and he is now barred from all forms of the game until Feb. 13 next year.
Jamshed was arrested in the UK in February and was released on bail.
He appeared before the PCB's anti-corruption tribunal, via video link, in August this year from England. Prior to that, Jamshed failed to appear before PCB officials when they traveled to England to investigate the cricketer.
"No proof has been made public yet so that he (Jamshed) doesn't try to cover his tracks," Rizvi said. "If he is innocent, then shouldn't he or his client have explained why his passport has been confiscated by the National Crime Agency in London? Why is he on bail over there?"
Jamshed's lawyer Hasan Waraich challenged Rizvi, saying the PCB had no proof against his client.
"My client has been defamed nationally and internationally, and the reputation of the country has been damaged by the PCB's actions," he said.
"They kept saying they had multiple proofs against my client, and I challenged them to present those proofs to the media. They have consistently failed to do so."
11:25 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 CIA director: No imminent threat of war with North Korea Read more CIA Director Mike Pompeo: North Korea moves towards missiles at 'ever-alarming' rate, but conflict not yet imminent. ► ◄ Last Briefs
By Hayden Wright
Ty Dolla $ign's anticipated Beach House 3 drops October 27 and the rapper continues to share new music from the album.
Related: Ty Dolla $ign Announces ‘Beach House 3' Release Date with 2 New Songs
Ty has unveiled “Ex” featuring YG. The track marks the duo's first collaboration since “Toot It and Boot It,” YG's debut commercial single in 2010. Ty promised a YG reunion when he discussed Beach House 3 back in September: “I got my homie YG on there…That feels real good,” he told XXL.
In the song's hook, Ty brags: “I just text my main chick (main)/ I told her, I ain't coming home (home), tonight.”
Obviously, Ty has other plans…with his ex. He started thinking about the “old days” and “linked up with my old thing.”
Listen to “Ex,” which contains explicit language, now at Radio.com.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018--The global indium market is expected to post a CAGR of close to 7% during the period 2018-2022, according to the latest market research report by .
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005161/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global indium market from 2018-2022. (Photo: Business Wire)
A key factor driving the growth of the market is the increasing demand for LCDs, which is expected to drive the indium market. Most of the indium produced is used as ITO in LCDs. The demand for bigger displays and tablets is high, with TV screen size being the biggest driving force during the forecast period.
This market research report on the provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook during the forecast period. Technavio classifies an emerging trend as a major factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
In this report, Technavio highlights the increased use of indium in PV as one of the key emerging trends in the global indium market:
Global indium market: Increased use of indium in PV
Indium is used as CIGS solar panels in PV cells in the form of a thin-film photovoltaic. It represents a small part of the current demand for indium. However, improvements in production efficiency and material intensity of CIGS solar cells can help increase their adoption thereby fueling the demand for indium. The thin-film photovoltaics have numerous advantages over conventional solar energy technologies as they are lightweight, can be applied to uneven surfaces, and they can be rolled up when not in use. CIGS help in achieving high-conversion efficiencies at low costs.
“Vendors are investing in R&D activities for flexible CIGS solar cells, which can help yield high production throughput. Flexible CIGS solar cells can be used in roofing materials, in other building-integrated photovoltaics and in various applications in the aerospace, military, and recreational industries,” says a senior market research analyst at Technavio.
Global indium market: Segmentation analysis
This market research report segments the global indium market by application (ITO thin film coatings, solders and alloys, and others), and geographical regions (APAC, EMEA, and the Americas).
The ITO thin film coatings segment dominated the market with a share of 65%, which is expected to increase further during the forecast period. The market share of the other two segments is expected to see a small decrease in 2022.
APAC led the market in 2017 with close to 38% of the market share in 2017, followed by the Americas and EMEA respectively. The market in APAC is expected to exhibit the highest increase in market share over the forecast period while EMEA and the Americas are expected to see a decline in their market shares.
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Some of the key topics covered in the report include:
Market Landscape
Market ecosystem Market characteristics Market segmentation analysis
Market Sizing
Market sizing Market size and forecast
Five Forces Analysis
Market Segmentation
Geographical Segmentation
Regional comparison Key leading countries
Market Drivers
Market Challenges
Market Trends
Vendor Landscape
Vendors covered Vendor classification Market positioning of vendors Competitive scenario
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005161/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: NATURAL RESOURCES MINING/MINERALS OTHER NATURAL RESOURCES ENVIRONMENT
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 07/04/2018 09:16 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 09:16 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005161/en
A police officer in Euclid, Ohio, is on paid administrative leave as authorities continue to investigate an incident in which he was captured on cellphone video as well as dashcam footage punching a man repeatedly in the head during a traffic stop arrest.
According to a Euclid Police Department media release, around 10:30 a.m. Saturday, officers stopped a 2011 silver Hyundai being driven by Richard Hubbard III because of an alleged traffic violation.
"During the process of the traffic stop, police ordered Hubbard out of the car and to face away in order to take Hubbard into custody. Hubbard ignored the order to face away and as the officer attempted to take Hubbard into custody he began physically resisting," the release said. "A violent struggle lasting over three minutes ensued and additional officers were needed to eventually take Hubbard into custody."
2 Georgia police officers fired after videos show man being punched, kicked during traffic stop
Police face criticism following eruptions of violence in Charlottesville
A bystander across the street released cellphone video of the incident Saturday. Afterward, the Euclid Police Department released six-minute dashcam footage taken from the officer's vehicle.
In the dashcam video, an officer pulls over the Hyundai and can be heard telling Hubbard that the registered owner of the car shows a suspended license. The officer asks for a license and whether Hubbard has a warrant out for his arrest.
Hubbard appears to protest the traffic stop and a female passenger in the vehicle can be heard telling him, "Stop arguing."
Moments later, the officer opens the car door and tells Hubbard to exit and face away from him. According to police, that is when Hubbard ignored the order and started to resist. As the officer attempts to arrest Hubbard, the two end up on the ground. A second officer, who was on the passenger side of the vehicle, attempts to help in the arrest.
In both the cellphone video and dashcam footage, the arresting officer can be seen punching Hubbard.
The female passenger, who was not identified, gets out of the car as well and appears to speak to Hubbard. She later tapes the incident on her phone.
According to the police release, Hubbard was medically examined after his arrest at the Cuyahoga County Jail Euclid Annex. The arresting officer was treated and released from a hospital.
Cuyahoga County
Hubbard posted bond on charges of driving under suspension and resisting arrest. Police said he is due in court Aug. 24. The arresting officer, whom the department did not identify, was put on paid administrative leave pending investigation.
In a statement, the Euclid Police Department said: "It is the mission of the Euclid Police Department to provide professional and transparent service to the residents, business owners, and visitors to the City of Euclid. This entire incident will be reviewed, in detail, so that the public can have a full and open understanding of the series of events that eventually led to this violent encounter."
And today, Euclid Mayor Kirsten Gail released a statement to ABC News, saying the City of Euclid and the Euclid Police Department are committed to providing a safe community and to treating "all justly and with dignity and respect."
"We have made great strides in building a bond between the community and its police department. Violence and use of force in any situation is disturbing and difficult to watch. The videos of the incident on Saturday morning raise some very serious concerns. We have policies and procedures in place to ensure that all use of force by police are both lawful and justified. I can assure you the incident will be reviewed thoroughly and appropriate action will be taken. We certainly do not want this incident to erase all of the good work that has happened and continues to happen every day in Euclid or to define who we are as a community. We will continue to work with residents, our faith leaders, and community partners to improve our community and ensure Euclid remains a community where we all can be proud to live, work and visit," Gail said.
The Latest on the Nobel Peace Prize (all times local):
9:35 p.m.
The United States has issued a statement saying that "no state possessing nuclear weapons or which depends upon such weapons for its security supports" a U.N. treaty to prohibit nuclear weapons.
The statement came after the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons.
In its statement, the U.S. said "today's announcement does not change the U.S. position on the treaty: the United States does not support and will not sign the treaty."
The U.S. said it is "seeing a deterioration in the overall security environment and growing nuclear capabilities of certain states. This treaty will not make the world more peaceful, will not result in the elimination of a single nuclear weapon, and will not enhance any state's security."
It said the treaty "risks undermining existing efforts to address global proliferation and security challenges." It promised to work with other nations to improve international security, counter nuclear proliferation and reduce nuclear dangers.
———
8:50 p.m.
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has tweeted his congratulations to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, saying: "Now more than ever we need a world without nuclear weapons."
His spokesman Stephane Dujarric said Friday that "events over the past months have reminded us of the catastrophic risk that nuclear weapons pose to humanity."
This was a clear reference to North Korea's increasingly sophisticated nuclear and ballistic missile tests and the threatening exchanges between U.S. President Donald Trump and the North's leader, Kim Jong-un.
Dujarric says "at a time when nuclear anxieties are at the highest level since the Cold War, the secretary-general calls on all countries to show vision and greater commitment for a world free of nuclear weapons."
———
2:50 p.m.
Former Soviet Union leader Mikhail Gorbachev has hailed the awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to a group campaigning against nuclear weapons, saying it reinforces the position that he and Ronald Reagan took at the Reykjavik summit a generation ago.
Gorbachev, who has himself campaigned against nuclear weapons since leaving office in 1991, said he was "very worried that military doctrines again allow the use of nuclear weapons.
He added in a statement: "I would like to remind about a joint statement we signed with Ronald Reagan: A nuclear war can't be won and must never be fought."
Although the 1986 Reykjavik meeting collapsed at the last minute, it led to the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces treaty that banned all land-based cruise and ballistic missiles with a range between 500 and 5,500 kilometers (310 and 3,410 miles).
———
2:10 p.m.
Two days before her organization won the Nobel Peace Prize, Beatrice Fihn, sent a tweet that turned awkward: "Donald Trump is a moron."
The executive director of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons told a news conference after the prize announcement that she was trying to make a joke, "which I kind of regret now," based on reports that U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had said the same of Trump.
But, she added, "I think that the election of President Donald Trump has made a lot of people very uncomfortable with the fact that he alone can authorize the use of nuclear weapons."
———
12:45 p.m.
The European Union's foreign policy chief welcomed the awarding of this year's Nobel Peace Prize to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons.
Federica Mogherini said on Twitter Friday: "We share a strong commitment to achieving the objective of a world free from nuclear weapons."
Two European Union members — France and Britain — are nuclear powers.
Mogherini and her predecessor, Catherine Ashton, were heavily involved in brokering a deal to contain Iran's nuclear program.
———
12:40 p.m.
In Japan, the only country to suffer an atomic bombing in the closing days of World War II, this year's Nobel Peace Prize resonated with many.
Sunao Tsuboi, a 92-year-old survivor of the Hiroshima bombing, said he was overjoyed to hear of the Nobel Peace award going to those who were also working toward the abolition of nuclear weapons.
He said that "as long as I live, I hope to work toward a realization of a world without nuclear weapons with ICAN and many other people."
Tsuboi, whose ear is partly missing and his face blotched with burn marks, is co-chair of the Japan Confederation of A- and H-Bomb Sufferers Organizations, or Hidankyo, and has devoted his life to the fight to eradicate nuclear weapons, stressing that the weapon is designed simply to kill.
———
11:50 a.m.
The director of the anti-nuclear campaign that won this year's Nobel Peace Prize says that "it sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behavior."
Beatrice Fihn, executive director of the Geneva-based International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, told reporters that "we can't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security. That's not how you build security."
Fihn said that the group has received a phone call minutes before the official announcement was made that ICAN had won the prize. But she thought it was "a prank" and she didn't believe it until heard the name of the group during the Peace Prize announcement in Oslo.
———
11 a.m.
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons has won the Nobel Peace Prize.
The Norwegian Nobel Committee honored the Geneva-based group "for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons."
The statement, read by committee chairwoman Berit Reiss-Andersen, said that "through its inspiring and innovative support for the U.N. negotiations on a treaty banning nuclear weapons, ICAN has played a major part in bringing about what in our day and age is equivalent to an international peace congress."
Asked by journalists whether the prize was essentially symbolic, given that no international measures against nuclear weapons have been reached, Reiss-Andersen said that "what will not have an impact is being passive."
———
7 a.m.
The Norwegian committee that chooses the Nobel Peace Prize winner sorted through more than 300 nominations for this year's award, which recognizes both accomplishments and intentions.
The prize announcement comes Friday in the Norwegian capital Oslo, culminating a week in which Nobel laureates have been named in medicine, physics, chemistry and literature.
The Norwegian Nobel Committee does not release names of those it considers for the prize, but said 215 individuals and 103 organizations were nominated.
Observers see the Syrian volunteer humanitarian organization White Helmets as a top contender, along with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif and EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini for shepherding the deal to curb Iran's nuclear program.
DAVIE, Fla. -- The second day of mandatory minicamp for the Miami Dolphins on Wednesday had several hundred uninvited guests.
A swarm of bees packed one corner of the practice field near the bleachers and caused the team to switch ends of the field toward the close of practice.
The Dolphins noticed the bees after a deep passing play in the insects' direction to receiver DeVante Parker, who caught the pass in the end zone over cornerback Xavien Howard.
"I was standing right in the middle of it," Dolphins coach Adam Gase said. "I was starting to see all of those somethings flying around and I didn't know what was going on. Then a couple of guys were freaking out."
Parker kept his full concentration and made the impressive catch. The team went to the opposite side of the field soon after.
No one was stung or needed treatment, Gase said.
There were no bees present at the start of practice. But by the end of the nearly two-hour session, a large group had formed.
"It was towards the end of practice and it got to the point where I was like, 'I'm not going to run. If they get me, they get me,'" Dolphins guard Jermon Bushrod said. "That was pretty weird and it was funny because we moved all the way down to the other end and you could still kind of see the swarm of them down at the other end."
Even 6-foot-4, 305-pound Pro Bowl defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh didn't want anything to do with the swarm.
"I'm not a fan of bees," Suh said afterward. "I've been around yellow jackets in Jamaica and all that stuff. I'm not too scared of them, but I'd rather not be stung if I didn't have to be."
The Dolphins will wrap up their three-day minicamp on Thursday, most likely without the uninvited guests.
Chinese conglomerate HNA Group, which operates Hainan Airlines and other businesses around the world, says its co-chairman has died while on a business trip in France.
HNA Group said Wang Jian, a co-founder of the company, suffered "severe injuries" in a fall and died Tuesday at age 57. It gave no other details.
Launched in 1993 on the southern island of Hainan, HNA grew to become China's fourth-largest airline and expanded into finance, hotels, logistics and other businesses in a multibillion-dollar global acquisition spree.
More recently, HNA has been selling some assets as Chinese regulators tighten lending controls and press companies to rein in debt.
Member of Knesset Aida Touma-Sliman (Joint Arab List) will participate later this month in a special conference entitled the “United Nations Forum to Mark Fifty Years of Occupation.” The forum, organized by the UN Division for Palestinian Rights, will include panels on “Beyond Occupation: The Path ahead to Palestinian Independence and a Just Peace” and “The Costs and Consequences of 50 Years of Occupation.” In addition to MK Touma-Sliman, speakers at the gathering will include Hagai El-Ad, Executive Director of B'Tselem, senior Palestinian Authority negotiator Saeb Erakat, journalists, academics and diplomats.
Danny Danon, Israel's ambassador to the UN said, “It is shameful that a member of Knesset is abusing her position and is working together with the Palestinians to harm Israel at the UN.” He concluded, “Her presence at this anti-Israel gathering, with the sole purpose of defaming our country, crosses all red lines.”
CHICAGO (AP) — These sure are sweet times for Loyola-Chicago.
Two last-second shots — two prayers answered — vaulted the Ramblers to the Sweet 16 and placed them right in the national spotlight.
"Coach (Porter Moser) has been talking about how 'You think this is good? Look around. You think this is good? Well, it's gonna get even better,'" guard Ben Richardson said. "It's just kind of been bought into that, like put it in the bag and move on."
The Ramblers are moving on to face Nevada after two breathtaking victories, a run that has captivated college basketball and turned 98-year-old team chaplain Sister Jean Dolores Schmidt into a celebrity.
They knocked off Miami on Dante Ingram's buzzer-beating 3-pointer from the March Madness logo, then got the sweetest of all bounces on Clayton Custer's jumper in the closing seconds to beat Tennessee in Dallas. On Monday, they were back home preparing for Nevada.
The Ramblers (30-5) will bring more wins than any other team in the program's 100-year history into Thursday's game in Atlanta, having surpassed their 1963 champions during this NCAA run.
No small accomplishment for a team that struggled for decades following a Sweet 16 loss to Patrick Ewing and Georgetown in 1985. Loyola went 14 seasons without a winning record at one point. The first few years after Moser took over in 2011 weren't so smooth, either.
They've gone from 7-23 with just one win in the Horizon League in his first season to capturing the Missouri Valley Championship, from small home crowds to their first sellout in 15 years, from obscurity to center stage. It's quite a turnaround for the Jesuit school of about 16,000 along the lakefront on Chicago's northern edge.
For guard Lucas Williamson, it's been a nonstop flow of well-wishes and congratulations. Whether it's from posts on social media, students coming up to him in the dorm or professors wishing the team well in classes, they keep pouring in.
"I love all the appreciation," said Williamson, a Chicago product.
Even former President Barack Obama gave the Ramblers — and Sister Jean — a shoutout. He tweeted after the first-round win: "Congrats to @LoyolaChicago and Sister Jean for a last-second upset - I had faith in my pick!"
"I can't even start to put into words the outreach that we've had across the country from so many people," Moser said. "When you have a media market like Chicago ... you can't put into words (what it means to the school). I'm sure in the months ahead they'll be put into a more detailed impact. But right now, it's just fun for the university to have this kind of national recognition."
And he's not shying away from the attention.
"The media scrutiny, the spotlight, it's great for them," Moser said. "They're mature enough to handle it. They've been handling it now for a month straight. I'm not that guy that's gonna hold back and not enjoy this journey. They're enjoying it. But they're gonna absolutely ... be locked in, ready to go."
That means figuring out a way to beat a team that just pulled off quite a shocker.
Nevada wiped out a 22-point deficit in the final 11 minutes to match the second-biggest comeback in NCAA Tournament history and knock out Cincinnati. The Wolf Pack (28-7) are in the Sweet 16 for the second time. Otherwise, it would have been Ramblers against Bearcats in a matchup that sure would have sparked flashbacks to the '63 title game. That year, Loyola beat two-time defending champion Cincinnati in a landmark moment for racial equality.
"Super, super, super talented offensive team," Richardson said about Nevada. "You've gotta give credit to a team like that that fought back from a huge deficit. That's just the kind of stuff that happens in March. You've always gotta be ready for a team to make a historic comeback. That's a tribute to the way they play, they play super hard, they're a really talented offensive team, and there'll definitely be a lot of things we have to game plan for because they're definitely a tough matchup."
Something else that might concern Loyola: Sister Jean had them losing in the Sweet 16 in her bracket.
"Sister Jean, she's been our biggest supporter," Williamson said. "And she's definitely gonna be our biggest supporter. But we're gonna have to bust her bracket on this one."
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org , https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
Gloria Estefan's mother, Gloria Fajardo, has died at 88 years old.
On Facebook Tuesday evening, the singer wrote, "Tonight at 8:19 pm we lost my dearest mother."
She added that when her "incomparable" mom passed, she was "filled with peace and surrounded by her daughters, grandchildren, sons-in-law, niece, the three girls who cared for her with so much affection, family and her closest friends."
Estefan said she believes it was a sign that her mother passed at 8:19 p.m. because her grandmother Consuelo died 32 years ago on August 19 -- 8/19.
"[She] wanted to make us clear that she was going very well accompanied by my grandmother and our dear father, José Manuel," Estefan wrote. "I will miss her every moment of every day and thank her for having been an amazing mother, woman and model to follow for so many people."
Gloria then thanked her fans for the love, prayers and messages they sent during her mother's decline.
"I want you to know that I let you know in every moment, of all the love and light you were sending and she appreciated and absorbed every one of those beautiful feelings," she added. "Thank you for being in your hearts and tenderly holding hands."
Last week, the singer canceled her July 15 concert to care for her mother.
The post itself and all its responsibilities will be easy to leave, he said. Exiting a career in banking that spanned 47 years and amassed countless accomplishments won't be a problem.
Concerns about the future of a bank he helped build from the ground up and into which he poured his heart and soul? He has none, thanks to several careers he's had a big hand in developing. Nor does he worry about what he'll do with himself in retirement, with travel plans galore and faith that a new ministry is on the horizon.
But the many people he's seen every day for years, who've become his second family? That's what he'll miss, and they're the reason he knows he'll shed some tears before he leaves the main office Dec. 29.
“Back in January, I started counting down the days I had left at the bank, just as a fun thing to bring up and joke about with our employees,” Richerson said. “Now that the day is a lot closer, I've stopped checking that number every day. It takes on a whole new meaning when I think about how blessed I've been to spend time with so many great people, and I'm really going to miss being around them.”
Certainly counted among those friends is chief executive officer Randall Clemons, the person who recruited Richerson to Wilson Bank & Trust in 1989. At the time, Richerson worked for another Lebanon bank, and the two had become acquainted through church. It was at the Wilson County Fair that Clemons really took notice of a special work ethic; Richerson was there every night at the rival bank's booth, and Clemons was impressed enough to invite Richerson to move to Wilson Bank & Trust. So began a career at Wilson Bank & Trust that has lasted nearly 29 years and was marked by many other strong relationships.
Richerson was hired as a lender at the assistant vice president level when the bank was still in its infancy. He was promoted to head of the mortgage department that same year, then continued to move through the ranks, growing along with the bank.
In 1996, he became the bank's first executive vice president. A year later, Clemons took on the title of chairman, and Richerson moved into the president's role. As one of the two key figures atop the bank's leadership structure in the years since, Richerson's roles have long included oversight of all the bank's day-to-day operations and human resources, among other things.
He's also been the embodiment of commitment. Before the bank established much stability or longevity, Richerson was presented with an opportunity to return to his roots in Waynesboro with a job that offered a significant salary increase and a higher level of authority at a community bank there. But back home, in his mind, wasn't necessarily where he belonged. He believed the relationships he'd established at Wilson Bank & Trust made his friends and coworkers in Lebanon more like an extended family than he would find anywhere else.
“I could see the potential here, but the thought that we'd succeed as a bank wasn't a certainty at that point. In the end, I just valued all the relationships, our team and this environment too much to leave what we had going,” he said.
Prayer and pondering led him to stay.
The non-move was a big decision, as he had cut his teeth in banking in Waynesboro fresh out of high school and had made many memories there. The local community bank in Waynesboro had a tradition of giving a job to the senior class president each year after graduation, and in 1970, that individual happened to be Richerson. He took the temporary job, and effectively ended the tradition – not because things didn't work out, but because he found he liked the field enough to stay. His main responsibilities at first were filing checks, which required learning individual customers' signatures – checks weren't numbered in those days – and cleaning the restrooms. He grew into other roles during his seven years there, including bookkeeping, ledger posting, service as a teller and eventually lending. Richerson later worked as in investigator for the FDIC before moving to Lebanon in 1988.
Of course, banking has seen a lot of change in Richerson's career, and he believes most of the technological and regulatory advances that are prevalent these days are for the better. But in terms of a legacy, it's not the industry or even the bank's success he hoped he's impacted the most.
“I look at my time at the bank as a ministry, and if there's any type of legacy I'm leaving, I hope it's a spiritual one,” Richerson said. “No person or business is perfect, but I'm proud that we remain an organization that seeks to put God first.”
One of many ways his service impacted his bank family is through the Richerson Family Scholarship, established for children of employees beginning their college careers. Richerson said the program was one of the biggest blessings of his bank tenure. Through the initiative, which he began in 2012, two graduating seniors a year each received $1,000 to help with their education.
On a broader scale, the many employees he's mentored and supervised witnessed an effective, caring, even fatherly example of a servant living his faith each day. Thanks to the bank's continued growth, Richerson was grooming and preparing several members of the Wilson Bank & Trust management team to fill his various roles. His firm-but-fair approach, honesty and desire to make others feel appreciated are sure to stick with them throughout their careers. He believes he's leaving things in good hands.
“We have some great thinkers and leaders at Wilson Bank, bankers smarter than me that will grow and succeed. We also have a great succession plan that's working well. I'm excited about our future leadership and potential.”
Another remnant of Richerson's work, one far more tangible and easily visible, will also endure at Wilson Bank & Trust for a long time to come. The operations center nearing completion behind the main office is a project he envisioned for many years, and he looks forward to seeing the finished product. His calendar is circled to be part of the building's grand opening in April.
Between his end-of-year retirement and that date, Richerson has a major bucket list item to check off, including a month-long trip to visit all of Australia and New Zealand. Retirement will also allow time for some other travel opportunities, like flying out west and driving back, and taking Route 66 from Chicago to California.
Richerson's role with the bank won't disappear entirely – he will continue to serve on the board of directors, and of course has a vested interest in the bank's continued development.
“My prayer is that the bank will stay independent, and keep providing others with a return the way it has for me,” he said. “I'm thankful for all the relationships that have brought me such blessings. As God empties my cup of the banking business, I know he's ready to fill it with something else.”
A public reception for Richerson will be Dec. 15 from 3-5 p.m. at the main office at 623 W. Main St. in Lebanon.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll on long-term care was conducted March 13-April 5 by NORC at the University of Chicago, with funding from the SCAN Foundation. It is based on online and telephone interviews of 1,845 adults, including 1,522 adults age 40 and over, who are members of NORC's nationally representative AmeriSpeak panel.
The AmeriSpeak panel includes respondents originally selected randomly from NORC's National Frame based on address-based sampling and recruited by mail, email, telephone and face-to-face interviews.
NORC interviews participants over the phone if they don't have internet access. With a probability basis and coverage of people who can't access the internet, surveys using AmeriSpeak are nationally representative.
Interviews with AmeriSpeak panelists were conducted in English and Spanish.
As is done routinely in surveys, results were weighted, or adjusted, to ensure that responses accurately reflect the population's makeup by factors such as age, sex, education, census region and race. In addition, the weighting took into account patterns of nonresponse among panel members selected for the survey.
No more than 1 time in 20 should chance variations in the sample cause the results to vary by more than plus or minus 3.3 percentage points from the answers that would be obtained if all adults in the U.S. were polled.
There are other sources of potential error in polls, including the wording and order of questions.
The questions and results are available at http://www.longtermcarepoll.org/.
Dee Ann Andretti, the wife of famed driver Mario Andretti and matriarch of one of the most prominent families in motorsports, has died. She was 76.
Andretti died Tuesday, a few weeks after suffering a heart attack. Grandson Marco Andretti announced her death on social media , posting: "RIP Grammy Andretti. You will be missed." The IndyCar Series later confirmed her death.
Mario Andretti and Dee Ann Hoch met while she was teaching English to the Italy-born Andretti in Nazareth, Pennsylvania. They were married a few months later, in November 1961.
Dee Ann Andretti mostly stayed in the background and raised their three children while her husband became one of the world's most successful race car drivers.
She is survived by her husband, sons Michael and Jeff, daughter Barbie Dee and seven grandchildren.
___
More AP auto racing: https://racing.ap.org
BERLIN (AP) — German authorities say they have deported 69 Afghans whose asylum requests were rejected back to their home country.
A plane carrying the men from Munich to Kabul landed in the Afghan capital early Wednesday. It was one of the largest collective deportation flights yet organized by Germany, which has vowed to step up the removal of people who don't have a right to remain in the country.
The state interior minister of Bavaria, where 51 of the men had been living, welcomed the deportation flight.
Joachim Herrmann noted that unlimited deportations to Afghanistan had recently been approved by Germany's federal authorities. In recent years deportations to Afghanistan were limited to people with criminal convictions.
By Hayden Wright
Ty Dolla $ign's anticipated Beach House 3 drops October 27 and the rapper continues to share new music from the album.
Related: Ty Dolla $ign Announces ‘Beach House 3' Release Date with 2 New Songs
Ty has unveiled “Ex” featuring YG. The track marks the duo's first collaboration since “Toot It and Boot It,” YG's debut commercial single in 2010. Ty promised a YG reunion when he discussed Beach House 3 back in September: “I got my homie YG on there…That feels real good,” he told XXL.
In the song's hook, Ty brags: “I just text my main chick (main)/ I told her, I ain't coming home (home), tonight.”
Obviously, Ty has other plans…with his ex. He started thinking about the “old days” and “linked up with my old thing.”
Listen to “Ex,” which contains explicit language, now at Radio.com.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump has signed a new executive order announcing his intent to keep the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay open, the White House announced Tuesday.
Trump made it clear during his 2016 campaign for president that he wanted to keep Guantanamo open and "load it up with some bad dudes." But the White House announcement, just before the president's first State of the Union address, marked a formal reversal of President Barack Obama's eight-year effort to close the detention center.
The order says the U.S. maintains the option to detain additional enemy combatants at the detention center in Cuba, when necessary. It requires the defense secretary to recommend criteria for determining the fate of individuals captured by the United States in armed conflict, including sending them to Guantanamo Bay.
"The executive order preserves a vital tool to protect the United States and its citizens from continuing significant threats," the White House said. "The detention of enemies captured in an armed conflict is a lawful and necessary tool of warfighting that must continue to be available to the United States."
Practically, not much is expected to change with Trump's new order, said Lee Wolosky, who was Obama's special envoy at the State Department for closing Guantanamo.
"I don't think signing a new executive order changes very much," Wolosky said. "But as a symbolic matter, it changes a great deal because the two presidents before him were trying to close Guantanamo because they recognized that it was a detriment to our national security. Symbolically, it reaffirms his interest in perpetrating a symbol that has greatly damaged the United States."
It's unclear if Trump's order will prompt much reaction overseas since foreign leaders already knew that he wanted to keep it open. European allies, Muslim leaders and other critics have been vehemently opposed to how detainees have been held at Guantanamo for decades without charge and argue that militant groups have used the controversial lockup as a recruiting tool.
The detention center, which President George W. Bush opened in January 2002 to hold and interrogate suspected enemy combatants, reached a maximum population of about 680 in the summer of 2003. Bush transferred about 500 out before he left office. Obama transferred 197 detainees out, leaving 41, including five cleared for release. So far, Trump has not sent any new detainees to the prison or transferred any out.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 17-5-1 17-7-2 9-3-1 Boston 47 29 10 8 66 156 116 16-5-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 18-7-1 11-8-4 8-4-3 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 13-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 13-8-3 12-8-5 5-6-1 Columbus 49 27 19 3 57 131 137 16-8-0 11-11-3 8-5-2 Pittsburgh 51 27 21 3 57 151 153 17-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 13-9-4 11-8-4 5-2-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 13-8-3 12-13-2 7-7-1 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 11-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 11-8-3 9-14-3 6-4-1 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 10-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 12-10-5 8-13-1 9-6-2 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 9-11-5 6-13-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 6-13-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 19-3-2 13-9-2 11-1-1 Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 17-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 16-4-3 13-7-4 10-3-2 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 17-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 17-7-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 San Jose 48 26 15 7 59 143 133 14-7-3 12-8-4 12-2-3 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 12-11-3 13-5-5 8-5-3 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 18-7-1 9-11-2 7-6-1 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 12-9-3 14-9-2 6-9-3 Minnesota 49 26 18 5 57 144 140 17-4-4 9-14-1 8-8-0 Anaheim 50 24 17 9 57 141 141 14-9-3 10-8-6 8-5-5 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 12-10-3 11-9-4 5-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 8-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Minnesota at Columbus, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Boston, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Asian shares rose Tuesday as both Koreas and the U.S. appeared to indicate a willingness to defuse the crisis over Pyongyang's nuclear program. A rally on Wall Street fueled by gains in technology shares also helped.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 percent to 19,753.31. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.5 percent to 5,757.50. South Korea's markets were closed for a national holiday. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.3 percent to 27,339.48, while the Shanghai Composite was climbed 0.3 percent to 3,245.66. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly higher.
NORTH KOREA: North Korea said Tuesday leader Kim Jong-un was briefed on his military's plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam. But the comments also appeared to signal a path to defuse the deepening crisis with Washington, holding out the possibility that friction could ease if the U.S. made some gesture that Pyongyang considered a move to back away from previous "extremely dangerous reckless actions."
WALL STREET: The S&P 500 jumped 1 percent to 2,465.84 and the Dow Jones industrial average advanced 0.6 percent to 21,993.71. The Nasdaq composite added 1.3 percent to 6,340.23.
THE QUOTE: "Investors have once again stepped in, in search of returns, as the tensions surrounding North Korea seemingly dissipated. While the clearance of event risk remains a debate, it certainly does clear the air for other key event to shape market in the latter half of the week," Jingyi Pan of IG said in a commentary.
ENERGY: U.S. crude oil added 2 cents to $47.61 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It lost $1.23 to $47.59 a barrel in New York Monday. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 4 cents to $50.77 a barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 110.35 yen from 109.57 yen late Monday in Asia. The euro fell to $1.1743 from $1.1816.
———
This story has been corrected to say South Korean markets were closed Tuesday.
———
Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — The search is on for a man who police say was trying to get away from a group of men chasing him when he unintentionally slashed a 6-year-old boy in the forehead inside a mosque in the Bronx.
The slashing happened on Sunday around 2 p.m. at the Masjid Salaam at Longwood Avenue and Hewitt Place, police said.
Surveillance video showed a man bursting into the mosque through the front door.
Police say he was being chased outside by two to three other men and was carrying some sort of sharp object.
“He has something in his hand like a knife or a blade,” one witness said.
As the man entered the mosque, police say he accidentally struck the little boy, Mouhammed Ndiaye, with that sharp object.
The boy can be seen in the video, cover his forehead with his hands after getting hit.
“Were you scared?” CBS2's Scott Rapoport asked the boy, who replied “Yes.”
The incident left the child with seven stitches.
Surveillance video shows the man fleeing the mosque shortly after.
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. He then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July, when he urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, he said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said he had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
The Republican-controlled Virginia General Assembly gave final approval Wednesday evening to a state budget expanding Medicaid coverage to the state's poor, acting swiftly after the Senate broke years of partisan gridlock on the issue.
The House of Delegates voted Wednesday only about an hour after the state Senate voted in favor of expansion. Several Republicans in both chambers joined with Democrats to support Medicaid expansion.
The House had previously endorsed expansion, while the Senate had held out in opposition until Wednesday.
Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam is expected to sign the budget in coming days that continues the plan. Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of then-President Barack Obama's health care overhaul, and a tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion.
Senate passage came by a 23-17 vote with four Republicans joining Democrats for passage. The House quickly followed about an hour later with a lopsided 67-31 final endorsement.
Wednesday's voting marked the end of a more than four-year battle over whether Virginia should expand the publicly funded health care program for the poor. A fight over Medicaid expansion led to a standoff over the state budget in 2014 and again this year.
Virginia Democrats have pushed for years to expand Medicaid, saying their state should not pass up the roughly $2 billion in extra federal funding the program would bring to the state. Republicans had previously blocked past expansion efforts, saying the long-term costs were unsustainable.
Those arguments were again replayed in the final hours before Virginia's partisan battle was finally ended.
Sen. Ben Chafin, a Republican lawmaker from Virginia's economically depressed southwest coal country, announced his support for expansion on the Senate floor. He said his rural area needed expansion to help bolster its hospitals and provide care for constituents in need.
"I came to the conclusion that no just wasn't the answer anymore," Chafin said.
But several Republican senators remained strongly opposed, saying Medicaid costs would eventually overwhelm the rest of the state's budget needs for schools and public safety.
"This is raising the cost of health care and will do nothing to help the people of Virginia," said GOP Sen. Mark Obenshain.
Expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income families was a key provision of the Affordable Care Act secured by then-President Barack Obama.
A federal-state collaboration originally meant for poor families and severely disabled people, Medicaid has grown to become the largest government health insurance program, now covering 1 in 5 people. Obama's health care overhaul gave states the option of expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income adults.
The GOP-controlled General Assembly's support for Medicaid comes despite Trump administration rejections.
President Donald Trump has vigorously sought to negate his predecessor's health law. Yet ironically, his administration's embrace of work requirements for low-income people on Medicaid prompted lawmakers in some conservative states to resurrect plans to expand health care for the poor.
Last year, Virginia saw its state legislature reshaped by an anti-Trump wave as Democrats made unexpectedly large gains in the state House. And a failure by the GOP-led Congress to repeal and replace the health law helped spur several of Virginia's Republican state legislators to flip positions.
Democrats campaigned heavily on expanding Medicaid last year and some House Republicans were eager to take the issue off the table before next year's election, when both House and Senate seats are up.
Leighton Town started a hectic period with a 2-0 win over Oxhey Jets on Saturday as they kept up the pace in the SSML Premier Division promotion race.
Scott Reynolds' side play nine times in three weeks in a bid to cram all their Premier Division fixtures in before the end of April.
“We are Saturday, Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday... and there will still be a few more to get in!” Reynolds said.
“We're going to be busy boys, but we'll give it everything we have.”
They sit third in the table, 13 points adrift of league leaders Berkhamsted, who they drew 0-0 with last Tuesday, and haven't lost in the Premier Division action since November, when they went down 1-0 to Holmer Green.
And their hopes for promotion were done no harm on Saturday as they brushed aside Oxhey Jets with a fine first half performance.
Goals from Tom Guiney and Lea Coulter ensured Town went in ahead at the break, and they maintained their lead through the second half blizzard as the snow came down heavier all the while, keeping a vital clean sheet too as they picked up all three points.
Town's hectic schedule sees on the road twice this week, when they take on 11th place Hadley away on Tuesday night before a trip to take on Cockfosters, who sit 15th in the league, on Saturday.
AMESBURY, England (AP) — The Latest on the major incident near Salisbury, England, in which two people have been left in a critical condition (all times local):
12:20 p.m.
British police say counterterrorism officers are working with local detectives after two people were sickened by an unknown substance in southwest England.
The Metropolitan Police says "officers from the counterterrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police" on the incident in Amesbury.
Police say a man and a woman in their 40s were hospitalized after being found unconscious at a residential building in Amesbury. The town is eight miles (13 kilometers) from Salisbury, where ex-spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were poisoned with a nerve agent on March 4.
Police say they are keeping an open mind and do not yet know whether a crime has been committed.
___
6 a.m.
British police declared a "major incident" Wednesday after two people were left in critical condition from exposure to an unknown substance a few miles from where a former Russian spy and his daughter were poisoned with a nerve agent.
The Wiltshire Police force said a man and a woman in their 40s were hospitalized after being found unconscious at a residential building in Amesbury, eight miles (13 kilometers) from Salisbury, where Sergei and Yulia Skripal were poisoned on March 4.
Police cordoned off the building and other places the two people visited before falling ill, but health officials said there was not believed to be a wider risk.
The man and woman were hospitalized Saturday at Salisbury District Hospital, where authorities initially believed they might have taken a contaminated batch of heroin or crack cocaine.
"However, further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident," police said. "At this stage, it is not yet clear if a crime has been committed."
Introducing a toddler to their new baby sibling isn't always easy, but in this case, it was hilarious.
Ava, 22 months, came into the room while her mom Ali Lukitsch, a teacher from Trenton, Mich., was feeding her new baby sister Hannah. The tot wasn't quite sure what was going on. First, she told little sister “no biting,” and Mom had to explain what she was doing and that she was getting milk.
That's when Ava wanted to know “where the chocolate milk” at!”
From the mouths of babes…
The video, shot by Ali's sister Stephanie Legut, has been shared thousands of times on social media and new mom Ali — who just gave birth to Hannah on Sunday — says she can hardly believe the reaction. “My husband was just asking how I feel about so many people seeing me and I'm just so focused on Ava … That's just her, in a nutshell, every day, Ali told 98.7 AMP Radio. “We could pop out a million more videos like that. I'm glad that people can see her personality.”
Ava is a regular ‘little Mama' who wants to do everything for the new baby, including helping to feed her, getting her dressed, and playing with her all the time. “It's just like her little live baby doll,” mom Ali said.
So, did she get her chocolate milk?
“She loves chocolate milk, yes she does,” Ali said, laughing. “She asked me again this morning, ‘Is she getting chocolate milk? I had to say ‘No, she's not getting chocolate milk!”
Today in History
Today is Thursday, June 15, the 166th day of 2017. There are 199 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On June 15, 1775, the Second Continental Congress voted unanimously to appoint George Washington head of the Continental Army.
On this date:
In 1215, England's King John put his seal to Magna Carta ("the Great Charter") at Runnymede.
In 1520, Pope Leo X issued a papal bull in which he threatened to excommunicate Martin Luther if he did not recant his religious beliefs, a threat that was carried out the following January.
In 1836, Arkansas became the 25th state.
In 1849, James Polk, the 11th president of the United States, died in Nashville, Tennessee.
In 1904, more than 1,000 people died when fire erupted aboard the steamboat General Slocum in New York's East River.
In 1934, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed an act making the National Guard part of the U.S. Army in the event of war or national emergency.
In 1944, American forces began their successful invasion of Saipan (sy-PAN') during World War II. B-29 Superfortresses carried out their first raids on Japan.
In 1955, the United States and Britain signed a cooperation agreement concerning atomic information for "mutual defence purposes."
In 1967, the war film "The Dirty Dozen" was released by MGM.
In 1977, Spain held its first free elections in four decades; the Union of the Democratic Center won the highest number of seats in the Congress of Deputies.
In 1985, the Shiite Muslim hijackers of a TWA Boeing 727 beat and shot one of their hostages, U.S. Navy diver Robert Stethem (STEE'-them), 23, throwing him out of the plane to die on the tarmac at Beirut airport.
In 1992, during a visit to an elementary school in Trenton, New Jersey, Vice President Dan Quayle, relying on a faulty flash card, erroneously instructed sixth-grader William Figueroa to write "potato" as "potatoe" on a blackboard during a spelling quiz.
Ten years ago: During his ethics trial, a tearful Mike Nifong announced he would resign as district attorney of Durham County, North Carolina, after admitting that he'd made improper statements about three Duke University lacrosse players who were once charged with raping a stripper. (The players were later declared innocent by state prosecutors.) Retired "Price Is Right" host Bob Barker won his 19th Daytime Emmy. In Tulsa, Oklahoma, a crane lifted out a water-damaged 1957 Plymouth Belvedere that had been buried in an underground concrete vault half a century earlier to celebrate 50 years of statehood.
Five years ago: President Barack Obama eased enforcement of immigration laws as he announced a new policy, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA. Republican Mitt Romney launched the next phase of his presidential campaign, kicking off a six-state, small-town bus tour and telling middle-class Americans that President Obama hadn't given them "a fair shot." An armored car heist at the University of Alberta in Canada left three armed guards dead; fellow guard Travis Baumgartner later pleaded guilty to murder charges and was sentenced to life in prison with no chance of parole for 40 years. Daredevil Nik Wallenda became the first person to walk a tightrope across Niagara Falls. (The feat was broadcast live by ABC-TV, which required Wallenda to wear a safety tether.)
One year ago: The interim police chief in Oakland, California, Ben Fairow, was abruptly removed after six days on the job by Mayor Libby Schaaf, who said she had lost confidence in Fairow's ability to lead the department amid a widening sex scandal in which a number of officers allegedly had sex with a teenage prostitute. A public funeral was held in Detroit for hockey legend Gordie Howe, who had died five days earlier at age 88.
Today's Birthdays: Rhythm-and-blues singer Ruby Nash Garnett (Ruby and the Romantics) is 83. Rock singer-actor Johnny Hallyday is 74. Funk musician Leo Nocentelli (The Meters) is 71. Actor Simon Callow is 68. Singer Russell Hitchcock (Air Supply) is 68. Rock singer Steve Walsh is 66. Comedian-actor Jim Belushi is 63. Country singer Terri Gibbs is 63. Actress Julie Hagerty is 62. Actress Polly Draper is 62. Rock musician Brad Gillis (Night Ranger) is 60. Baseball Hall of Famer Wade Boggs is 59. Actress Eileen Davidson is 58. Bluegrass musician Terry Smith is 57. Actress Helen Hunt is 54. Rock musician Scott Rockenfield (Queensryche) is 54. Actress Courteney Cox is 53. Country musician Tony Ardoin is 53. Country musician Michael Britt (Lonestar) is 51. Contemporary Christian musician Rob Mitchell is 51. Rock musician Jimmy McD is 49. Actor-rapper Ice Cube is 48. Actress Leah Remini is 47. Actor Jake Busey is 46. Bluegrass singer-musician Jamie Johnson is 45. Rock musician T-Bone Willy (Save Ferris) is 45. Actor Neil Patrick Harris is 44. Actor Greg Vaughan is 44. Actress Elizabeth Reaser is 42. Rock singer Dryden Mitchell (Alien Ant Farm) is 41. Rock musician Billy Martin (Good Charlotte) is 36. Rock musician Wayne Sermon (Imagine Dragons) is 33. Actor Denzel Whitaker is 27. Olympic gold medal gymnast Madison Kocian is 20. Actress Sterling Jerins is 13.
Thought for Today: "To know is nothing at all; to imagine is everything." — Anatole France, French author (1844-1924).
NEW YORK (AP) — Allen Crabbe and Caris LeVert each scored 22 points and the Brooklyn Nets beat the Memphis Grizzlies 118-115 on Monday night.
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson had 16 points and 12 rebounds, and DeMarre Carroll scored 18 points for the Nets, who have two straight wins for the first time since Jan. 19-21.
Andrew Harrison, who missed Memphis' last nine games due to a right wrist injury, scored 19 points, and Brionte Webber had a career-high 15. The Grizzlies have lost 20 of 21.
Memphis was without Marc Gasol due to flu-like symptoms. The team has lost 15 straight games on the road since a Christmas Eve victory at Sacramento.
Brooklyn trailed 94-87 heading into the fourth quarter before turning it around against the NBA's second-worst team.
Carroll capped a string of three straight 3s to tie it at 97 with 8:45 remaining in the final period. After a three-second defensive technical free throw by Harrison gave the Grizzlies a 101-100 lead with 6:54 left, the Nets scored nine straight points highlighted by LeVert's dunk with 4:07 left to lead 109-101.
Crabbe increased Brooklyn's advantage 116-108 with 38 seconds left, but Memphis made it interesting.
Wayne Selden Jr., who scored 17 points of the bench, hit a 3, and JaMychal Green made a layup to make it 117-115 with 12 seconds left. Spencer Dinwiddie then hit a free throw to extend the Nets' lead to 118-115 with 11 seconds to go before Harrison missed a potential tying 3 with 0.4 seconds remaining.
TIP-INS
Grizzlies: Tyreke Evans (inactive) did not play. He was replaced by Harrison in the starting lineup. … Deyonta Davis started at center in place of Gasol. It was just his third start of the season. … Green had a double-double with 14 points and 16 rebounds.
Nets: Crabbe moved into second place for the most 3-pointers in a season by a player in franchise history. His first 3-pointer of the night gave him 163, passing Joe Johnson. The 25-year-old is now three shies of Deron Williams' record of 169 set during the 2012-13 season.
UP NEXT
Grizzlies: Continue their three-game trip at Philadelphia on Wednesday night.
Nets: Host Charlotte on Wednesday night to close their three-game homestand.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
"Illicit alcohol" was found and seized from 31 different resorts, restaurants and nightclubs in Mexico, ABC News reports.
More than 10,000 gallons of alcohol was found from an unnamed company with "bad manufacturing practices." Some of the alcohol was found at a resort where a 20-year-old Wisconsin woman drowned in January after drinking in the hotel lobby.
Abbey Conner, 20, was pulled from a pool at an Iberostar resort near Playa del Carmen, according to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. After Conner's death, the paper received numerous reports from others who said they got sick and experienced blackouts at resorts in Cancun and Playa del Carmen.
Rick and Diana Neuenschwander of Symmes Township, Ohio said they found tainted alcohol in their margaritas from the Secrets Akumal Riviera Maya resort for a getaway over Independence Day. The resort is close to the resort where Conner drowned.
“It was just a little odd. They were different colors,” Rick said. “We ... just blacked out ... We just don't remember what happened.”
Allegations of tainted or substandard alcohol that resulted in illness or blacking out became serious enough that the State Department updated its Mexico page in July, warning travelers to take extra caution when consuming alcohol.
“We're standing in the pool, got our little floatie out, and we had some drinks. We were drinking some margaritas,” Rick said. “They were blowing bubbles in the pool. You got people dancing. It was Fourth of July in Mexico ... It was a lot of fun.”
Hours after having the "odd"-looking margaritas, Rick said he and Diana regained consciousness in their hotel room. He said they had no memory of what happened.
“We weren't drunk. We were out — completely different. If we stumbled, we have no idea that we stumbled. We don't know what happened,” Rick said, adding that he woke up with scratches on his face and that his wife had bruised shoulders. “My wife felt like she was maybe held down.”
Read more about the Neuenschwander's story in this I-Team report.
Problems found by Mexican authorities included expired alcohol, water leakage, lack of documentation and a lack of disinfectant, the Journal Sentinel reported.
There's no word from officials on criminal charges, any connection to Conner's death, or any efforts to crack-down on alcohol violations, the Journal Sentinel reported.
Getty Image
LaMelo and LiAngelo Ball are headed to Lithuania. After reports began circulating that the youngest Ball brothers were in serious discussions with Prienu Vytautas, the word of their actual signing came down from The Vertical's Shams Charania.
Sources: LaMelo and LiAngelo Ball have turned pro, signing one-year contracts with first division Lithuanian team Vytautas. They will report to the club in early January. — Shams Charania (@ShamsCharania) December 11, 2017
The report was confirmed by ESPN's Jeff Goodman, who spoke to their agent.
Butler earned All-District 9-AAA honors as a sophomore, junior and senior for coach Russ Plummer and the Commandos. She was also a four-year starter at HHS and is the daughter of Josh and Julie Butler.
Fischer was a four-year starter for coach Guy Virgilio at Lakewood Ranch High School in Bradenton, serving as team captain as a senior. She is the daughter of Steve and Nicole Fischer.
Butler and Fischer join Marissa Avnaim (Arcadia, Calif.) and Jennifer Segura (Glendora, Calif.) in this year's recruiting class.
President Duterte on Monday issued interim appointments to four of his Cabinet members who have yet to be confirmed by the powerful Commission on Appointments.
They are Environment Secretary Gina Lopez, Agrarian Reform Secretary Rafael Mariano, Health Secretary Paulyn Ubial, and Social Welfare Secretary Judy Taguiwalo, according to the Office of the Executive Secretary.
Lopez is the most controversial of the four, with her strict stance against the mining industry, which, according to critics, may help save the environment but deal a blow on the country's economy.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Commission on Appointments will resume its hearings when Congress returns on May 2.
Obang Ojullu raced to first-place finishes in both the 110-meter high hurdles (16.49) and the 300-meter intermediates (42.42). Trojan teammate Chris Nelson utilized a strong finishing kick to win the 800-meter run with a time of 2:13.00.
Worthington's 4x200-meter relay team of Eh Kyoo, Alex Baustian, Ojullu and Frank Rogers was first (1:36.14). Later Kyoo, Baustian, Cesar Barralega and Rogers claimed a close victory in the 4x100 (46.62) and the quartet of Emmett Bicket, Stewart Merrigan, Nelsen and Nathan Schuck capped the day with a first-place finish in the 4x400, clocked at 3:42.72.
Redwood Valley won both team titles, racking up 152 points in the boys' meet and scoring 131 points in the girls' division.
Worthington's boys were a close second with 136 points, while the Trojan girls were sixth with 59.5 points.
Trojan Emma Thuringer was second in the girls' 400-meter dash (1:03.48) and two Worthington relay teams finished second. The foursome of Say Ra Paw, Janet Okello, Maria Conteras and Taylor Eggers ran the 4x100 in 56.32 seconds and the 4x400 team of Thuringer, Adamari Rangel, Madisyn Huisman and Sena Uli clocked a time of 4:34.51.
New Ulm finished second in the girls' team standings with 120 points, followed by Windom Area (105), Cedar Mountain/Comfrey (93), Wabasso (70.5), Worthington (59.5), BOLD (58) and Heron Lake-Okabena (49).
CM/C's Vishe' Raab won both the 200 (28.05) and 400 (1:02.43). Cougar teammate Joci Nestande was first in the 100 (13.59).
HL-O's Cheyenne Schaffer ran a strong race from start to finish and won the 800 (2:35.34) after placing second in the high jump (5-0).
New Ulm had a pair of double winners as Olivia Owens won both the high jump (5-4) and triple jump (31-10), while Sarah Longtin was first in the 100-meter high hurdles (17.44) and the pole vault (9-0).
Windom Area's Gracie Bucher utilized a terrific finish to the 1,600 (5:51.61), while teammate Delaney Smith was first in the shot put (37-0) and second in the discus (111-4).
Redwood Valley's Emma Gaffney (discus, 117-10), CM/C's Sydney Hauger (long jump, 14-4), Wabasso's Mikayla Salfer (300-meter low hurdles, 52.91) and New Ulm's Hannah Osborne (3,200, 11:49.43) were other individual winners in the girls' meet.
New Ulm's Jordan Hillesheim won the boys' 100 (11.54) and 200 (23.49), Wabasso's Colton Taylor was first in the 400 (51.55), Redwood Valley's Aaron Boyle won the 1,600 (4:59.29) and Windom Area's John Irwin clocked a winning time of 10:15.26 in the 3,200-meter run.
Irwin anchored the Eagles' first-place 4x800-meter relay (8:39.29). Isaac Tade (second, 400, 52.89), Nickolas Green (second, 800, 2:13.57) and Evan Wiens (third, pole vault, 9-6) ran Windom's first three legs.
Windom's Yanick Tade (pole vault, 11-0), CM/C's Logan Kelly (triple jump, 39-1), RV's Jacob Henjum (high jump, 5-10), BOLD's Evan Peppel (discus, 145-9) and Wabasso's Myles Zeug (shot put, 44-1) were the other individual first-place finishers, along with Hillesheim --- who won a third gold medal by edging RV's Logan Josephson, 19-11.5 to 19-11 in the long jump.
Worthington freshman Adam Koller utilized a blazing finishing kick to finish second in the 1,600 (5:01.41) and Trojan teammate Bryce Olsen placed second in the discus (129-3).
Worthington received third-place performances from Kyoo (100, 11.61), Andrew Huber (3,200, 11:04.15) and New Bu (triple jump, 38-4). The Trojans were third in the 4x800 with the team of Nelsen, Huber, Christian Lietz and Joe Reveles (8:56.34). Lietz later placed a close fourth (right behind Huber) in the 3,200 with a time of 11:04.67.
Uli finished third in the girls' 800, clocked at 2:38.20.
Complete results are available online at athletic.net.
From t-shirts to piles of confetti, there were lots of souvenirs from the Golden State Warriors' victory parade in June, but BART is holding on to an unusual keepsake, and it's one that cost taxpayers a lot of money.The transit agency spent more than $500,000 to buy 40,000 pre-loaded Clipper cards, but only sold about 1,000."It's like, 'better safe than sorry,' but they were way too safe, and now they're sorry," one BART rider said.
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Peloton, the technology company that revolutionized the fitness industry with its category-creating indoor cycling bike and its recently announced Peloton Tread, today announced that Pamela Thomas-Graham has been elected to the company's Board of Directors, effective immediately. Thomas-Graham is a seasoned entrepreneur, executive and long-time public company board member with nearly three decades of experience in the financial services, media and fashion industries.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006292/en/
Pamela Thomas-Graham (Photo: Business Wire)
“Peloton is reinventing the fitness experience in an incredibly innovative way, and I'm honored and thrilled to be joining its Board,” said Thomas-Graham. “As both an executive and a fitness enthusiast, I look forward to working with John Foley, his team and my fellow Board members to help drive the future of this disruptive business.”
Currently, Thomas-Graham is the Founder and CEO of Dandelion Chandelier LLC, a private digital media enterprise reporting on luxury goods and services. Prior to that, she spent over six years with Credit Suisse, where she was the first female member of the bank's Executive Board; Chief Marketing and Talent Officer; and Head of Private Banking and Wealth Management New Markets.
Before assuming leadership roles in financial services, Thomas-Graham served as a Group President at Liz Claiborne (subsequently Kate Spade & Company, now part of Tapestry), where she was responsible for the P&L of 18 global apparel brands.
Previously, Thomas-Graham spent six years at NBCUniversal, where she served as President and Chief Executive Officer of CNBC.com and, later, as global Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of CNBC Television. She began her career at global consulting firm McKinsey & Company in 1989, and became the firm's first African-American female partner in 1995. She was named one of the “Top 10 Consultants in America” by Consulting Magazine in 1999. As a consultant she worked on strategy and operational issues with clients in consumer packaged goods, media and retail.
“Pamela's insight and perspective will be a welcome addition to our already impressive Board,” said Peloton CEO and Co-founder John Foley. “Her extensive experience across a variety of consumer businesses--from finance to beauty to media--will help us immensely as we continue to innovate and grow.”
Thomas-Graham holds Bachelor of Arts in Economics; Master of Business Administration; and Doctor of Law degrees from Harvard University. Since 2005, she has served on the board of The Clorox Company (NYSE: CLX), and currently serves as its Lead Independent Director. In December 2017, she joined the board of N.T. Butterfield & Sons Bank (NASDAQ: NTB), a full service bank and wealth manager headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda.
About Peloton
Founded in 2012, Peloton is revolutionizing the fitness industry by merging high design with modern technology to provide access to live and on-demand fitness group classes led by elite NYC instructors. With instant access to classes, performance tracking metrics and a motivating real-time leaderboard, Peloton is changing the way people get fit through a comprehensive and socially connected experience that makes every workout both efficient and addictive. Peloton is sold online and in a growing number of showrooms across the US. For more information, visit www.onepeloton.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006292/en/
CONTACT: Media:
Peloton:
Michael Braun, (212) 334-0333
peloton@id-pr.com
or
Jessica Kleiman, (646) 829-1633
press@onepeloton.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NEW YORK
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: OTHER SPORTS LUXURY HEALTH FITNESS & NUTRITION HOME GOODS GENERAL SPORTS RETAIL SPECIALTY OTHER RETAIL SPORTS GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: Peloton
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 02:45 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 02:45 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006292/en
When Oakman Inns was founded 12 years ago by its CEO, Peter Borg-Neal, his vision was that he would not only create a highly-regarded, very successful business but that Oakman Inns would be a sustainable organisation that would contribute to its local community rather than exploit it.
Oakman, which runs the White Hart in Ampthill, is ditching plastic straws this weekend.
Peter Borg-Neal CEO of Oakman Inns
As the company's many awards and accolades testify, Oakman has consistently achieved those aims. However, over the years that vision has broadened to encompass a much more holistic approach to sustainability and the Oakman team always believes there is more to do.
Which is why Mr Borg-Neal and his colleagues are launching their own BAN THE STRAW campaign - #banthestraw - on Earth Day this Saturday April 22, declaring “we believe straws suck”.
The company currently uses over 100,000 plastic straws a month across its 17-strong group. While the company is highly-rated by The Sustainable Restaurant Association for its many green policies including plastic, glass and container recycling, the sheer number of straws consumed had begun to be a concern.
“Our monthly straw consumption sounds enormous, but compared to the estimated 500m straws that are used and discarded in the USA every day, it's still a hugely dangerous and an everlasting drop in the ocean. And that is rather the point, “explains Peter. “It sounds ridiculous, but it is entirely accurate to say, that every plastic straw that was ever made, still exists today. They pollute landfills, rivers, roadsides, sewers, beaches and of course oceans and this relatively small amount that this pub group is taking out of circulation, needs to be repeated by every one of my colleagues across the hospitality industry.”
If customers ask for a straw, they will, of course, be offered an eco-friendly alternative, as Oakman is entirely sympathetic to their customers' wishes.
Alex Ford, Oakman's operations director, said; “From 2020, all plastic cutlery and plates will be banned in France. Bangladesh was the first country in the world in 2002 to ban plastic shopping bags and California banned single-use plastic bags in 2014. Yes, the UK has introduced a charge for plastic carrier bags and has banned microbeads, the tiny plastic balls used in cosmetics and cleaning products, but I believe we all have to do more. Because pretty soon, every fish we eat will have ingested some plastic and that will become a truly global environmental disaster that will probably be impossible to solve.”
Peter added: “At Oakman we try to live by our values every day, and we hope that those values and our commitment to sustainability means that everyone here is contributing to a better future for us all.”
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
STACEY VANEK SMITH, HOST:
People in Charlottesville are remembering the 32-year-old woman who died yesterday at a counterprotest following a white supremacist rally. Today, police identified her as Heather Heyer. As we mentioned, she was killed when a suspected white supremacist allegedly drove his car into a crowd of people. Mallory Noe-Payne from member station WVTF has the story.
MALLORY NOE-PAYNE, BYLINE: At the site where Heather Heyer died, people came all day, delivering candles, notes of sympathy and flowers. Heyer worked in Charlottesville as a paralegal. Leaving work Friday with her friend and co-worker Courtney Commander, they debated whether to go to this weekend's rally at all.
COURTNEY COMMANDER: She said to us many times, like, I want go so bad, but I just don't want to die. I'm so scared because these people are so serious. And she was the only one that lost her life. I just feel so bad.
NOE-PAYNE: Commander says, while Heyer had never protested before, she always spoke up.
COMMANDER: Heather denounced any type of discrimination, not just racism. She stood up for gay rights and - just anything that she felt like was wrong, she stood for.
NOE-PAYNE: Heyer grew up just north of Charlottesville. Justin Marks first met her in high school.
JUSTIN MARKS: She had the biggest sense of humor, her wit was unparalleled, she could debate anyone under the table, and she had an answer for everything. She was just awake.
NOE-PAYNE: Back at the memorial site, Abby and Eric Carter drove an hour to deliver a handmade bouquet. He didn't know Heyer, but he was still emotional.
ERIC CARTER: She's all of us. We know - I mean, the people who are here right now who are coming and driving by slowly, paying homage. This is all of us. This is America.
NOE-PAYNE: 19 other people were injured in the incident that killed Heyer. James Fields, the alleged driver, has been charged with murder and has his first appearance in court tomorrow. For NPR News, I'm Mallory Noe-Payne in Charlottesville. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
Building a slide deck, pitch, or presentation? Here are the big takeaways:
IBM launched IBM Watson Data Kits, designed to speed the development of AI applications in the enterprise.
Enterprise AI apps created with IBM Watson Data Kits have the potential to aid in faster, more informed decision making for business leaders.
On Tuesday, IBM launched IBM Watson Data Kits, designed to speed the development of artificial intelligence (AI) applications in the enterprise. These apps have the potential to aid in faster, more informed decision making for business leaders, according to a press release.
"Watson Data Kits will provide companies across industries with pre-enriched, machine readable, industry-specific data that can enable them to scale AI across their business," the release said.
In Q2, Watson Data Kits will become available for the travel, transportation, and food industries, with kits for travel points of interest and food menus. Kits tailored for additional industries are also expected in the coming months, the release noted.
SEE: The Power of IoT and Big Data (Tech Pro Research)
More than half of data scientists said they spend most of their time on janitorial tasks, such as cleaning and organizing data, labeling data, and collecting data sets, according to a CrowdFlower report, making it difficult for business leaders to implement AI technology at scale. Streamlining and accelerating the development process for AI engineers and data scientists will help companies more quickly gain insights from their data, and drive greater business value, according to IBM.
"Big data is fueling the cognitive era. However, businesses need the right data to truly drive innovation," Kristen Lauria, general manager of Watson media and content, said in the release. "IBM Watson Data Kits can help bridge that gap by providing the machine-readable, pre-trained data companies require accelerating AI development and lead to a faster time to insight and value. Data is hard, but Watson can make it easier for stakeholders at every level, from CIOs to data scientists."
The Watson Data Kit for travel points of interest will offer airlines, hotels, and online travel agencies with more than 300,000 points of interest in 100 categories, to create better experiences for travelers, according to the release. Companies in the travel and transportation industry can use the kits to build AI-powered web and mobile apps to help users find information on points of interest in a given area. For example, the release noted, a hospitality company could use the data kit to train AI powering its chatbot to recommend personalized destinations based on a customer's individual preferences.
Meanwhile, the Watson Data Kit for food menus includes 700,000 menus in 21,000 US cities, according to the release. This will offer AI developers content for apps that can help users filter menu items, types of food, locations, and price points. The kit allows developers to build in side-by-side comparisons of menu choices and prices. For example, the release noted, the kit could be integrated into a car's navigation system to provide voice-activated directions to the closest bakery that sells gluten-free muffins.
Stay up to date on all the latest big data news. Click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Big Data Essentials newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
Champions: Klopp set to take Liverpool Kop to top
Champions: Klopp set to take Liverpool Kop to top
It is not any team that takes apart FC Porto and Roma 5-0, although tonight Roma took advantage of the final minutes and came back with a brace. Jurgen Klopp has brought Liverpool FC to the very top of European soccer and it seems that while he is there, the Kop is set to stay at the Top.
Semi-finals First Leg
Liverpool 5 Roma 2
Mohamed Salah 36, 45+1
Sadio Mané 56 Edin Dzeko 81 Diego Perotti 85 (pen.)
Roberto Firmino 61, 69
Second Leg May 2
Playing tomorrow
Bayern Munich Real Madrid
Second Leg May 1
Thursday: Europa League Semi-Finals First Leg
Arsenal Atlético
Marseille Salzburg
Second Leg May 3
Photo: By Ruaraidh Gillies - The revamped Main Stand Anfield, CC BY-SA 2.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=56997857
Champions League Quarter finals
Real Madrid 1 Juventus 3
Ronaldo 90 + 8 (pen.) Mandzukic 2, 37 Matuidi 61
First leg
Juve 0 Real Madrid 3
Ronaldo 3, 64 Marcelo 72
Bayern Munich 0 Sevilla 0 Aggregate 2-1
First Leg
Sevilla 1 Bayern Munich 2
Sarabia 31 Jesus Navas 37 (o.g.) Thiago Alcântara 68
Champions: Barcelona in shock exit, Klopp rules
Who would have said that Roma would stun Barcelona with three goals without reply? They did and Roma is in the semi-finals of the Champions League, along with Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool which beat Manchester City away 2-1, winning 5-1 on aggregate. Guardiola wins the Premiership this season. Next?
Manchester City 1 Liverpool FC 2
Jesus 2 Salah 56 Firmino 77
Liverpool 3 Manchester City 0
Salah 12
Oxlade-Chamberlain 21
Mané 31
Roma 3 Barcelona 0 Roma win on away goals (Aggregate 4-4)
Dzeko 6
De Rossa 58 (pen.)
Manolas 82
Barcelona 4 Roma 1
De Rossi o.g. Manolas o.g. Piquè 59 Luís Suárez 87
Previous round
Besiktas 1 Bavaria 3 First Leg 0-5 Aggregate 1-8
Vagner Love 59 Thiago Alcântara 18, Gökhan Könül 46 (o.g.), Wagner 84
Barcelona 3 Chelsea 0 First Leg 1-1 Aggregate: 4-1
Messi 3, 63
Dembélé 20
Manchester United 1 Sevilla 2 First Leg 0-0 Aggregate 1-2
R. Lukaku 84 Ben Yedder 74, 78
Roma 1 Shakhtar Donetsk 0 First Leg 1-2
Dzeko 52
Manchester City 1 Basel 2 First Leg 4-0 Aggregate 5-2
Jesus 8 Elyounoussi 17, M. Lang 71
Tottenham 1 Juventus 2 First Leg 2-2 Aggregate 3-4
Son 39 Higuaín 64, Dybala 67
Liverpool 0 FC Porto 0 First Leg 5-0 Aggregate 5-0
Paris SG 1 Real Madrid 2 First Leg 1-3 Aggregate 2-5
Cavani 71 Ronaldo 51
Casemiro 80
First Legs
Wednesday February 21
Shakhtar Donetsk 2 Roma 1
Ferreyra 52 Cengiz Ünder 41
Fred 71
Sevilla 0 Manchester United 0
Second Leg March 13
Tuesday February 20
Bavaria 5 Besiktas 0
Müller 43, 66
Coman 53
Lewandowski 79, 88
Chelsea 1 Barcelona 1
Willian 62 Messi 75
Second Leg March 14
Wednesday February 14
Real Madrid 3 Paris SG 1
Rabiot 33
Ronaldo 45 (p) 83
Marcelo 86
FC Porto 0 Liverpool FC 5
Mane 25, 53, 85
Salah 29
Firmino 89
Second Leg March 6
Tuesday February 13
Basel 0 Manchester City 4
Gündogan 14, 53; Bernardo Silva 18; Agüero 23
The scoreline speaks for itself. Guardiola has established his tiki-taka at City and his belief that ball possession means that the other team has to work harder and run faster and exhaust themselves, then becoming physically and emotionally destroyed with the defeat, is making its mark in the Premiership and for City, the first time in Europe. The team to beat.
Juventus 2 Tottenham Hotspur 2
Higuain (2,9 pens) Kane 35, Eriksen 71
62 per cent ball possession for Spurs, game-maker Eriksen
Spurs are on a roll
Second Leg March 7
Champions League
According to the UEFA club coefficients, the following clubs should pass to the last 8: Manchester City, Bayern München, Barcelona, Juventus, Sevilla, Shakhtar Donetsk, FC Porto, Real Madrid.
Club - Country - UEFA Ranking
Basel (Switzerland) 18 v. Manchester City (England) 8
Bayern München (Germany) 3 v. Besiktas (Turkey) 23
Chelsea (England) 12 v. Barcelona (Spain) 2
Juventus (Italy) 5 v. Tottenham Hotspur (England) 19
Sevilla (Spain) 7 v. Manchester United (England) 11
Shakhtar Donetsk (Ukraine) 15 v. Roma (Italy) 25
FC Porto (Portugal) 9 v. Liverpool (England) 31
Real Madrid (Spain) 1 v. PSG (France) 6
Europa League Quarter Finals
CSKA did not manage to turn the game around, neither did Sport but Salzburg and Marseille did. Arsenal and Atlético join them in the semis.
Second Legs
Marseille (France) 5 Leipzig (Germany) 2 Aggregate 5-3
Ilsanker 6 (o.g.) Bruma 2 Augustin 55
Sarr 9 Thauvin 36
Payet 60 Sakai 90+4
When Bruma scored on 2', Leipzig was winning the tie 2-0 after the 1-0 home victory. At the end of the first half, Marseille was 3-2 up. Augustin scored for the visitors on 55', equalling the tie and in the event of the draw, Leipzig was winning (away goals). Payet sealed the victory and Sakai confirmed without any hope of recovery for Leipzig on 94'.
CSKA Moskva (Russia) 2 Arsenal (England) 2 Aggregate 3-6
Chalov 39 Nababkin 50 Welbeck 75 Ramsey 90+2
When Nababkin scored CSKA's second on 50', the Moscow side had pulled back to 3-4 and needed one goal without reply. Arsène Wenger's experience and experienced side proved too wily in the rest of the second half. But CSKA goes out with heads held high.
Sporting CP (Portugal) 1 Atlético Madrid (Spain) 0 Aggregate 1-2
Montero 28
When Montero scored on 28', Sporting CP thought they could turn this around. It was not to be. Despite internal problems caused by stresses between the President, players and fans, Sporting presents itself today as a serious contender on the European stage. This year it will not win the Portuguese Premier League but is vastly improved under Jorge Jesus, the manager and let it be said, the policies of the President, Bruno do Carvalho, have left the club stonger in financial terms. If the President could be more of a President and less of a fan...
Salzburg (Austria) 4 Lazio (Italy) 1 Aggregate 6-5
Immobile 55
Dabbur 56, Haidara 72,
Hwang 74
Lainer 76
When Immobile scored on 55', Lazio were 5-2 up and Salzburg needed to score four goals without reply in 35 minutes. They did so in 20!
First Legs
Leipzig (Germany) 1 Marseille (France) 0
Werner 45+1
Arsenal (England) 4 CSKA Moskva (Russia) 1
Ramsey 9, 28 Golovin 15
Lacazette 23 (pen.) 35
Atlético Madrid (Spain) 2 Sporting CP (Portugal) 0
Koke 1
Griezmann 40
Lazio (Italy) 4 Salzburg (Austria) 2
Lulic 8 V. Berisha 30 (pen.)
Parolo 49 Minamino 71
Felipe Anderson 74
Immobile 76
Second Leg: April 12
Europa League Round of 16: CSKA through
Second Leg
Arsenal (England) 3 Milan (Italy) 1 Agg. 5-1
Salzburg (Austria) 0 Dortmund (Germany) 0 Agg. 2-1
Lyon (France) 2 CSKA Moskva (Russia) 3 Agg. 3-3 CSKA wins on away goals
Lokomotiv Moskva (Russia) 1 Atlético (Spain) 5 Agg. 1-8
Plzen (Czech Republic) 2 Sporting CP (Portugal) 1 Agg. 2-3
Athletic (Spain) 1 Marseille (France) 2 Agg. 2-5
Zenit (Russia) 1 Leipzig (Germany) 1 Agg. 2-3
Dinamo Kiev 0 Lazio (Italy) 2 Agg. 2-4
Matches played on March 8 and 15
First Leg
Milan (Italy) 0 Arsenal (England) 2
Dortmund (Germany) 1 Salzburg (Austria) 2
CSKA Moskva (Russia) 0 Lyon (France) 1
Atlético (Spain) 3 Lokomotiv Moskva (Russia) 0
Sporting CP (Portugal) 2 Plzen (Czech Republic) 0
Marseille (France) 3 Athletic (Spain) 1
Leipzig (Germany) 2 Zenit (Russia) 1
Lazio (Italy) 2 Dinamo Kyiv (Ukraine) 2
Previous games in both competitions
http://www.pravdareport.com/news/society/27-02-2018/140194-one_week_uefa-0/
Photo
By Stephan Hoogerwaard - 24.JPG, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=23371397
Transcript for Clock ticking for both sides in court fight over Trump lawyer's documents
Sanders in the briefing room. Nex tonight, there are R developments involving the president's former attorney and friend,ichael Cohen. Attorneys giving him adeadline in the case, and re's ABC's Kyra phis. Reporter: The clock now officialicking in the fight over millions of documents seized in those ids of ident trump's personal torney, Michael Cohen. High stakes on both sides. E judge today giving Cohen until June 15th to get through 3.7 million ments seized I those raids to make their case for attorney/client prige. But Cohen's attorneying they L need to get through two-thirds of that material.today, pleading re time. Have people sleeping on couches. We king around clock." The government also under pressure to build their case. Prosecutors today revealing for E first time that among items seized in thoseraids,en's shredder. Normally, W we shred document think they're gone. UT they're not. If they're in strips, you can pu them back together and poteially find new criminal Ence. Reporter: Other potential evidence secret tape recording S. Michael avenat srmy Daniels' ey, argues they could be explosive. They are goi pose host of problems for Michael Cohen and for the president. Reporter: Avenatti appeared in court, but withdrew his quest to join case after receiving aft slapdown from the judge. "You will not be able to use this court as a platfo Reporter: If Cohen doesn't meet that juneth Dene, the VI all this material will be L the government, and they wave toide ify hav a criminal case against preside trump's long-time lawyernd fixer,hael Cohen. David? Kyra Phillips live in washington.kyra, thank
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
They are a flashpoint of debate. Should we honor those who many says is the symbolism of slavery.
Just this summer, a third Confederate memorial was taken down in New Orleans. The General P.T.G. Beauregard monument came down in the middle of the night. Workers who removed the statue did so in face-concealing gear.
Snipers stood by for their protection.
Our research shows there are confederate monuments all over the United States.
In fact, at least 22 states have some type of monument.
Not all of the monuments are from shortly after the civil war era; some are much more recent and less than a decade old.
These photos are from the 2007 Confederate monument unveiled in Georgetown, Delaware.
The internet is full of photos of other monuments dedicated just a few years ago. This website shows a 2010 dedication. Confederate heritage groups dedicated a memorial in Sierra Vista, Arizona, near the Mexico border.
That same year, a monument to mark 150 years since the south officially announced it wanted to secede from the Union, was proposed in South Carolina. It was never built.
On Saturday, the mayor of Lexington, Kentucky announced he wants to take down two monuments to Confederate soldiers.
In a tweet Saturday about the monuments In Lexington, he said, "We cannot let them define our future."
ATLANTA (WJHL/AP) – ESPN is reporting two-time WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair has been placed in a medically induced coma, while he awaits surgery.
ESPN cited a WWE representative confirmed it this afternoon.
Melinda Morris Zanoni confirmed a report on Saturday that the 68-year-old Flair had been hospitalized, and stated he was admitted for routine monitoring. Zanoni provided an update early Monday, asking for “prayers & positive energy” because Flair has “tough medical issues.”
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues🙏🏻 — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
Just hearing all this news about @RicFlairNatrBoy sending every ounce energy to #TheMan and asking that all of you do the same #NeverGiveUp — John Cena (@JohnCena) August 14, 2017
Known for his flamboyant outfits and “Nature Boy” nickname, Flair made his professional debut in 1972 and was inducted into the World Wrestling Entertainment Hall of Fame in 2008.
Associated Press contributed to this report.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- The three-day miaohui (廟會) or temple festival held by the Bangka Qingshan Temple (艋舺青山宮) in which the King of Qingshan (青山靈安尊王) toured Taipei's Wanhua District, concluded on Saturday (Dec. 9).
The annual Bangka Qingshan Temple festival started in 1905 and is one the three largest in the city of Taipei. The three-day pilgrimage, which includes both night and day patrols, is held to drive away evil spirits and honor the Taoist deity the King of Qingshan, who is said to have rid Wanhua of the plague hundreds of years ago. The god was originally brought with Chinese immigrants during the Qing Dynasty to Taipei from Quanzhou in Fujian province.
The following are photos taken during the last day of the festival on Saturday.
Bangka Qingshan Temple Eight General Retinue
Female retinue that travel with Bajiajiang (Eight Generals).
The incense that burns on the back of their heads signifies that they are possessed by a spirit.
Living embodiment of King of Qingshan
A young boy is selected to represent the living embodiment of the King of Qingshan.
He is surrounded by the Bajiajiang, the temple's top guardians to protect him.
Extremely rare sighting of the Yinyang diety. This is the first time he has appeared at the festival in 30 years.
Qingshan Wang
Wooden statue representing the King of Qingshan, which is paraded through the streets of Wanhua on all three days.
Sedan which carries the King of Qingshan.
Bangka Qingshan Temple
The interior of the top floor of the Qingshan Temple.
Each floor of the temple houses different deities, with the top floor containing the Jade Emperor.
Dragon keeping watch on a roof of Qingshan Temple.
Festival dancers
To provide entertainment for the gods and to attract the younger generation, dancers in skimpy outfits on stage have become another attraction at the festival.
Dancers tease the crowd members with the promise of a free poster to those who raise their hands.
Young women dressed in revealing kimonos to also entertain the gods and attract attention.
Bajiajiang Spiritual Warriors
Procession of Bajiajiang as they prepare to perform.
Video of nighttime ceremony shot by Erik Schicketanz on Dec. 8.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump will be meeting with the families of the victims of a Texas school shooting during a visit to the state Thursday.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders made the announcement at the White House briefing Wednesday.
Eight students and two substitute teachers were killed during the shooting at Santa Fe High School on May 18.
The president will be traveling to Houston and Dallas on Thursday.
Supporters of one long-shot bid to make California an independent nation ended their effort on Monday, while another group said it will launch a new campaign for a statewide vote next year.
The drive to make the nation's most populous state its own country, with what would be the world's sixth-largest economy, has drawn extra interest after last year's election of Republican Donald Trump as president.
But the Yes California Independence Campaign faltered after its president, Louis Marinelli, revealed ties to Russia. Marinelli said in a lengthy message to supporters Monday that he is seeking permanent residence in Russia because of his "frustration, disappointment and disillusionment with the United States."
The secretary of state's office confirmed that Marcus Ruiz Evans, the group's vice president, withdrew the California Nationhood ballot measure.
Evans said he was leaving the Yes California group and joining the California Freedom Coalition, which he described as a grassroots organizing effort that evolved since last year's election.
The coalition plans to file its own ballot measure in coming weeks, without the baggage of Marinelli's Russian ties, said Steve Gonzales, the new group's secretary-treasurer and board member.
"It prevented Yes California from getting any serious money, I can tell you that," Gonzales said, noting that he is a native Californian who has never been to Russia. The group will accept no foreign money, and contributions from other states must be cleared by the coalition's board, he said.
The coalition would need to collect more than 585,000 signatures to qualify a ballot measure declaring California's independence for the November 2018 ballot. The measure is still being written, Gonzales said.
Congress and 38 states would have had to agree to change the U.S. Constitution to permit California to actually secede.
Marinelli said Yes California had fewer than 97,500 registered supporters. About 8,500 signed up as volunteers, but only about 1,200 had contributed money.
Prior to Trump's election, the group had fewer than 100 volunteers, Marinelli said, and the group received a social media boost with Trump's election.
Marinelli and Evans said California's overwhelming support of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and measures legalizing recreational marijuana and reducing crime penalties showed how far California voters were removed from the rest of the nation.
They also equated the movement to last year's decision by the United Kingdom to leave the European Union, dubbed Brexit. California, with its 39 million residents, is often compared to a nation.
Their withdrawn ballot measure would have allowed voters to repeal a part of the state Constitution saying that California is an inseparable part of the United States next year, but left the question of whether California should become a separate country to a future ballot.
Both Marinelli and Evans claimed credit for starting the Calexit campaign.
Marinelli cited his struggle with U.S. officials since 2012 over his wife's immigration status. He praised California officials for their attempts to shield immigrant residents from deportation and said his wife now has her green card.
When California one day becomes independent, Marinelli wrote, "I shall look forward with great satisfaction to return to California and to live once again under our bear flag."
British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating three allegations against the former "House of Cards" star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify him by name but said Wednesday that detectives had received a total of five allegations of sexual assault and one of assault against a man.
Five of the alleged offenses took place in London between 1996 and 2008, and the sixth in the western English city of Gloucester in 2013.
Spacey, a two-time Oscar winner, has been accused of sexual assault and inappropriate behavior by numerous men since American actor Anthony Rapp alleged last year that Spacey had climbed on top of him on a bed when Rapp was 14 and Spacey 26.
After Rapp's allegation, London's Old Vic theater, where Spacey was artistic director for 11 years until 2015, launched an investigation into its former leader. The theater said in November that it had received 20 allegations of inappropriate behavior by Spacey, and had encouraged 14 of the complainants to go to the police.
Spacey apologized to Rapp in October for "deeply inappropriate drunken behavior" and later released a statement saying he was seeking unspecified treatment. He has not commented on the other allegations.
In the wake of the allegations he was fired from political drama "House of Cards" and erased from Ridley Scott feature "All the Money in the World." The film "Billionaire Boys Club," a financial drama Spacey shot in 2015, is due for release this summer.
An Iranian missile boat pointed a laser at a U.S. Marine helicopter while two Navy warships and a cargo ship were transiting out of the Persian Gulf through the Strait of Hormuz on Tuesday, a senior American defense official said, according to Fox News.
The laser triggered a response and the U.S. helicopter automatically fired off flares toward the offending vessel.
Ontario's fire marshal is investigating a fire at a low-rise apartment building in Wallaceburg Sunday that displaced two dozen families.
Chatham-Kent firefighters used their ladder truck to rescue at least 12 people from their balconies when fire broke out at an apartment building at 800 Wallace Street.
Firefighters helped move everyone from the building. Animal control assisted with removing pets, the department said on Twitter Sunday.
No injuries have been reported.
#CKFES still on scene at 800 Wallace in #Wallaceburg. Everyone has evacuated the building. Firefighters have rescued at least 12 people from balconies. pic.twitter.com/2ALLu5ki8R — CK Fire Department (@ckfiredept) March 18, 2018
Displaced families were taken to the Moose Lodge in Wallaceburg, a couple blocks away from the apartment building.
The fire marshal's office has been called in to investigate. The provincial agency investigates all fatal fires and ones that are suspicious, explosive-related, linked to drug activity or have a damage estimate of more than $500,000.
SALEM, Ore. (AP) — An Army veteran who was shot during a confrontation inside a Veterans Affairs clinic in Oregon where he went to seek help for mental problems was in jail Tuesday, charged with attempted assault, unlawful use of a weapon, menacing and other crimes.
Gilbert "Matt" Negrete allegedly displayed a knife Thursday after arriving at the clinic in White City, where he had an appointment. The Jackson County Sheriff's Office said VA police tried "less-lethal force options" to disarm Negrete before one of the officers fired, hitting him in the chest. Negrete, 34, was flown to a hospital in nearby Medford. No one else was injured.
Negrete was released from the hospital Saturday and is in the county jail with bail set at $250,000, Deputy District Attorney Laura Cromwell told The Associated Press. Negrete was arraigned Monday via a video hookup from jail, Cromwell said. He is being provided with a public defender.
Authorities will convene a grand jury later this week which will determine whether to indict Negrete, Cromwell said in a telephone interview. She anticipates that his attorney will urge the grand jury to take Negrete's military history into account. At least five of seven jurors must concur for the case to move forward.
The grand jury will also review the police officer's actions. A grand jury is convened every time there is an officer-involved shooting in the county, Cromwell said.
Negrete's service record, obtained by The AP from the U.S. Army Human Resources Command at Fort Knox, Kentucky, shows that Negrete served in Iraq for one year starting in October 2008 and then in Afghanistan from October 2010 to August 2011. He was awarded the Army Achievement Medal, which the government says is issued for a soldier who "distinguished himself or herself by meritorious service or achievement ... while serving in a non-combat area," as well as more routine medals and ribbons.
He was in the Army from February 2008 to December 2011 and the Army Reserve from September 2012 until February 2016, and reached the rank of private first class, the service record said.
Negrete's wife, Alyss Maio, from whom he is estranged, told the Mail Tribune newspaper of Medford that he was a helicopter electrician, diagnostician and technician with the 10th Mountain Division and received an honorable discharge. She said she first noticed Negrete's mental health problems after he returned from Iraq.
"He wasn't like this before he deployed," she said. "Within 30 days of his coming home, it was very clear he had changed."
Negrete's father, Gilbert, said he drove his son to the VA clinic to get treatment for paranoid delusions that led him to believe he was being monitored and watched, the Mail Tribune reported.
"We've been trying to get him in there forever," the father said. "I didn't take him there to get shot."
He described his son's knife as a paring knife.
"It's a tiny little knife, but I'm sure to them it looked huge," he said.
The sheriff's office said Negrete had a run-in with the law days before he was shot.
Police arrested Negrete on Jan. 23 on charges of driving under the influence of a controlled substance and attempting to elude police. He was released from jail the following day due to overcrowding. The sheriff's office said a man believed to be Negrete then tried to get his car from an impound lot and allegedly threatened an employee with a knife.
The next day he came for his appointment at the VA clinic.
___
AP investigative researcher Randy Herschaft in New York contributed to this story.
___
Follow Andrew Selsky on Twitter at https://twitter.com/andrewselsky
On Lok is providing innovative ways to help elders thrive in the Bay Area.On Lok is a family of community-based, not-for-profit organizations whose mission is to enable seniors to maintain a quality of life that lets them live in their communities where they can lead independent, active lives for as long as possible.Like many great organizations, On Lok began with an idea. In 1971, dentist Dr.William Gee and social worker Marie-Louise Ansak saw that traditional models of health care in San Francisco were not meeting the needs of elderly in the community. They created one of the country's first senior day health care centers, providing older adults in the Chinatown, North Beach and Lower Nob Hill neighborhoods of San Francisco hot meals, health and social services and supervision during the daytime, while allowing them to return to their homes in the evening.Our founders understood that seniors wanted to live at home while aging and needed medical and social support in order to do so. In response to this need, Mrs. Ansak designed a comprehensive system of health and social care based on the British day hospital model that allowed people to receive care while living at home. Starting with these basic principles, Mrs. Ansak and Dr. Gee created On Lok - Cantonese for "peaceful, happy home".From the beginning, On Lok has been committed to innovating new ways to care for the frail elderly. Our founders worked tirelessly to promote the idea of care at home, and raised funds in the community. Through the mid-1970s, the day center model evolved, adding in-home support services, then primary care services and case management of acute and chronic health services to help people remain living in the community.After a Medicare-funded demonstration project in 1979, On Lok's model received waivers from the Medicare and Medicaid programs in 1983.On Lok's innovative spirit introduced a new financing method for long-term care. In exchange for fixed monthly payments from Medicare and Medicaid for each enrollee, On Lok was responsible for delivering a full range of health and long-term care services, including hospital and nursing home care - bearing full financial risk. In 1986, Congressional legislation made On Lok's waivers permanent and authorized similar waivers for community-based organizations replicating the model. Following these milestones, On Lok began attracting the support of major foundations and organizations to test whether the model could be replicated in other communities. The program that On Lok pioneered became known as Program of All-inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE). Based on the vision and hard work of the co-founders, PACE expanded into a nationally replicated program.As the needs of the seniors in the Bay Area grew, so did On Lok. In 1995, 30th Street Senior Center became part of the On Lok family of senior services, providing multi-lingual and multi-cultural services to active San Francisco seniors. On Lok's commitment to serve Bay Area seniors resulted in the PACE program expanding with new centers, first within San Francisco, then later to the East and South Bay. In 2006, the On Lok's PACE program took on a new brand name - On Lok Lifeways.Starting as a noble idea to serve the elderly over 40 years ago, On Lok has grown to a family of community-based, not-for-profit organizations whose mission is to enable seniors to maintain a quality of life that lets them live in their communities where they can lead independent, active lives. With its strong foundational values and leadership, On Lok is poised to carry on that mission for years to come.e for more information.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Someone has been posing as a cop and ripping off people that he met through Craigslist, police say. He's even accused of groping a woman during one incident.
In February, the man — described by authorities as Asian, and between 22 and 27-years-old — met a 24-year-old woman at Columbus Ave and West 63rd Street after responding to an ad for a pair of cell phones.
The man took the phones, displayed a badge, and groped the woman's breast before taking off in a white four-door sedans.
Just over two months later on April 15, the man met a 16-year-old boy in front of 200 Eastern Parkway, again for an apparent cell phone sale. The suspect displayed a badge, and told the victim he was a police officer, before taking off in a white four-door sedans.
Most recently on June 3, the man identified himself as a cop to a 23-year-old man he had met on Craigslist before grabbing his phone and taking off in a white sedan with New Jersey license plates.
Anyone with information regarding this incident has been asked to call the NYPD's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS (8477) or for Spanish, 1-888-57-PISTA (74782). The public can also submit their tips by logging onto the Crime Stoppers website at http://www.nypdcrimestoppers.com or by texting their tips to 274637 (CRIMES) and entering TIP577.
LANSING, Mich. (AP) — State Attorney General Bill Schuette is asking Michigan State University for emails and text messages related to Larry Nassar, an initial salvo in his investigation into how the college handled complaints against the longtime campus sports doctor who was sentenced to decades in prison last week for sexually assaulting female athletes.
In a letter released Monday, Schuette and his special independent counsel, William Forsyth, requested the communications of 20 current and former school officials, including the entire eight-member governing board of trustees and President Lou Anna Simon and athletic director Mark Hollis — who both quit last week after Nassar's sentencing.
Also being sought by Feb. 9 are records related to three people who have been under heightened scrutiny since Nassar was fired in September 2016: longtime gymnastics coach Kathie Klages, who retired last February after being suspended for defending Nassar in a team meeting; sports medicine doctor Brooke Lemmen, who resigned in January 2017 amid allegations that she did not tell the university in 2015 that Nassar was being investigated by USA Gymnastics after the school had cleared him in a 2014 Title IX probe; and William Strampel, the former dean of the College of Osteopathic Medicine who began a leave of absence for medical reasons in December.
In the letter dated Saturday, investigators asked for Strampel's work computer, his work cellphone and his work calendars "immediately." They also requested "all records" of any university investigation into the Nassar matter, including a review conducted by former Chicago federal prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald. He was hired by the school and has said no one there knew that Nassar committed crimes.
A message seeking comment was left with a university spokesman on Monday.
Nassar was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison last week at the end of an extraordinary seven-day hearing at which more than 150 women and girls said he had molested them under the guise of medical treatment. Victims blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him.
One woman, Larissa Boyce, said she and a fellow teenage teammate complained about Nassar to Klages in 1997, when they trained with the Spartan youth gymnastics team.
"Instead of notifying authorities or even my parents, we were interrogated," Boyce said in her statement to the court. "We were led to believe we were misunderstanding a medical technique. ... She humiliated and silenced me."
Nassar's accusers have said he would use his ungloved hands to penetrate them digitally and engage in other inappropriate touching when they were seeking treatment for back, hip, leg, foot and other injuries.
An attorney who represents Klages and Strampel declined to comment Monday, citing a lawsuit that has been filed against them.
Also Monday, trustee Brian Mosallam took to Twitter to demand the immediate resignation of Michigan State Vice President for Legal Affairs and General Counsel Bob Noto. He also called for an independent review of the legal department's handling of the Nassar matter.
Noto could not immediately be reached for comment Monday.
A Title IX probe conducted by the university cleared Nassar of sexual assault allegations in 2014. He was advised by the school to avoid being alone with patients while treating their "sensitive areas," but the school did not enforce its request. In March, Strampel told a campus detective and an FBI agent that he did not follow up because having a chaperone in the room for a sensitive exam is "health care 101."
At least 12 reported assaults occurred after the investigation ended, according to a university police report that was provided to the FBI for review by the U.S. attorney.
Nassar, who also has been sentenced to 60 years in prison on child pornography charges, will appear in a Michigan court this week for another prison sentence. In that case, he pleaded guilty to assaulting three girls at Twistars, a Lansing-area gymnastics club.
___
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at https://twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/David%20Eggert
Germany condemns Hamas and Islamic Jihad following barrage of more than 80 rockets and mortars on southern Israel.
Germany on Wednesday condemned the Hamas and Islamic Jihad terrorist groups after they fired a barrage of more than 80 rockets and mortars from Gaza toward southern Israel.
“Germany unequivocally condemns the escalation of violence. There is no justification, under any circumstances, for the continuation of the massive mortar attack on Israel from Gaza,” said a statement from the German embassy in Israel.
“Especially malicious was the firing of a large portion of the rockets at Israeli cities and communities exactly during the hours of heavy traffic when people go to work. As a result of that barrage, a kindergarten was hit, among others. We wish the wounded a speedy recovery. It is Israel's right to (preserve) its security, defend its borders and respond proportionately to attacks,” it added.
The IDF delivered struck dozens of Hamas and Islamic Jihad terror targets on Tuesday night in retaliation for the rocket fire. One of the targets destroyed was a terror tunnel stretching 900 meters into Israeli territory.
The rocket attacks have been widely condemned by world leaders. English Minister of State for the Middle East and North Africa Alistair Burt wrote on Twitter, Indiscriminate attacks against civilians, especially those that risk killing or injuring children, are completely unacceptable under any circumstances.”
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau issued a similar condemnation.
"Israel has every right to defend itself against these deplorable attacks by the terrorist groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad. Our thoughts are with everyone affected today," he tweeted.
The European Union also condemned the continuing rocket and mortar fire from Gaza.
“The rocket and mortar fire by Palestinian militants from Gaza towards Israel must stop immediately. Indiscriminate attacks against civilians are completely unacceptable under any circumstances,” said an EU statement.
“A de-escalation of this dangerous situation is urgently needed to ensure that civilians' lives are protected. Israelis and Palestinians both have the right to live in peace, security and dignity: the cycle of violence and despair has to be broken with a genuine political process,” the statement continued.
A similar condemnation came from Austria, whose government spokesman tweeted, “Mortar attacks against kindergartens and the civilian population of Israel is certainly not the way to solve any of Gaza's problems and must stop immediately.”
He stressed that “Austria is fully committed to Israel's security.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time they were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee, three of the officials said, according to the Times.
The intelligence agencies then sought to learn whether the Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election, the newspaper said.
The officials interviewed in recent weeks said they had seen no evidence of such cooperation so far, it said.
However, the intercepts alarmed U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies, in part because of the amount of contact that was occurring while Trump was speaking glowingly about Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The intercepted calls are different from the wiretapped conversations last year between Michael Flynn, Trump's former national security adviser, and Sergei I. Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, the Times said.
During those calls, the two men discussed sanctions that the Obama administration imposed on Russia in December. Flynn misled the White House about those calls and was asked to resign on Monday night.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request from Reuters for comment on the Times story.
The Times reported that the officials said the intercepted communications were not limited to Trump campaign officials, and included other Trump associates.
On the Russian side, the contacts also included members of the Russian government outside the intelligence services, the officials told the Times. All of the current and former officials spoke on the condition of anonymity because the continuing investigation is classified, the newspaper reported.
The officials said one of the advisers picked up on the calls was Paul Manafort, who was Trump's campaign chairman for several months last year and had worked as a political consultant in Russia and Ukraine, the Times said. The officials declined to identify the other Trump associates on the calls.
Manafort, who has not been charged with any crimes, dismissed the accounts of the U.S. officials in a telephone interview with the Times on Tuesday.
Several of Trump's associates, like Manafort, have done business in Russia. It is not unusual for U.S. businessmen to come in contact with foreign intelligence officials, sometimes unwittingly, in countries like Russia and Ukraine, where the spy services are deeply embedded in society, according to the Times.
Law enforcement officials did not say to what extent the contacts may have been about business, the Times said.
Officials would not disclose many details, including what was discussed on the calls, which Russian intelligence officials were on the calls, and how many of Trump's advisers were talking to the Russians. It is also unclear whether the conversations had anything to do with Trump himself, the Times said.
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 72 49 19 4 102 260 202 26-8-2 23-11-2 15-7-2 Boston 71 45 17 9 99 239 184 25-7-5 20-10-4 15-5-2 Toronto 72 43 22 7 93 243 204 25-8-2 18-14-5 13-6-3 Washington 72 41 24 7 89 225 214 25-9-2 16-15-5 13-7-3 Pittsburgh 72 41 26 5 87 237 218 26-8-1 15-18-4 15-6-1 Columbus 73 40 28 5 85 205 203 24-11-2 16-17-3 13-10-3 Philadelphia 73 37 25 11 85 218 215 18-13-6 19-12-5 11-7-5 New Jersey 72 37 27 8 82 217 215 18-14-3 19-13-5 12-9-1 Florida 70 36 27 7 79 212 216 22-11-3 14-16-4 13-6-2 Carolina 72 31 30 11 73 194 225 16-14-6 15-16-5 9-10-5 N.Y. Rangers 72 32 32 8 72 208 231 20-13-4 12-19-4 9-8-3 N.Y. Islanders 72 30 32 10 70 231 262 16-14-4 14-18-6 10-12-2 Montreal 73 26 35 12 64 182 232 17-12-8 9-23-4 10-9-5 Ottawa 71 26 34 11 63 197 244 15-14-6 11-20-5 8-11-4 Detroit 72 26 35 11 63 184 224 13-14-8 13-21-3 6-13-4 Buffalo 72 23 37 12 58 172 236 11-21-5 12-16-7 10-8-3 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Nashville 72 48 14 10 106 236 178 25-7-4 23-7-6 17-4-2 Vegas 72 46 21 5 97 244 199 25-9-2 21-12-3 17-3-2 Winnipeg 72 43 19 10 96 240 189 26-7-2 17-12-8 13-8-2 Minnesota 72 41 24 7 89 224 206 24-6-6 17-18-1 11-11-0 San Jose 72 40 23 9 89 219 199 21-11-3 19-12-6 19-4-3 Colorado 72 39 25 8 86 231 209 25-9-2 14-16-6 10-10-3 Anaheim 73 37 24 12 86 206 197 22-10-5 15-14-7 11-6-7 Los Angeles 72 39 27 6 84 207 181 19-14-3 20-13-3 11-10-4 Dallas 73 38 27 8 84 209 197 24-10-3 14-17-5 11-13-0 St. Louis 72 39 28 5 83 201 193 21-15-0 18-13-5 10-10-3 Calgary 73 35 28 10 80 202 217 15-17-4 20-11-6 10-9-3 Chicago 73 30 34 9 69 208 223 17-15-4 13-19-5 7-10-3 Edmonton 72 31 36 5 67 201 231 16-17-3 15-19-2 13-9-1 Vancouver 72 25 38 9 59 186 236 12-18-6 13-20-3 6-16-1 Arizona 71 23 37 11 57 170 228 14-20-4 9-17-7 7-10-6
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Colorado 5, Detroit 1
Vegas 4, Calgary 0
Tampa Bay 3, Edmonton 1
Carolina 4, N.Y. Islanders 3
Philadelphia 6, Washington 3
Winnipeg 4, Dallas 2
St. Louis 5, Chicago 4, OT
Anaheim 4, New Jersey 2
Monday's Games
Columbus 5, Boston 4, OT
Nashville 4, Buffalo 0
Florida 2, Montreal 0
Los Angeles at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Calgary at Arizona, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Columbus at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Dallas at Washington, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Tampa Bay, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Colorado at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Vegas, 10 p.m.
New Jersey at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Montreal at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Boston at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at Calgary, 9:30 p.m.
Thursday's Games
N.Y. Rangers at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Washington at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Edmonton at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Vancouver at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Vegas at San Jose, 10 p.m.
Current and former U.S. officials have repeatedly warned Americans to brace for another onslaught of Russian cyber-attacks against the 2018 midterm elections , but even with the campaign season underway the U.S. government has yet to detect any new cyber activity from Russia targeting election systems, according to the Department of Homeland Security 's top cyber official.Nevertheless, Assistant Secretary Jeanette Manfra said it's likely every single U.S. state was targeted by Russian hackers during the 2016 presidential election - far more states potentially impacted than the public may have realized."Two years ago the Russian government launched a brazen, multi-faceted influence campaign aimed at undermining public faith in our democratic process, generally and our election specifically," Manfra told lawmakers Tuesday. "That campaign involved cyber espionage, public disclosure of stolen data, cyber intrusions at the state and local voter registration systems, online propaganda, and more. We cannot let it happen again."Just last month, DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen told lawmakers the threat to state election systems "remains high," with "potential vulnerabilities" embedded in voter databases and vote tabulation systems."We think vigilance is important, and we think there is a lot that we all need to do at all levels of government before we have the midterm elections," Nielsen told lawmakers.On Tuesday, during a hearing of the Senate Homeland Security Committee, Sen. Margaret Hassan, D-N.H., noted to Manfra that six states have already held primaries for the 2018 season and dozens more primaries will be held in the coming weeks."Has DHS detected any cyber activity targeting election infrastructure by Russia or any other actors during this election season?" Hassan asked Manfra."We have not at this time," Manfra responded.Manfra was not asked whether the U.S. intelligence community has detected any of the other measures that Russia deployed during the 2016 presidential election, particularly the use of social media like Facebook to spread false information and inflame tensions across the United States."There should be no doubt that Russia perceives its past operations as successful and views the 2018 U.S. midterm elections as a potential target for Russian influence operations," the nation's top intelligence official, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats , recently told Congress.Protecting state election systems from overseas hackers has become a focal point for lawmakers and U.S. officials looking to prevent foreign meddling in America's elections - a cornerstone of American democracy.Even before the 2016 presidential election, DHS began warning the public that Russian hackers had launched a broad cyber-campaign against U.S. states, looking for ways to break into their voter-related systems.However, on Tuesday, the top Democrat on the committee, Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri, accused DHS of misleading lawmakers and the public about the scope of that campaign.DHS officials have repeatedly said they detected "scanning" - when hackers scan a target for security gaps -- in 21 states.But McCaskill noted that in the run-up the 2016 election, only about half of states had the tools needed to detect such scanning, and DHS was only publicly cited the number of states where that scanning was detected."The impression that was given at the time is that we had knowledge that 21 states were [targeted] and the assumption was that the remaining states were not," McCaskill said. "But in fact that is an incorrect assumption.""We really don't have an idea how many states that Russia tried to hack," McCaskill insisted.In response, Manfra acknowledged Russian hackers likely tried to hack into all 50 states. "We can absolutely make the assumption that more would have been targeted," she said.Manfra, however, disputed McCaskill's assertion that the public had been "misled.""We only had the visibility that we had, and I believe I've been clear about that as I've discussed it," Manfra said. "How the media reports if I cannot control."In fact, Manfra told the Senate Intelligence Committee last year, "As of right now, we have evidence of election-related systems in 21 states that were targeted." And last month, she told the same panel that authorities are "confident" the "21 number is accurate" based on "the visibility that we had at the time."Hackers successfully breached voter-related systems tied to four states.On Tuesday, Manfra said DHS is "increasing our visibility" for future elections.DHS is now providing "voluntary assistance" to states and sharing certain U.S. intelligence with states about the threat facing their systems, Manfra said.
Assassination of journalist Arkady Babchenko was staged. He is alive
Journalist Arkady Babchenko did not die. In the afternoon of May 30, Babchenko appeared before journalists at a press briefing of the Security Bureau of Ukraine (SBU). SBU officials also said that a person suspected of preparing the attempted assassination of the journalist was detained.
The organizer of the "assassination" of Russian opposition journalist Arkady Babchenko was detained in Kiev a few hours ago, the director of the SBU, Vasily Grytsak said at a press briefing on May 30.
"About three hours ago, we detained the organizer of this crime in the city of Kiev. The person is being interrogated, places of his residence and temporary stay are being searched," Gritsak said.
Earlier, Gritsak said that it was Russian special services that ordered the assassination of Russian opposition journalist Arkady Babchenko.
"According to the information obtained by the Security Bureau of Ukraine, Russian special services ordered the assassination of Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko. At least, this data is available at the SBU as of today," said Gritsak.
Gritsak also said that the attack against Russian citizen Babchenko was only a part of the operation conducted by Russian special services to physically exterminate citizens of the Russian Federation who were forced to leave the territory of the Russian Federation because of their political beliefs.
Russian special services, Gritsak continued, recruited a Ukrainian citizen to kill Babchenko.
"We have documented that special services of the Russian Federation recruited a Ukrainian citizen - today I will name the initial letter of his surname - "G"- who was asked to find executors of the daring murder for remuneration. Citizen "G" offered a friend of his - a former ATO fighter - a remuneration of 30,000 dollars to commit the terrorist attack - the assassination of Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko," said Gritsak.
Arkady Babchenko himself, speaking at the press conference, asked forgiveness from his wife and relatives for not informing them of his participation in the special operation. The journalist said that he learned about the preparation of the assassination attempt a month ago.
In the evening of May 29, it was reported that journalist Arkady Babchenko was killed in his apartment building, when someone fired three bullets in his back.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer today defended the Trump administration's decision to not voluntarily release records of White House visitors to the public, while describing the Obama administration's online posting of those logs as a "faux" effort.
On Friday, an administration official cited national security concerns in support of the decision to withhold the list while simultaneously touting other efforts that "ensur[e]... [the] government is both ethical and accessible to the American people."
Spicer explained that the action was in line with the Federal Records Act and Presidential Records Act despite the optics that the move limited transparency.
"As was noted on Friday, we were following the same policy that every administration from the beginning of time has used with respect to [the] visitors log," said Spicer.
While the White House is not required to release a record of visitors unless requested through Freedom of Information Act filing (though these requests can still be denied), the Obama administration proactively disclosed the identities of guests on the White House website. The names of some visitors were omitted, however, due to concerns for national security -- a fact used by Spicer to criticize the preceding administration.
"The faux attempt that the Obama administration put out where they would scrub who they didn't want to put out didn't serve anyone well," said Spicer, who deflected follow-up questions on why the White House wouldn't seize the opportunity to expand transparency -- or at least match the Obama White House in this regard -- as President Trump promised during the campaign.
Facing additional questions on the subject of Trump's tax returns, Spicer reiterated that Trump will not release his tax returns until the IRS completes its "routine audit."
But asked by ABC News' Jonathan Karl if it was time to say that Trump would "never release his tax returns," Spicer would not fully commit to the idea.
"We'll have to get back to you," said Spicer. "He's still under audit. The statement still stands."
As to whether the president would be willing to direct the IRS to confirm the audit, Spicer provided no definite answer, saying that Trump's "view on this has been clear from the campaign and the American people understood it when they elected him in November."
Girindra Nath Jha was born and raised in the tiny village of Chanka, a settlement in the state of Bihar in northern India, close to the Nepal border. It's mostly grassy fields and mud huts with thatched roofs. It gets just seven hours of electricity per day and its first paved road arrived only last year. None of the homes have toilets.
And a lot of its 7,000 residents have gray hair.
But not Jha, a 34-year-old who wears a cotton scarf around his neck and a happy smile on his face. He understands why other young people leave: "The village doesn't offer them any kind of employment and they don't want to work in the fields."
In India, being a farmer is considered to be backward unless you are a landowner, which means you control hundreds of acres and employ people to work in your fields. For poor villagers with very little land, the only discernible route to success is fleeing to somewhere else, either for education or for work.
The plan doesn't always pan out, particularly when they don't have the skills to land better paying jobs. "In big cities they end up becoming daily wage laborers," Jha notes. "They work in construction, carrying loads of bricks on their heads."
Jha left his village and family after he graduated from high school. He went 500 miles away to New Delhi, where he got a degree in economics from Delhi University — one of India's premier colleges — and obtained a master's degree in journalism from the YMCA Institute of Career Studies. His education helped him land a job as an editor for a newspaper in New Delhi, where he worked for several years. But Chanka never left his mind.
So in 2012, Jha quit his job and returned to his village. He has been living there ever since.
He has trouble describing why he yearned to work on his family's farm. "I have a kind of love affair with Chanka," he says. "It soothes my soul. The childhood memories have never left me."
Most young people throughout India dream of having a life like Jha had outside of the village. People in Delhi laughed at him when he shared that he wanted to give up his career and city life so he could go back and work on his farm.
But he was determined. He wanted to set an example and inspire other young men not to leave their homes and villages, and most of all, not to give up on farming.
India's economy is largely agricultural despite the large number of people migrating from villages to cities — according to the 2011 census, 83.3 million live in rural areas while 37.7 million live in urban ones. "The old men and women are left to toil in the fields. They need young people," Jha says. Will he return to the city one day? "Not at all," he vows. "It's not going to happen."
Since returning, he has helped his parents work their land. In addition to the wheat, corn and potato growing in their fields, he has planted 1,000 Kadamb trees. He says it's a long-term plan, because in 15 years he will have a big crop of timber, which can be used to make plywood.
In the meantime, Jha hasn't given up on his journalism career. He continues to write for newspapers and magazines from his village. He writes about village life for city folks. In one recent article, he addressed the government's push for creating "smart cities" and questioned when it would do the same for "smart farmers." Another favorite topic: his love for writing, or as he calls it, "ink and pen."
His friends from New Delhi and even ones from abroad are curious to see what kind of life Jha has created for himself in his village. They often visit.
So last year, Jha started what he calls the "Chanka Residency" for writers. Participants live in a mud hut with him and his family — it's rustic and peaceful, but there's internet. The first guest was Ian Woolford, an American who teaches Hindi language and courses on South Asian culture at La Trobe University in Melbourne, Australia. During his week-long stay, Woolford says, "We sat outside and drank tea by the fire each morning and evening. We pulled radishes from the field and ate them along with vegetables and roti. And we read each other our writing as we produced it, encouraging each other along."
It's an experience Woolford recommends. "I hope that academics, writers and artists might visit — if only out of curiosity — and then fall in love with Bihar, as I did when I first visited," he says. More than 50 other people have come so far.
Even more important to Jha is changing the image of village life among his neighbors. He is committed to bringing people back to their roots and in touch with agriculture.
Armed with two degrees from the capital's top institutions, he has been teaching as much as possible. He says most young men in his village have smartphones; he has been showing them how to use the devices to download apps that are designed for farmers and keep on top of farming-related news about tools, fertilizers and more. He also organizes daily classes for kids on farming, life in the city and some basic English.
Kalpana Devi, the village head, says, "Girindra Nath's residency brings people in the village from all over the world, which is good for the villagers because they get to learn and write. But I often hear parents saying their children are distracted and don't work as hard in the field when the guests from abroad and big cities come to Chanka. They like to hang out with the guests."
This exposure to the outside world may be just what the next generation needs, says Anand Dwivedi, who grew up in Bihar and works at the University of Pennsylvania as a director of the Hindi language and culture program. "Now is a good time since people are more open to different ideas and occupations, professions of different kinds, careers in creative fields," he says.
Getting this education in Chanka could mean young people have less of an incentive to leave. And maybe, like Jha, they'll help write a new future for their village.
Deepak Singh is the author of How May I Help You? An Immigrant's Journey From MBA to Minimum Wage. Contact him @deepakwriter.
As the US continues to move forward on diplomatic negotiations with North Korea, assessments from US intelligence agencies and several reports from satellite imagery analysts emerged this week providing evidence that Pyongyang is continuing to expand weapons production capability, which Washington says poses a threat to the US and its allies in Asia.
Some of the reports suggested that the Kim regime was expanding weapons production facilities even as it made tentative statements promising to "denuclearize" in the run up to the June 12 summit in Singapore between North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump.
Read more: Opinion: Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un's summit of friendliness
A report published recently by NBC News, citing unnamed US officials, said US intelligence agencies "believe North Korea has increased production of fuel for nuclear weapons at multiple secret sites in recent months and may try to hide these while seeking concessions in talks with the United States."
Another US official was quoted saying there is "absolutely unequivocal evidence" that North Korea was trying to "deceive" the US.
"The intelligence community assessment that North Korea is taking steps to deceive the United States would be consistent with regime behavior during all previous diplomatic negotiations," Bruce Klinger, a former CIA division chief for Korea and senior research fellow for Northeast Asia at the Heritage Foundation in Washington, told DW.
However, Klinger emphasized that expanding production of fissile material did not violate the US-North Korea joint declaration signed in Singapore. "No real denuclearization agreement has yet been reached," he said.
"As the US seeks to put meat on the meager bones of the Singapore Communique, it needs to emulate the lengthy, detailed treaty text and robust verification regimes of arms control treaties with the Soviet Union rather than the flawed North Korean agreements of the past," added Klinger.
Read more: Donald Trump-Kim Jong-un summit: North Korea commits to 'complete denuclearization'
'Very clear' expectations from Washington
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is heading to North Korea on Thursday for the first round of talks following the June summit. According to a US State Department press briefing, the visit will center on "consultations with the North Korean government" about what Trump and Kim "agreed to" in Singapore.
State Department Spokeswoman Heather Nauert said that North Korea was "very clear" in terms of US expectations and Secretary Pompeo would be "very blunt" in what he "expects from the North Koreans."
Read more: Mike Pompeo: US ready to help make North Korea rich if it gives up nukes
Pompeo tweeted before the Singapore summit that the US remained "committed to the complete, verifiable, irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula." This is commonly referred to as "CIVD."
After the summit on June 13, he told reporters in Seoul, "I hope we'll see — you used the term 'major disarmament' — yes, we're hopeful that we can achieve that in the next two and a half years."
"Secretary of State Pompeo will need to get Pyongyang to publicly and unambiguously embrace the CVID concept and accept extensive inspections if the Trump administration is going to achieve real denuclearization," said analyst Klinger.
'Complete denuclearization?'
President Trump's statements since the Singapore summit indicate the administration wants to capitalize on the political significance of the meeting. While dialogue itself is a breakthrough, there has yet to be any indication that North Korea is diminishing its weapons program, despite concessions from the US.
Directly after the summit, Trump tweeted that "there is no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea." Yesterday, the US leader declared, "If not for me, we would be at war with North Korea."
Despite Trump's assertions, a recent report released by 38 North, a North Korea research and analysis website run by the Stimson Center think tank in Washington, concluded that Pyongyang was carrying out upgrades to North Korea's Yongbyon Nuclear Scientific Research Center.
The report said that "commercial satellite imagery from June 21" indicated "improvements to the infrastructure" at Yongbyon were "continuing at a rapid pace." This included the completion of a cooling system for the plutonium production reactor.
Slowing down production?
Jenny Town, Managing Editor at 38 North, told DW that it would be incorrect to assume that Pyongyang would slow down its weapons production capability ahead of any agreements with the US. The pace of North Korea's scaling down of weapons production would depend on the content and outcome of negotiations, all of which remain uncertain.
"The only definitive take away from the imagery is that work, which had started at these sites prior to the summit, did not stop immediately. It would have been actually quite surprising if it had," said Town, adding that new unpublished imagery acquired on Tuesday by 38 North appears to show that work at the site had slowed.
"We would expect that trend to continue and no new projects to be started," she said, adding that work at the major facilities should "begin to slow or stop as negotiations progress."
Read more: From Little Rocket Man to denuclearization: A timeline of US-North Korea relations under Kim Jong-un
Trump-Kim summit: South Koreans wary of losing US defense assurance
Sieren's China: Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un choose peace
"However, until the agreement is settled, I would expect that some level of activity at these sites, even if it's just for maintenance, is likely to continue."
Another image analysis released on July 2, by the Middlebury Institute of International Studies, shows that North Korea is expanding an important missile production site at the Chemical Material Institute in Hamhung. According to the report, the facility produces essential parts for solid-fueled missiles, including the Pukgugsong series.
Unrealistic timelines from the US
On Sunday, President Trump's National Security Advisor John Bolton told CBS that the US could "move very quickly" and that Secretary Pompeo would discuss with the North Koreans "how to dismantle all of their weapons of mass destruction and ballistic missile programs in a year."
Experts say this assessment vastly underestimates the state of North Korea's capability.
"North Korea's nuclear program and program infrastructure is quite extensive with many unknowns," said Town, adding that technical experts with deep knowledge of North Korea's nuclear program give estimates of between five and 10 years to "engineer complete, verifiable dismantling of the nuclear and ballistic missile infrastructure."
Read more: SIPRI: Nuclear weapons are still being developed
"Politically, there is no trust between the US and North Korea. Pyongyang would therefore be reluctant to dismantle its core nuclear capabilities and become vulnerable to US (and South Korean) policy shifts in the future, especially as administrations change," she said.
"Despite Trump's claim that 'there is no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea,' there has been no diminution in Pyongyang's arsenal or programs," said Klinger.
"The regime continues to have an estimated arsenal of more than 30 nuclear weapons, missiles that can already threaten South Korea and Japan with nuclear weapons and, according to then-CIA Director and current Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, is only a 'handful of months' away from having the ability to target the entire United States with nuclear weapons," he added.
"President Trump's claim that the North Korea nuclear problem is solved is premature to say the least."
With two matches cancelled to wet weather, Sleaford Town Bowls Club came out on top in four of their remaining five games.
They opened with their only defeat, at home to St Giles in the EBA Driffill Trophy.
Just one rink won and one drew as the aggregate was lost 72-84. Andy Caress with Martin Titley and Larry Davies won 23-21, and Peter Annison, Neil Mapletoft and Trevor Cope drew 17-all, while the losing sets were John Parker, Kris Moore and Paul Jobson 15-19, and David Campbell, Phil Musson and Andrew Bird 17-27.
* At home on Sunday morning in the ASC Metals League, two winning rinks secured the aggregate 61-38 for eight points to two.
The rinks of Gerald Woodhead, Larry Davies and Roy Markham (26-8), and Peter Annison, Calum Campbell and Kris Moore (24-7) gave Town a good start, and the losing rink was Robin Wilson, Brian Srawley and Gwen Campbell (11-23).
* Town completed a good result at Branston in the City League, winning all four rinks 96-53 and a maximum 14 points.
John Parker, Martin Titley and Paul Jobson got away to a good start, going 9-1 up and scored steadily throughout to win 35-10.
Trevor Cope's set of Robin Wilson and David Campbell won 22-11, Calum Campbell, Larry Davies and Andrew Bird won 19-15, and Andrew Morris, Kris Moore and Neil Mapletoft won 20-17.
* Away to Cranwell in the Sleaford League, three of four rinks were won in a heavy scoring match.
Cecelia Faulkner, Ken Dye and Bas Gilbert scored well in the first 11 ends, going 28-2 up before winning 37-12, while Andrew Bird, Calum Campbell and Larry Davies were 10–6 up at nine ends and then scored 24 shots to finish 34-10 winners.
Mick Jarrald, Brian Srawley and Gwen Campbell won 24-10, while Clive Steadman, Julie Cope and Ken Irwin fouight bavk from 4-14 down at 10 ends to lose 18-19 on a measure on the last end.
* Town hosted Grantham in the EBA League where two of the three rinks won to take eight points and the aggregate 59-37.
Martin Titley, Calum Campbell, David Campbell and Andrew Bird won 24-8, John Parker, Peter Stokes, Kris Moore and Paul Jobson won 18-9, while Robin Wilson, Roger Neaverson, Richard Barnes and Trevor Cope were pipped 17-20.
EMBED >More News Videos Teen and man who often got her out of school located in Mexico, authorities said.
EMBED >More News Videos Mexican authorities have issued an Amber Alert for a missing Allentown teen and a 45-year-old man who signed her out of school, saying the pair is believed to be traveling through the country.
While missing Pennsylvania teenager Amy Yu was found safe over the weekend in Mexico with 45-year-old Kevin Esterly, whom she was allegedly having a romantic relationship with, the case stretches back farther than the 13 days she was missing.From interviews with family, friends, police, attorneys in the case, as well as court affidavits, here's what we know:--Yu and her mother, Miu Luu, meet Esterly, a construction contractor, at a church in Lowhill Township, Pennsylvania. Amy is about 7 or 8 years old.--Yu signs documents at Lehigh Valley Academy Charter School in Hanover Township, Pennsylvania, describing Esterly as her stepfather, which allows him to check her out of school.--Yu's mother goes to pick up her daughter at Lehigh Valley Academy Charter and learns that Esterly had already picked her up and that Yu had listed him on school documents as her stepfather. The mother also discovers that Esterly had signed out her daughter from school at least 10 times. Luu confronts Esterly that same day over why he had been secretly picking up her daughter at school.--Allentown police investigators visit Esterly and his wife, Stacey, at their Allentown home and advises them both to stay away from Yu and that the girl's mother didn't want them to have any further contact with her.--Luu drops Yu off at her bus stop, but the teenager doesn't take it to school. On the same day, Esterly withdrew $4,000 from his wife's bank account. Luu reports her daughter missing to the Allentown Police Department.--Allentown police issue a missing person alert for Yu and obtain a warrant for Esterly's arrest.--Police discover that Yu and Esterly boarded a one-way flight from Philadelphia to Cancun, Mexico, which briefly stopped in Dallas.--Luu speaks to ABC News, saying, she was "waiting and waiting and praying, and I don't know if they can catch him [Esterly] or not." She also says Esterly's daughter "is a friend and just one year younger than Amy. I never thought he would act like that."--: Authorities in Mexico issue an Amber Alert for Yu.--Esterly's wife, Stacey, issues a statement through her attorney, saying she and her husband fought over his relationship with Yu and she pleaded with the teenager to come home.--Authorities in Mexico find Yu and Esterly at a Puerto Moreles resort near Cancun and arrest Esterly on suspicion of child custody interference. Both Esterly and Yu are flown back to Miami , where he was awaiting extradition to Pennsylvania.
SANDY, Utah (AP) — Kyle Beckerman scored his 41st career MLS goal in the 82nd minute, and Real Salt Lake beat the Houston Dynamo 2-1 on Wednesday night.
Salt Lake (6-6-1) has won 10 of its last 11 home games, conceding just 12 goals. Houston (5-4-3) lost for the first time in five games.
Luis Silva put RSL in front in the 34th minute by heading in Sebastian Saucedo's cross.
Beckerman, who entered having played every minute of every RSL game this season, came in as a substitute in the 64th. Eighteen minutes later, Beckerman had a corner kick chested to his feet and he sent a left-footed shot off the far post and in.
Houston's Alberth Elis scored his fifth goal this month, and eighth overall, in the 75th. Nick Rimando's goal kick was intercepted and Elis was left open in front of goal to head home Romell Quioto's cross.
ATLANTA UNITED 1, REVOLUTION 1
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. (AP) — Teal Bunbury scored on a penalty kick in the 88th minute as the Revolution tied Atlanta United.
New England (5-4-4) has one win in its last five games — with two straight draws. Atlanta (8-3-2) had won four straight on the road.
Krisztian Nemeth drew the late foul in the corner of the penalty box after capitalizing on a defensive turnover. Atlanta goalkeeper Brad Guzan chose the right direction but Bunbury found the upper-right corner. Guzan was given a yellow card for kicking the ball into the stands after the goal.
Josef Martinez opened the scoring for Atlanta in the 23rd minute by redirecting Julian Gressel's cross. It was Martinez's league-leading ninth goal of the season.
New England goalkeeper Matt Turner kept the Revs within reach by denying Ezequiel Barco's point-blank attempt in the 82nd.
UNION 3, FIRE 1
CHESTER, Pa. (AP) — Borek Dockal had a penalty-kick goal in the 87th minute and two assists, helping the Union to the win.
Philadelphia (5-5-3) is unbeaten in its last four matches — with three victories. Chicago (4-7-2) has allowed multiple goals in 11 of its last 15 road games.
Ilsinho put Philadelphia in front in the 44th minute. He is chested Dockal's chipped pass at the corner of the 18-yard box, split two defenders and scored from a difficult angle. Cory Burke made it 2-0 in the 51st with an open header of Dockal's cross.
Alan Gordon scored in his second straight game to pull Chicago within one in the 56th. Brandt Bronico ran past the defense for a through ball, dribbled alone along the right side and crossed it to Gordon for an easy tap-in.
NASCAR released the 2018 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series rules changes this week, and they were minimal in comparison to recent years. Was it the right call to stay consistent, or should more tweaks have been made?
Amy Henderson: No matter what NASCAR did, fans would complain. Keeping the package similar was the right move. There are new inspection procedures in place for next year, and teams have to work with the new engine rules as well, so throwing the kitchen sink at it could really put them behind, especially the smaller teams with only a few employees. Yes, I'd like to see the cars go back to a valance eventually and get them up off the ground, but let teams get better with what we've got first. However, perception is reality in terms of what people see, and I hope that NASCAR will take a hard look at whether one manufacturer has an advantage, and if it does, take steps to fix it.
Christian Koelle: NASCAR made the right move to keep things consistent next season while the sanctioning body focuses on the new inspection process. It's better to focus on one thing and perfect it than focusing on a few different things and having flaws throughout. Inspection has been a big deal as of late, and this new photo enforced inspection requires all of the attention. I am looking forward to the changes for the 2019 season, and we haven't even finished 2017 yet.
Michael Massie: Despite everyone's disapproval, the splitter remains a thing. Get rid of it already! With these minimal changes, expect for clean air to still reign supreme and for plenty of snoozers next year. Anyone that has a case of insomnia should be prescribed a dose of watching NASCAR with this current rules package.
Vito Pugliese: The rules changes are actually pretty significant, particularly with regards to the new engine rules. You'll see more attrition in races due to parts failures than what we're currently experiencing, and one manufacturer or engine supplier is bound to come up with a solution better than the others, while some may struggle early on. It adds a new element and dynamic that we haven't seen in recent years.
With every car so much alike and running similar speeds, this could help cure the lack of on-track passing throughout the field. Still a bit miffed that they're insisting on keeping the splitter and not returning to a standard valance. Part of me wonders if it's truly an aerodynamic concern, or if it's more of a sensitive issue with the sanctioning body not wanting to admit that splitters and wings don't work on stock cars. They got rid of the wing after all, but not the thing the air sees first.
The sport lost Hall of Fame car owner and engine builder Robert Yates to cancer this week. What should race fans take away from Yates' storied career in the sport?
Koelle: I had the opportunity to shake hands and speak with Yates earlier this season at Charlotte Motor Speedway. He was clearly one of the icons of the sport and has led to the engines we have in the sport today. I remember the days watching NASCAR where Robert Yates Racing was always one of the top teams in the industry with Elliott Sadler, Ricky Rudd, David Gilliland, etc.
Massie: Yates was one of the last of his breed. He was a man's man, a pioneer and someone who worked from the bottom floor (or should I say from sweeping the floor) to the top. Any new owner that has entered the sport in the past 20 or so years is nothing like Yates because they are often a bunch of rich businessmen buying teams with family money. The average fan can't relate to most of the owners today, but they sure could relate to Yates. His team was not as successful as his competitors, Hendrick Motorsports and Richard Childress Racing, but his Nos. 28 and 88 took the sport by storm and shook things up in their short time out there.
Last year, I found an Ernie Irvan No. 28 hat in a Goodwill store, so I had to grab it. I wore it to a concert in Charlotte earlier this year, and I was surprised how many people between the ages of 20-35 came up to me and said, “That hat is f—ing awesome!” These people were either children or had not yet been born when Irvan raced for Yates, but that No. 28 was so iconic that everyone with an ounce of NASCAR knowledge knows it.
Pugliese: Yates was a self-made man who worked his way up as an engine builder, ultimately buying the team he worked for. He sold everything he owned and moved into a small apartment when he bought the No. 28 team; you would never see anyone make that kind of commitment today. Among the last of his breed, he powered Dale Jarrett from a rudderless journeyman to a Cup champion, two Daytona 500 wins and a Brickyard 400, nearly pulled Dale Earnhardt away from Chevrolet, as well as powering Richard Petty to his 200th win ironically, against the car upon which he would ultimately build his legacy. His name is every bit as synonymous with horsepower in NASCAR circles as Waddell Wilson, Randy Dorton and Maurice Petty.
Henderson: I'll always remember watching races in the late 1990s and early 2000s and feeling like every single week a Robert Yates Racing driver had a chance to win. While there were teams winning more races, RYR was always a threat because of those Yates engines. I read somewhere that even before he has his own company, drivers knew when they had his power under the hood over other builders because his were that much better. Yates retired a decade ago and handed the reins to his son Doug, but the name Yates is synonymous with horsepower in NASCAR today because of his skills. Every time a Ford driver wins a race, they can thank Yates for what he started.
The XFINITY Series faces its first playoff cuts on Saturday in Charlotte. Who makes the cut, and is there a clear title favorite emerging?
Massie: Something will happen to Matt Tifft on Saturday that will knock him out and allow for Ryan Reed and Brendan Gaughan to make it. I don't see Michael Annett, Blake Koch or Jeremy Clements doing anything; they have lacked the speed. If this race was held on the Charlotte roval, then the four that would miss it would have an excellent chance to make it. Justin Allgaier is looking like the title favorite. He has looked fast for the past few weeks, and the No. 7 building momentum.
Henderson: The four below the cut line (Gaughan, Annett, Koch and Clements) stay there based on season-long performance, but Gaughan is just two points behind Reed, who hasn't been much more consistent this year, so that's your battle. As for a title favorite, I]Allgaier looks more and more like one every passing week. We all know a lot can happen between now and Homestead-Miami Speedway, but Allgaier looks more like a favorite every week.
Koelle: With three drivers entering Saturday's race in a must-win situation, I don't see much changing on the cut-off line. Clements hasn't had the speed, performance or equipment to battle with the higher-funded teams, which isn't really a surprise. Koch, though, has really surprised me, He almost made it to the final four next seasons, but with a few more competitive teams in the series it's made it a little tougher. If anyone steps up, Koch will do it.
Chase Elliott scored his fifth career runner-up finish at Dover International Speedway but hasn't broken into the win column yet. Will his first win happen in 2017?
Pugliese: I will be shocked if it doesn't, and Charlotte is the perfect place to put No. 24 back in victory lane with a first time winner. While some criticize Chase Elliott for being too hard on himself, it's refreshing to see somebody humble and not blaming the circumstances for his defeat. Not outburst or temper tantrums, just a realization and evaluation of what went wrong and how to fix it next time. Mark Martin finished second six times before he won his first race. If Elliott is in that category, he'll be just fine. The wins will come, the big thing is to support him and maintain his confidence in himself, the team and his equipment.
Henderson: Yes, if he can keep the momentum he's built in the last couple of weeks. The first win is taking a while, but once it happens, he's going to be a weekly threat. I wish I could say he'll reel off multiple wins at exactly the right time, but It's hard to deny the Toyota advantage right now. Elliott has the look of a driver about to go on a tear, but he needs the car to do it.
Koelle: Elliott has already exceeded expectations in the playoffs by making it to the next round without any wins. Two top-five finishes in the playoffs tells me his win is just around the corner, especially since both of those were second-place finishes. If the victory comes, it'll be at Talladega Superspeedway or Martinsville Speedway, both tracks where we saw a strong No. 24 car. I would like to see Elliott win in the No. 24, but it really doesn't matter whether he wins in the Nos. 24, 9, 5, 1, 2, 3, etc. A number is a number, and Chase Elliott is Chase Elliott. Not his father, not Jeff Gordon, he's Chase Elliott, and that is a big issue we are having with him. We all know Bill Elliott was great and Gordon was great, and I want to see Elliott earn his own legacy. That is what worries me about him winning in the Nos. 24 or the 9: that we will automatically attach someone else's legacy. Elliott will get his first win this year.
Massie: Elliott has finished second in two of the past three races (granted, one was encumbered). The way to win a race is to keep running in the top five. Something will fall his way before the end of this year and he will join Gordon and William Byron (predicting it now) as drivers to win in the No. 24.
Duluth police responded to a 911 call reporting shots fired at 510 E. 11th Street at about 2 p.m. Tuesday. The victim was taken from the home on a gurney, witnesses said, and transferred by Gold Cross Ambulance to a local hospital. Police confirmed just before 5 p.m. that the victim had died.
Police remained on the scene into the evening hours, and at 8 p.m. Duluth police reported that its officers — as well as several agents from the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives — were executing search warrants in connection with the case.
A "person of interest" had been detained but no arrests had been made as of 8 p.m., Duluth police said, with the investigation expected to continue overnight.
Mayor Emily Larson said in a statement Tuesday night that she wanted to assure the Duluth community that the police department is "fully engaged" and has responded swiftly to make progress to resolve the case.
"When a person is harmed in our community, our whole community is harmed. Today, tragically so. Our condolences go to the victim's family and friends. As a parent, this is simply heartbreaking news," she said in the statement.
Duluth Police Chief Mike Tusken said that preliminary information indicated that the incident may have been related to a home invasion or robbery.
The shooting took place in a small, single-story house that neighbors said has been college rental property for several years.
Eleventh Street is a dead-end in that area, just off Central Entrance, below Skyline Parkway and two blocks west of Myers-Wilkins Elementary School. School district officials said the school was placed in a precautionary lockdown on request of police after the shooting. School was already out by that time but some students still were in the building for extracurricular activities.
More than 20 squad cars converged at the scene within minutes of the first 911 call, with many officers searching backyards, alleys and woods with their guns drawn. Several dogs also were used to search for a suspect outside the home.
Agents from the U.S. Border Patrol and Minnesota State Patrol also were at the scene.
Residents interviewed during the incident said the neighborhood has mostly avoided serious violence.
"I've lived here since 1958 and we've never had anything like this before. We've had some car break-ins, but no shooting before," said Ken Cusick, who lives just down the block and across the street from the house where the shooting took place.
Klay Longstreet said he's lived on 11th Street for nearly 20 years.
"We have a lot of rentals on this block, so there are parties, the usual college stuff, but nothing serious," he said.
Theresa Wanless said she lives just two blocks from the shooting. She said she still trusts law enforcement to find the guilty parties and keep control of the city's streets.
"But it's just two blocks from the school. And there have been lots of shootings. It's very scary," she said.
Wanless said she's not convinced that the shootings are unrelated or that city officials are correct saying it's not part of a larger problem.
"Now, after this, being so close to my home, I'm not so sure," she said, lamenting the lack of information released after each shooting.
"It's unfortunate we only get short answers" from police, she said.
The case would mark the first homicide in Duluth since October, when 47-year-old Eric Wayne Burns was fatally shot outside a Lincoln Park bar. Aaron Demetrius Humphreys, 42, has been charged with intentional second-degree murder in that case.
It's also the second shooting death in the Twin Ports this year. Kyle Androsky, 21, was killed outside a Superior bar on the morning of Jan. 1, with his brother also suffering a gunshot wound. Authorities have issued an arrest warrant for 25-year-old Jamar Maurice Smith, who remains in custody in Minnesota, but have not charged him or anyone else with the actual shooting.
Tuesday's shooting is the sixth in Duluth in less than four weeks. Victims have suffered varying levels of injuries, but until Tuesday's shooting no deaths had been reported.
Police have said the incidents are an "anomaly," brought on by a number of factors, including increased availability of firearms, but have said there are no clear connections between any of the incidents.
"We haven't seen a spike of shootings like this in my career," said Tusken, who has been with the department for 25 years, shortly after Tuesday's incident was reported.
Lisa Kaczke contributed to this report.
Public menorah lightings for the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah are planned around the world in locations ranging from ski towns and Caribbean islands to famous landmarks and sports arenas.
Hanukkah begins Tuesday night and lasts for eight days. If you're traveling or vacationing during the holiday, there may be a menorah lighting near you. The Jewish outreach organization Chabad-Lubavitch plans Hanukkah events in hundreds of cities, from the 50 U.S. states to 100 countries.
Celebrations in Vail, Colorado, will include menorahs made from skis. In New Mexico, organizers hope to create a one-of-a-kind menorah made from hot-air balloons. Vacationers in Cancun, Mexico, and Aruba will also have menorah lightings to attend.
Many ceremonies will take place in front of landmarks, including the White House, Eiffel Tower and the Kremlin.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Transcript for Which voice assistant is best for you?
stories in "Pop news." Now to a big day of online deals as you rush to finish or start your holiday shopping. It's green day, green Monday which means huge savings and one of the top sellers so far this year, hose home voice assistants. Becky Worley is joining us from San Francisco. Becky, it seems like there's a little bit of a battle going on. Tell us about it. Reporter: Yeah, robin. That's right. Good morning, 50% of U.S. Homes will buy one of these voice estimates in the next five years so, hey, echo or hey, Google, that's a question millions are asking this holiday season. Hey, Google. Alexa how do I set you up? Amazon's echo and Google home are battling to be your digital assistant. Which one should you choose? Cnet's Brian tong says picking the right assistant depends on. You ha it comes down is are you in Google's ecosystem and all their services or maybe you're a prime subscriber. You have all those benefits from that and how many smart devices at home do you want to control? Reporter: So who should buy Google home? Hey, Google, what's the golden state warriors' record right now. If search is your main focus -- They're in second place in the western conference with 20 wins and 6 losses. We know Google is the king of search and that stays the same. It has the best brains of both so go Google home. Reporter: Next media. All right, music on YouTube. Here you go. ??? Reporter: It's a good choice if you own a android, have all your Google and use a chrome cast for streaming. ??? Google, pause the song before I embarrass my children. Well if you're in the Google world and use the chromecast, have your e-mail, calendar is all set up you have to go Google home. Reporter: So to recap Google home is good for folks who already have all their accounts with Google and who mainly plan to use the voice assistant as a search engine. Amazon echo, my son and his friend Evan think its music services are cool. Echo, play imagine dragons in the living room. "Believer" by imagine dragons. ??? Reporter: 90 million people are already prime subscribers and many use prime music. Now speaking of prime -- Echo, buy a fidget spinner. When it comes to products -- You have to go Amazon. Reporter: Now if you want to control your smart home by voice, Google is ramping up fast but -- Echo, set the thermostat to 65 degrees. You got to go Amazon. They have the most compatibility with smart home devices. Reporter: You want Amazon echo if you have smart home device, already are tied into the Amazon prime world of music and plan to shop by voice. Echo, tell me a joke. Reporter: The future is voice controlled. No matter which product you choose. Now, these devices don't have cameras in them but many people are still worried about the privacy issues with devices that are basically listening to you all the time and yet, robin, they are still selling like hotcades. We have two of them right here. What can you tell us more about them, Becky? We're happy to have them. You have -- yeah, you got the Google home mini and Amazon echo dot and a few others in those families. The smaller ones are the entry models. 29 bucks for each of them, target, Walmart, Amazon. $20 off today and been that way for a lot of the holiday season stow far. Some other great sales as well today, right, Becky? Yeah, it's green Monday and you have a bunch of cute kids in studio there. They don't know that green Monday is yet another completely made up shopping holiday. But the discounts are real. Target has a toy sale spend $100, get 25 bucks back and that includes some of those execute scooters and a lot of the fun toys that parents have got to get this time of year. Anything for us adults, I mean -- hey. Down goes Frazier, are you okay, kid? He can own this place. Yeah. Got to get back up. Anything more for adults, though, Becky? Whoa. Ebay coined this term green Monday. Are you okay? They're offering a ton of discounts today. I hope the audience and that little kid is all right. He takes a licking but he keeps on ticking.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Extra Butter x The North Face
People think VHS is dead; that's not the case. The nostalgia runs strong. You might argue my impressions are colored by the fact that I live near Portland, where VHS tapes are for sale at every Goodwill and you can still rent VHS video from stores like Movie Madness. In fact, I once rented a VHS Chaucer themed porno from them (it was only OK). But, you would be wrong. Just look at the retro Rogue One trailer from the spring.
But, a surer sign that VHS nostalgia is in full effect is the surprise launch of “Technical Difficulties,” a collaboration between Alameda, CA-based outdoor lifestyle brand The North Face, and New York City retailer Extra Butter.
The collection's inspirations are pretty apparent in their use of saturated color blocking and white noise tones, which the brand says are a nod to the “nostalgia of lo-fi TV and VHS aesthetics of the 20th century.” You should recognize the bands of color from their origins as part of the SMPTE color bars, the retro test patterns used in old-school media by The Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers. The collab includes a Nuptse jacket, a Denali Fleece, a knit beanie, and an unconstructed pack hat.
Extra Butter x The North Face
Pop-Up Shop in 125 Orchard Street – Lower East Side |
Starting December 11th until
January 10th –
Stay posted for info on various collections and product releases. #thenorthface #extrabutter pic.twitter.com/kmKmWl8q9m — Extra Butter NY (@ExtraButter) December 10, 2017
In addition to the collection, there is also a pop-up shop at Giselle Space on 125 Orchard Street in the Lower East Side. It opened today and will run until January 10. And, since the items are only available through the Extra Butter store, getting your hands on this gear will take some creativity if you are outside New York.
Extra Butter x The North Face
Extra Butter x The North Face
A lone Italian gunman shot and wounded six African immigrants Saturday in a two-hour drive-by shooting spree, authorities said, terrorizing a small city in central Italy where a Nigerian man was arrested days earlier in a teenager's gruesome killing.
The shooting suspect with right-wing political ties had an Italian flag tied around his neck as he was arrested hours later in the city of Macerata. Authorities identified him as Luca Traini, a 28-year-old Italian with no previous record.
Traini had run for town council on the anti-migrant Northern League's ticket in a local election last year in Corridonia, the party confirmed, but its mayoral candidate lost the race. The news agency ANSA quoted friends of his as saying that Traini had previously been affiliated with Italian extremist parties like the neo-fascist Forza Nuova and CasaPound.
As the violent attack unfolded in Macerata in Italy's central Marche region, police told residents to stay inside and ordered a halt to public transport to limit the casualties. Such violent shootings are rare in Italy, and usually associated with the southern Italian mafia.
A video posted by the il Resto di Carlino newspaper later showed the suspect with an Italian flag draped over his shoulders being arrested by armed Carabinieri officers in the city center, near where he apparently fled his car on foot. Italian news reports said a gun was found inside the car and the suspect did a Fascist salute as he was arrested, but no salute was visible in the video.
The shooting spree came days after the slaying of 18-year-old Pamela Mastropietro and amid a heated electoral campaign in Italy where anti-foreigner sentiment has become a key theme. Italy has been struggling with large numbers of migrants coming across the Mediterranean Sea.
Macerata Mayor Romano Carancini confirmed that five foreign men and one woman, all black, were wounded in Saturday's shooting spree, and one was left with life-threatening injuries. All were hospitalized.
"They were all color, this is obviously a grave fact. As was grave what happened to Pamela. The closeness of the two events makes you imagine there could be a connection," Carancini said.
Mastropietro's dismembered remains were found Wednesday in two suitcases two days after she walked away from a drug rehab community. A judge on Saturday confirmed the arrest of the main suspect, identified as 29-year-old Innocent Oseghale.
ANSA reported that the black car used in Saturday's shooting spree had been seen in the area where the woman's body was found and also near where the suspect lived.
Italian Premier Paolo Gentiloni said Italy would be "particularly severe against whoever thinks of nourishing this spiral of violence."
"We will stop this risk. We will stop it right away. We will stop it together," Gentiloni declared.
Italy is heading into a general election on March 4 and the head of the rebranded League party, Matteo Salvini, had capitalized on the teen's killing in campaign appearances even before the shooting Saturday. He is pledging to deport 150,000 migrants in his first year in office if his party wins control of parliament and he is named premier.
That has drawn sharp rebukes that Salvini is using the migrant crisis to foment xenophobia for political gain.
Salvini's League, which dropped the "northern" from its name in a bid for a national following, has joined a center-right coalition with Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia and Giorgia Meloni's much smaller Brothers of Italy. They are running against Matteo Renzi's much-splintered center-left Democratic Party and the populist 5-Star Movement.
Salvini told reporters Saturday at a campaign stop in Bologna that he would bring security to Italy.
"Whoever shoots is a delinquent, no matter the skin color. It is clear that out-of-control immigration ... brings social conflict," he said.
Senate president Pietro Grasso, who is fielding a small liberal party called "Free and Equal," chastised Salvini for using a tragedy for electoral gain.
"Whoever, like Salvini, exploits news events and tragedies for electoral purposes is among those responsible for the spiral of hatred and violence that we must stop as soon as possible," Grasso said.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — The New York Islanders will split their regular-season home games between Long Island's Nassau Coliseum and Brooklyn's Barclays Center beginning next year while a new arena is built at Belmont Park under an arrangement announced Monday by Gov. Andrew Cuomo.
The Islanders plan to play 12 games at the Coliseum in Nassau County next season, and 48 more games over the 2019-2020 and 2020-2021 seasons. The new arena is expected to open in time for the following season.
"Let's rock the barn!" team owner Jon Ledecky said Monday, using a fan nickname for the Coliseum, where the Islanders played from 1972 until 2015, when they relocated to Brooklyn.
Fans expressed displeasure with that move, and last month the team announced plans for the facility on the grounds at Belmont, home of the third leg of horse racing's Triple Crown. The $1 billion project will also include a hotel, restaurants, meeting space and other amenities.
"We're going to fill all 18,000 seats when we open the NHL season at Belmont arena," Cuomo said.
To meet NHL venue requirements the state will invest $6 million in upgrades at the Coliseum. The work is expected to be finished this fall, in time for the start of next season.
Rather than talking about the normal inshore fishing, we'll talk a little bit about offshore.
If you're brave enough to venture out and get into an all-out battle with the monsters offshore, then contact Offshore Hustler Fishing Charters out of Saint Pete Beach. I had the pleasure of going on a 12 hour red snapper trip. I can tell you first hand that your arms will hurt for days, because Captain Pete will put you on the fish all day long.
We were fishing in 120 to 140 feet of water, catching big red grouper and lots of 30 inch plus red snappers as well as big mangrove snappers, lane snappers and vermillion snappers. The action was non-stop and the crew kept us rigged and in the water the entire trip. So when you're ready to do some great fishing offshore call Hustler Fishing Charters.
Now that I've told you about my awesome fishing trip, let's talk about some mackerel fishing in the bay. When the bottom fishing slows down in the middle of the day, it's time to free line some shrimp, small white bait or cut bait over the artificial reefs.
Recently we have been catching our limit of mackerel in about 40 minutes! We are using 30 pound leaders with 3/0 Mustad long shank hooks so that we will have less break offs without using a steel leader.
Now it's time to take these tips and get out there and fish!
What makes our charter service unique is that we cater to disabled veterans and wheelchair bound clients! Our boat is able to accommodate wheelchairs and is ADA compliant. IF YOU'RE A DISABLED VETERAN YOUR TRIP IS FREE!!! This is our way we give back to our veterans.
Pocket change inshore fishing charters
Capt. Anthony Corcella
727-432-6446
www.fishtampabaycharters.com
Check us out on Facebook Pocket Change Inshore Fishing Charter
Junior B hockey's Pelham Panthers and Thorold Blackhawks were reminded that baseball legend Yogi Berra knew what he was talking about when he said “it ain't over 'til it's over.”
With 9:05 remaining in regulation and the host team seemingly out of it after falling behind 5-0, the Blackhawks appeared well on their way to their third win in a row.
On Sunday those appearances were deceiving, to say the least.
Pelham scored five answered goals, the last on the power play 31 seconds into overtime, for a 7-6 win to snap a three-game losing streak.
The come-from-behind victory was the Panthers' first win against former coach Scott Barnes after starting the season series versus the Blackhawks with two losses in regulation.
Barnes purchased the Thorold franchise and installed himself as head coach during the off-season.
Goals were scored in waves except for one. An afternoon contest that did nothing for goals-against averages or save percentages began with Thorold jumping out to that large lead.
That was followed by a mini run of two goals by Pelham and, after the Blackhawks interrupted that offensive flow, five goals by the Panthers to clinch the win.
Chris Webber led Pelham with three goals, including the game-winner. Matt Ruigrok, with two goals, Noah Caperchione and Kurt Villani rounded out the scoring for the Panthers, who outshot the Blackhawks 40-30.
Daniel Lowe, with three goals in a row in the first period for a natural trick, Brandon Charlton, two, and Blair Jenkins scored for Thorold.
Pelham went 3-for-9 on the power play; Thorold, 2-for-5.
The Panthers improved their seventh-place record in the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League's nine-team Golden Horseshoe Conference to 10-18-1-2.
They enter the week three points ahead of the Fort Erie Meteors, 8-17-1-3, and three points behind the Welland Jr. Canadians, 11-15-3-1.
The Blackhawks dropped to 11-12-3-3, good enough for fifth in the Golden Horseshoe, three points ahead of Welland.
The Jr. Canadians had an opportunity to keep pace with Thorold in Sunday night action on the Golden Horseshoe schedule. However, Welland's home game against the cellar-dwelling Buffalo Regals, 1-26-0-3, was postponed due to inclement weather in western New York.
The Jr. Canadians lead the season series against the league's only U.S.-based team three wins to none.
Date for a makeup game has yet to be announced by the league.
One conference game is on tap for Tuesday. The league-leading Caledonia Corvairs, 25-3-0-1, are at Buffalo for a 7 p.m. faceoff, weather permitting.
bfranke@postmedia.com
BAGHDAD (AP) — An influential Iraqi Shiite cleric is urging his fighters to hand state-issued weapons back to the government following the declaration of victory against the Islamic State group.
Muqtada al-Sadr also called on his forces to hand some of the territory they control to other branches of Iraq's security forces, but said his men would remain as protectors of a holy Shiite shrine in Samarra, north of Baghdad.
Al-Sadr's speech was broadcast on Iraq television on Monday.
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared victory over IS in a national address on Saturday evening, after Iraqi forces cleared the last IS strongholds from Iraq's western desert.
Al-Sadr's fighters took up arms against IS in the summer of 2014 after the fall of Mosul and are officially part of the government-sanctioned Popular Mobilization Forces.
Transcript for Former Temptations singer Dennis Edwards dead at 74
At a passing to report from the world of music tonight. You know the song longtime temptations singer Dennis Edwards and Papa was Rolling Stone. Learned he died in Chicago today he would have turned 75. Tomorrow.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
IEC employees repair the damage caused to the company's equipment as a result of a rocket fired by terrorists.
On Wednesday evening, IEC employees repaired the damage caused to the company's equipment in the Gaza vicinity as a result of a rocket fired by terrorists.
Yesterday, damage from rocket strikes caused severe power disruptions to the southern Gaza Strip.
At the order of Energy Minister Yuval Steinitz, the equipment will be repaired tonight only after a lull and an end to the rocket fire, in order not to endanger the workers of the Israel Electric Corporation.
The Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories, Major General Kamil Abu Rukun, explained to the Arabs of the Gaza Strip why many of them suffer from a lack of electricity. The coordinator wrote in Arabic on his Facebook page that "the massive firing during the day of the Islamic Jihad terrorist organization, under the auspices of the Hamas terrorist organization, damaged the electricity infrastructure and caused a malfunction in the electricity supply to your homes during the blessed month of Ramadan."
"Residents of the Gaza Strip, it is time to wake up and understand that Hamas and Islamic Jihad are using you as hostages and continue their repeated attempts to escalate the situation at your expense, when you are the ones most hurt," added Rokon.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) - Kaohsiung police and prosecutors recently attributed the success of Taiwan's recent biggest-ever drug seizure to the newly established national big data center for illegal drugs.
Taiwanese police have seized more than four tons of illegal drugs in a nationwide operation running ahead of the Lunar New Year, and police attributed the success of the operation to the big data analytics, which was implemented a year ago.
Kaohsiung prosecutors told the media that police began collecting information ranging from addresses, phone numbers, license plate numbers, types of drugs, and drug ring connections. With that, more than 67 million call detail records, and a data set of 540,000 names and phone numbers have been utilized police drug trafficking operations as of the end of February.
Kaohsiung Chief prosecutor Wang Chieh-to (王捷拓) explained that big data allows more-accurate predictions, better decisions, and precise interventions across the country, and has resulted in more successful operations over the past year.
Wang said that the big data analytics can help track down the main source of drugs with the aim of busting drug rings and halting the increase of drug abuse. In the long term, the database will also assist the Ministry of Health and Welfare with its drug rehabilitation efforts and to cut down on the number of drug users.
Taiwanese authorities on April 16 also uncovered the largest methamphetamine factory in the country to date, with 107 kg of crystallized methamphetamine, 142 kg of half-processed methamphetamine, and 7,000 kg of materials sets to produce the drug being seized following a raid on a sheet metal house in Tucheng District, New Taipei City.
Transcript for Heat wave stokes fears of raging wildfires in the West
An't wait for that. Thatummer scorcher and those wildfires that are raging out west right now look ae map. At least 63 fires burning in 13 es and with dangerous heat coming, the situation onl get worse. One of those huge fires is bug in caliia's wine country and ABC's W cr is there. Good morning to you. Reporter: Good morng. There are re than 2,000 firefighters wg war on the county here. It ces as fires arexploding everytern STE devouri land and homes no end sight. This morning wiles scorching the western united es. The spring fire raging across southern coloro torching 80,000 acres destrg more than 100 homes, fire IGNIT by an alleged arsonist. E 600 firefightersating thelames doing everything they ca save lives and homes. A security camera captures the ldfire ki one couple's vacation home, a srk remr of nature's fury.63 wildfires nowurning in more th dozen states. All fuel boiling temperatures, strong winds and bone dry conditions. G many in fear of losing everything We're ready to go if wve to. I'm scared. Eporter: Meanwhilen northern California some deciding to stayput. Makinure when ie up in the morning if the house is on firenow I did my St. Reporr: The overall dange spreading far beyond thewest. This fourth of July set to be one of the country'stest in history. Witht in mind we're expecting triple deg heat in californnd since the day is July 4th authorities asking fo residents acrosshis region to be mil of using fireworks because only takes spark start that next big fire. Paula. Important remier, will Carr, thank you. The temperatures are fueling
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
French President Francois Hollande has arrived in Iraq amid a fierce fight against the Islamic State group.
During his one-day visit which started on Monday, Hollande is scheduled to meet with Iraqi President Fuad Masum and Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in the capital, Baghdad. Later, he'll travel to the country's self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet French troops and local officials.
The visit comes as Iraqi troops, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, are fighting IS in a massive operation to retake the northern city of Mosul.
France is part of the U.S.-led international coalition formed in late 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria and declaring an Islamic "caliphate." Like some European countries, France has suffered terrorist attacks claimed by IS.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 17-5-1 17-8-2 9-3-1 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 16-6-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 18-7-1 11-8-4 8-4-3 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 13-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 18-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 13-8-3 12-8-5 5-6-1 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 16-8-1 11-11-3 8-5-2 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 13-9-4 11-8-4 5-2-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 13-8-3 12-13-2 7-7-1 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 11-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 11-8-3 9-14-3 6-4-1 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 10-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 12-10-5 8-14-1 9-6-2 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 9-11-5 6-13-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 6-13-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 19-3-2 13-9-2 11-1-1 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 18-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 16-5-3 13-7-4 10-4-2 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 18-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 17-8-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 14-7-3 12-9-4 12-2-3 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 12-9-3 15-9-2 6-9-3 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 17-4-4 10-14-1 8-8-0 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 14-9-3 11-8-6 8-5-5 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 12-11-3 13-5-5 8-5-3 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 18-7-1 9-11-2 7-6-1 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 12-10-3 12-9-4 6-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 8-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
FRISCO, Texas (AP) — Ezekiel Elliott plopped a cowboy hat on his head and flashed a wide smile that made him look like someone closing in on a few weeks of vacation.
"Feel like a real cowboy," the star Dallas running back said after the second-to-last offseason practice Wednesday. "Do I look the part?"
He certainly looked the part in what mattered last year: NFL rushing champion as a rookie fourth overall draft pick. Now the question is the encore, and the offseason handling of a known commodity at a position predisposed to short careers.
"We're pushing forward with him," offensive coordinator Scott Linehan said. "We've got to still manage that for him. But certainly we'll want to amp it up this year as far as his ability to affect the game in the run game and the pass game."
Elliott missed the first week of offseason practices after hitting his head as a passenger in a car accident, the second straight year he was involved in a car wreck during the offseason program.
Still not cleared by the NFL despite authorities dropping a domestic case in Ohio last year, Elliott made headlines again in March when he pulled down a woman's shirt during a St. Patrick's Day parade. As a result, questions about his off-field activities persist.
Running backs coach Gary Brown says he sees a more disciplined Elliott, and the former Ohio State star acknowledged easing up on his nightlife in recent weeks as the team's offseason program accelerated.
"You learn from your mistakes," Elliott said. "And if you don't, it could be brutal."
When Elliott reports to training camp after a five-week break, he'll be preparing for what figures to be a similar workload after he led the NFL with 322 carries for his league-best 1,631 yards.
Because Elliott is a good blocker and pass-catcher, the Cowboys really don't have a reason to take their All-Pro off the field, except they know they must.
And that's why the question comes up even though Elliott turns just 22 the day the team is scheduled to arrive in California.
"You have to learn how much your body can take," said Elliott, the fifth rookie to lead the NFL in rushing since the 1970 merger.
"That's really important, so developing a routine, week in, week out, that will keep you fresh, that will keep you from having those nagging injuries."
Quarterback Dak Prescott was the fellow rookie sensation who helped the Cowboys to a 13-3 record and top seed in the NFC before losing to Green Bay in a divisional playoff. The NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year faces the same encore question.
"We're going to get better together," said Prescott, who set rookie records in passer rating (104.9) and completion rate (67.8 percent). "He's kind of my partner in crime. If I need something, he's going to make sure on the field and off the field it happens."
Elliott had a 60-yard score and an 83-yard touchdown on a screen pass as a rookie, but breakaway runs top his list of ways to improve in his second season. Brown said drills where Elliott tries to elude defensive backs are one way to work on what they call second-level running.
"You try to come up with different creative ways to keep him motivated, other than the way he is motivated already by just being better," Brown said. "But you've still got to give him more. You don't want it to get stale."
Elliott is listening.
"You can say I've proven myself, but I've got to keep doing that," he said. "So it's all just kind of learning this offense inside out and kind of learning more beyond what I do."
___
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Do opportunities exist in the Israeli job market for new arrivals?
Emotions overflow as new Olim welcomed from France
The Aliyah Team welcomes an expert on the Israeli job market scene. His company offers free assistance for both employers and employees.
Learn about the dynamic opportunities existing in Israel today.
CRESTVIEW, Fla. — A Florida man arrested for destroying a liquor store under construction told police he was Alice in Wonderland and that a “hookah-smoking caterpillar” ordered him to attack the site.
Crestview police said in a post on Facebook that Matthew Horace Jones is accused of breaking into a fenced-in area and using a forklift to cause more than US$100,000 in damage. He faces grand theft felony and other charges.
Witnesses called 911 and police went to the site. The police report says Jones aimed the forklift toward officers, who stopped him at gunpoint.
Police quoted Jones as identifying himself as Alice in Wonderland, blaming the attack on “a hookah-smoking caterpillar” and saying that he had a problem with “building a place to sell alcohol.”
No lawyer is listed for him.
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for his role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described him as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident he will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where he had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted him and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
She added that other members of his community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to his reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But his release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that he can stay in Los Angeles near his attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but he cannot leave the country. He was also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring him from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing him access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of his bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
Tnuva's new efficiency program, to be signed on Monday, will involve firing 300 workers who are collectively earning 1,000 million NIS. The agreement also includes a 7.5% raise for all Tnuva workers, as well as additional bonuses for the entire period of the agreement.
Tnuva is Israel's largest dairy producer. In 2014, Tnuva was sold to a Chinese company.
The efficiency program "will be mostly based on offers to retire early with above-average conditions." If not enough workers decide to retire early, the decision of which workers to lay off will be in the hands of Tnuva's management and the Maof Union.
Tnuva CEO Eyal Malis said the agreement "shows Tnuva's feeling of responsibility towards its workers, and of the workers towards the company. Tnuva is working to face the coming years' challenges from a point of strength. Together with the workers, we will continue working for the good of the Israeli consumer."
Workers' Committee Chairman Ahiav Simchi said, "Tnuva's workers are dedicated. They work day and night to help the company succeed and stay stable. This agreement shows Tnuva's appreciation to the workers' dedication, and recognizes their contribution to the company's success."
The decision to fire some workers was made in 2016, and it included a quarter of the company's management, as well.
PARADISE ISLAND, Bahamas (AP) — Brittany Lincicome beat darkness — with help from floodlights Sunday on the Ocean Club's 18th green — to win the Pure Silk-Bahamas LPGA Classic for the second straight year.
Lincicome birdied the final two holes and four of the last five for a 7-under 65 and a two-stroke victory over Wei-Ling Hsu in the event cut to 54 holes after wind wiped out play most of Friday.
"I try not to look at the leaderboard, so I was just hoping whatever was happening was in my group," Lincicome said. "I was just trying to keep up with those girls (Shanshan Feng and Amy Yang). I played with two great girls today. I knew it was going to be tough and my putter really saved me all day. I made a lot of great par saves and birdies coming in."
Lincicome completed a second-round 67 in the morning, playing nine holes in 3 under, to begin the final round two strokes behind the top-ranked Feng.
"It is grinding, but luckily I was playing well today, so to play 27 holes it wasn't as bad," Lincicome said. "It is definitely a grind. I felt we had the better draw because I got to sleep in most mornings and not get up at 5 a.m. every day, but it's definitely draining a little bit."
The 32-year-old Lincicome won her eighth career title. She finished at 12-under 207. Last year, she beat Lexi Thompson in a playoff.
Hsu closed with a 68. She worked during the winter to improve her low-ball play in wind.
"It looks pretty good this week," Hsu said. "Got to play a lot of low shots and playing into the wind, so very happy for me."
Feng had a 71 to tie for third with Yang (70) at 9 under. Thompson (71) was 7 under with Danielle Kang (68), Nelly Korda (69) and Bronte Law (69). Brooke Henderson, the leader Saturday night when play was suspended because of darkness, shot a 72 to finish ninth at 6 under.
Lincicome birdied the par-5 11th, par-4 14th and par-5 15th, chipping to 4 feet on 15 to tie Hsu at 11 under. Hsu holed a chip to save par on the par-4 16th, and Lincicome made an easier par save in the group behind with a blast to 4 feet from the right bunker.
Hsu bogeyed the par-3 17th when her putt horseshoed out and closed with a birdie on the par-5 18th.
"Probably not my time," Hsu said.
Lincicome made 15-foot birdie putts on the final two holes to wrap it up.
"My putter has been phenomenal these last three days," Lincicome said. "I don't think I've putted that well for a long time."
Fellow players celebrated by spraying and smearing the Pure Silk ambassador with the title sponsor's shaving cream.
"To have Pure Silk shaving cream all over me, that's amazing," Lincicome said.
An El Al flight which departed the Ben-Gurion Airport and headed toward London returned to Israel on Monday night due to a technical malfunction in the plane.
No state of emergency was declared.
Minister of Labor and Social Affairs Haim Katz has ordered that the monthly communication payments and the four-year communications basket for the deaf at retirement age (from 62 and 67 for women and men, respectively) be equated to their working-age levels.
So far, deaf people who have reached retirement age have had to deal with a 25% reduction when they leave work, averaging 100 shekels per month on average, and a four-year limited communications channel of NIS 941. When the order goes into effect, any deaf person of pensionable age who is entitled to a communication payment will be entitled to a maximum monthly payment of NIS 415 for a deaf person who has worked and NIS 379 for a deaf person who has not worked and a four-year communications basket of NIS 3,768 for the rest of his or her life.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Justice Department won't retry Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez and co-defendant after judge acquitted them on some counts.
It's easy enough for people who live in cities to hail a ride, either from a taxi or a service like Uber or Lyft. There's plenty of demand, and plenty of drivers. A startup is trying to bring a similar service to rural America, but it has required some creative thinking.
The town of Van Wert sits on the western edge of Ohio. It's a stretch of flat farm country punctuated with grain silos and a stone castle that's listed as the nation's first county public library.
It doesn't seem like the first place a ride-hailing service would likely come. But Erica Petrie says maybe that's a mistake.
Petrie is the mobility manager of the seven-county Area Agency on Aging. Her job is to find transportation options in Van Wert, which has no buses, one cab and a lot of needs.
"The quick turnaround needs: 'Can someone help me get to the doctor?' We see short-term needs: 'Normally I'm able to drive, but my car's in the shop,' " she says.
So Petrie helped recruit Liberty Mobility Now to Van Wert. The startup began in Nebraska about two years ago and has expanded to Texas and Ohio. It's also on its way to Colorado.
Founder Valerie Lefler grew up on a dairy farm and worked on rural transportation issues at the University of Nebraska. She created Liberty as a business, but she talks about it as a mission — one requiring drivers to do more than leave customers at the door.
"We really look for folks who are altruistic, that would want to do this anyway because that's what they would do for their best friend or their own mother," Lefler says.
One of those people is Shelia Mendoza, whose mission in life, she says, is to be a grandma.
Mendoza has worked for a dry cleaner and at a Wal-Mart. She's sold insurance, made RV cabinets and briefly ran Shelia's Cornucopia Cove. And when Liberty came to Van Wert two months ago, she was one of about a dozen drivers recruited and trained.
The grandmother of 17 and self-described talker was a natural. That's because while part of Liberty's model is built on an app designed to work in rural geographies, much more of it is built on relationships.
For example, Mendoza developed a relationship with her first customer who'd lost his license but found a job: the midnight shift at a meat processing plant. A county agency was willing to cover transportation costs for a few weeks until he could get his license back.
"I always had him there five to 10 minutes early," Mendoza says. "We would stop and get coffee sometimes ... before he would go to work. Once in a while he paid for mine."
Since he regained his license, things have slowed down for Mendoza.
"I was happy he got his car, I was happy he got his license. He's a better person for that because I know he hated getting hauled around by an old lady," she says and laughs.
She's hoping business will pick up, and her hopes rest with a lower-tech option Liberty is launching: a call center for those who don't or can't use an app.
"I've heard a lot of people say, 'Well, I don't want anything like that on my phone; I don't have room,' " she says.
Scott Bogren of the Community Transportation Association of America, which specializes in smaller and rural transportation issues, says the call center shows that Liberty understands its target community.
"The adult children of these seniors who can book rides for mom — they're going to use an online service," he says. "And combine that with the ability for mom to call in and talk to somebody that she can get to know — there's the sweet spot."
Because of chronic transportation needs, Liberty is partnering with United Ways, hospitals, health departments and other social service agencies.
Rides cost $1.25 to book and $1 per mile. The fees are a small fraction of what the cabby charges, but Liberty says it will also make referrals if the taxi's a better fit.
Petrie says all of that captures the spirit of the area.
"I like that the drivers are from the communities," she says. "People are I think more polite, more neighborly. That's just what is going to fit here."
Liberty Mobility is hoping to find similar fits all across America.
M.L. Schultze is a reporter with NPR member station WKSU. You can follow her @MLSchultze.
Copyright 2017 WKSU-FM. To see more, visit WKSU-FM
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
It's pretty easy for people who live in cities to get a ride either from a taxi or a service like Uber or Lyft. In cities, there's a lot of demand and a lot of drivers. The next story is about a startup that's using some creative thinking to try to bring ride hailing service to rural America. M.L. Schultze of member station WKSU reports.
M L SCHULTZE, BYLINE: The town of Van Wert sits on the western edge of Ohio, a stretch of flat farm country punctuated with grain silos and a stone castle that's listed as the nation's first county public library. Fewer than 11,000 people live here, so it's not the first place a ride sharing service would likely come. But Erica Petrie says maybe that's a mistake. She's the mobility manager for the seven-county Area Agency on Aging, and her job is to find transportation options in Van Wert, which has no buses, one cab and lots of needs.
ERICA PETRIE: Quick turnaround needs - can someone help me get to the doctor? Short-term needs - normally I'm able to drive, but my car's in the shop.
SCHULTZE: So Petrie helped recruit Liberty Mobility Now to Van Wert. The startup began in Nebraska about two years ago and has expanded to Texas and Ohio and is heading to Colorado. Founder Valerie Lefler grew up on a dairy farm and worked on rural transportation issues at the University of Nebraska. She created Liberty as a business, but she talks about her business as a mission, one requiring drivers to do more than leave customers at the door.
VALERIE LEFLER: We really look for folks who are altruistic, that would want to do it anyway because that's what they would do for their best friend or their own mother.
SCHULTZE: People like Shelia Mendoza.
SHELIA MENDOZA: My mission in life was to be a grandma.
SCHULTZE: Mendoza has also worked for a dry cleaner, at a Wal-Mart, sold insurance, made RV cabinets and briefly ran Shelia's Cornucopia Cove. When Liberty came to Van Wert two months ago, she was one of about a dozen drivers recruited and trained. The grandmother of 17 and self-described talker was a natural. That's because while part of Liberty's model is built on an app designed to work in rural geographies, much more of it is built on relationships, like the one Mendoza developed with her first customer who'd lost his license but found a job - midnight shift at a meat processing plant. A county agency was willing to cover transportation costs for a few weeks until he could get his license back.
MENDOZA: I always had him there five to 10 minutes early. We would stop and get coffee sometimes before he would go to work. Once in a while, he paid for mine (laughter).
SCHULTZE: Since he regained his license, things have slowed for Mendoza.
MENDOZA: I was happy he got his car. I was happy he got his license. He's a better person for that because I know he hated getting hauled around by an old lady (laughter).
SCHULTZE: She's hoping business will pick up, and her hopes rest with a lower-tech option Liberty is launching - a call center for those who don't or can't use an app.
MENDOZA: I've heard a lot of people say, well, I don't want anything like that on my phone. I don't have room.
SCHULTZE: Scott Bogren of the Community Transportation Association of America which specializes in smaller and rural transportation issues, says the call center shows that Liberty understands its target community.
SCOTT BOGREN: The adult children of the seniors who can book rides for Mom - they're going to use an online service. And combine that with the ability for Mom to call in and talk to somebody that she can get to know - there's the sweet spot.
SCHULTZE: There are chronic transportation needs here, so Liberty is partnering with United Ways, hospitals, health departments and other social service agencies. Rides are a $1.25 to book and a dollar a mile. The fees are a small fraction of what the cabbie charges, but Liberty says it will also make referrals if the taxi's a better fit. Erica Petrie, the mobility manager for Van Wert and a lot of other small communities on the western edge of Ohio, says all of that captures the spirit of the area.
PETRIE: You know, I like that the drivers are from the communities. People are I think more polite, more neighborly. That's just what is going to fit here.
SCHULTZE: Valerie Lefler and Liberty Mobility are hoping to find similar fits all across America. For NPR News, I'm M.L. Schultze.
(SOUNDBITE OF BOOMBOX SONG, "BITS AND PIECES") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
The dangers faced by the silent ticking time bomb that is a brain aneurysm rupture are once again in the headlines. This time it has affected the Chicago White Sox's Danny Farquhar, too.
In March 2015, Lisa Colagrossi an Emmy Award-winning veteran anchor and reporter at ABC-owned station WABC-TV in New York died unexpectedly while on assignment from an undiagnosed brain aneurysm.
When we hear that someone suffered an aneurysm, it's in the context of learning about the event. People often hear that the person is in a critical state, and they can only hope that the person pulls through without any life-altering disabilities.
The current statistics are frightening to say the least
Of the over 40,000 ruptures that occur each year, 30-50 percent result in death. Up to 30 percent will have some form of disability. One-third may be able to resume their previous level of function and can fully recover.
It is estimated that 3 to 5 percent of the United States population harbor aneurysms.
Knowing the signs, symptoms along with the risk factors for a brain aneurysm is the first step in early detection and treatment
The signs and symptoms can include:
The most unique characteristic is the sudden onset of a severe headache or what some doctors describe as “the worst headache of your life.”
Sudden sensitivity to light.
Sudden stiffness of neck.
Sudden sharp pain behind or above one eye.
Sudden blurred or double vision.
Sudden numbness and tingling in facial area.
Sudden loss of consciousness.
Sudden confusion or change of mental status.
Seizure.
Perceived "gun shot" noise or extremely loud "BOOM."
Drooping eyelid, nausea and vomiting.
If you are experiencing one or several of the indicators above, seek immediate medical attention.
Some of the risk factors often associated with a brain aneurysm are as follows:
A family history of someone who suffered a brain aneurysm, particularly a first-degree relative, such as a parent, brother or sister.
Inherited connective tissue disorders, such as Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, that weakens blood vessels.
Polycystic kidney disease, an inherited disorder that results in fluid-filled sacs in the kidneys and usually increases blood pressure.
A history of smoking and hypertension.
In relation to the family history risk factor, there's currently available a screening test for this called an MRA screening or magnetic resonance angiogram. This is a type of MRI that looks specifically at the body's blood vessels.
Unfortunately, this test is not covered by most insurance companies.
"We at the Lisa Foundation are working with health care providers, hospitals and insurance providers in getting adequate screening for populations at risk for brain aneurysms," said Todd Crawford, executive director and founder of the Lisa Colagrossi Foundation.
One of the reasons we don't hear much about this affliction is that it's not on people's radar and it's often overshadowed by heart disease, ischemic stroke, or breast cancer.
Brain aneurysms are basically weak or thin parts of the blood vessel wall that eventually balloons outward and can be prone to rupture. Often, patients who are about to experience an aneurysm rupture may present with no clear symptoms. For those who rupture the prognosis is often grim. The increased need for ongoing education of this neurological disorder is critical.
It's our profound hope that we will be instrumental in increasing the chances for survival and reducing the often catastrophic disabilities brought on by an aneurysm.
The Lisa Foundation in its three-year existence is credited directly with saving many lives here in the United States and abroad through our outreach and education.
The Lisa Colagrossi Foundation, an ABC News partner, authored this column. Lisa Colagrossi was a WABC reporter in New York who died after suffering from an undiagnosed brain aneurysm at the age of 49 in March 2015.
A Chicago-area masseuse has accused former Marvel Comics editor-in-chief Stan Lee of sexual misconduct.
According to a lawsuit obtained by Los Angeles ABC station KABC, Maria Carballo has accused Lee of assault, battery, violation of the Illinois Gender Violence Act, and emotional distress, and named his former assistant, Max Anderson, in a count of civil conspiracy, stemming from two separate massage therapy sessions on April 21 and 22, 2017, in a Chicago hotel room.
Carballo is seeking more than $50,000 in damages for each count and reimbursement for her attorney fees.
“For a long time, I was afraid to ask anyone to help me hold Mr. Lee accountable for how he treated me. He is rich and famous. I am not. After seeing other women fight to be treated with dignity and respect, I decided, 'Me too,'" Carballo stated. "I am still nervous and afraid, but not as much as I was before because I have other people helping me.”
KABC has also confirmed that on March 16, a female victim filed a police report alleging that a male client touched her inappropriately while she was performing a duty in related to her occupation. The victim said the inappropriate contact occurred on April 22, 2017.
Lee's attorney did not immediately respond to KABC's request for comment, but did tell The Chicago Tribune that Lee was shocked by the allegations, which he denied. The attorney also said he was not aware of a criminal investigation and said the allegations might be part of "a shakedown."
"The guy is 95," he added. "I don't think he would do that."
Anderson has not responded to a request for comment.
The lawsuit states that during the first massage session, Lee fondled himself while lying face down and later began to moan and groan, which made Carballo so uncomfortable that she ended the massage early and left. However, her employer, the owner of Therapy Professionals, asked that she return to Lee's hotel room to give him a second massage upon his request, according to the lawsuit. After two refusals, her employer called her a third time to say that Lee had apologized and assured her that there would be no further incidents, the lawsuit states.
Fearing for her job, Carballo returned to Lee's hotel to give him a massage, during which he began to moan, according to the lawsuit. To create distance from him, she began to do a Shiatsu massage, which can be performed with the feet, at which point Lee allegedly put his genitals against her foot, according to the lawsuit. After that, she claims she immediately stopped the massage and left, the lawsuit states.
"Not long thereafter, [Carballo] told her daughter and best friend about what happened but was fearful that, in light of Lee's wealth and status, reporting the incident to the police would hurt her job," the lawsuit states. "After seeing other women protest in connection with the Me Too movement, [she] decided to fight for her dignity by standing up for herself."
KABC's Julie Sone contributed to this report.
ABC News and Marvel Comics are both part of parent company Disney.
Dressed for every game and firing up teammates on the sidelines, you wouldn't have guessed that Tre Swilling was redshirting last year, but he did and he heads into spring ball with a chance to compete for a starting job. Swilling the son of Georgia Tech legend Pat Swilling will compete at the boundary corner spot and could even potentially end up at free safety over time as his body matures and fills out.
Swilling was on the edge of playing last year as a true freshman, but the Jackets staff played a short bench at corner using just Lamont Simmons and occasionally Ajani Kerr off the pine. Both starters Step Durham and Lance Austin are gone, Simmons and Kerr are the only two players with any real game experience. Swilling and sophomore Jaytlin Askew who played on special teams seem to be the obvious options to compete for a starting job.
With a blank slate and a new staff on the defensive side of the ball, a player who plays as aggressively as Swilling did in high school could fit nicely into Nate Woody's new defensive scheme. Woody's defenses are always among the top in interceptions and forced turnovers so a ballhawk like Swilling should be a good fit.
The competition at corner will be an interesting one this offseason and Tre Swilling could be a name fans say a lot in the fall when the season rolls around.
CONCORD, N.H. (AP) — Looking to strike a balance between ice-free roads and clean waterways, public works departments around the country are working to cut their salt use in winter by slathering the roadways with beet juice, molasses, and even beer waste to make them safer.
Rock salt for decades has provided the cheapest and most effective way to cut down on traffic accidents and pedestrian falls during winter storms. But researchers cite mounting evidence that those tons of sodium chloride crystals — more than 20 million nationwide each year — are increasing the salinity of hundreds of lakes, especially in the Northeast and Midwest. That is putting everything from fish and frogs to microscopic zooplankton at risk.
"There has been a sense of alarm on the impacts of road salt on organisms and ecosystems," said Victoria Kelly, a road salt expert at the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies in New York. "We've seen increasing concentrations in river water, lakes, streams. Then, scientists started asking the question: What is going to happen to the organisms living in freshwater bodies and what will happen to the freshwater bodies as a whole?"
Believed to be first used in the 1940s in New Hampshire, salt became the go-to de-icing agent as cities expanded, highways were built and motorists came to expect clear roads. More than a million truckloads a year are deployed in ice-prone climes, most heavily in the Northeast and Midwest.
But many state and local agencies are seeking ways to reduce salt use as its environmental impacts are becoming more apparent.
They have turned to high-tech equipment to spread salt more efficiently, better weather forecasting to time their salting, and liquefied organic additives that help salt stick to pavement. That reduces salt use by preventing it from washing away immediately.
Agencies from New Jersey to North Dakota are using a mixture that includes beet juice; New Hampshire and Maine use one with molasses. Highway departments also have turned to beer waste, pickle brine and, in at least one Wisconsin county, cheese brine.
"Adding salt to the environment does have negative impacts, but for those of us in the Northeast, especially in rural states, where driving is the predominant way of getting around, we need mobility," said Jonathan Rubin, director of the Margaret Chase Smith Policy Center and lead author on a 2010 report on the cost and benefits of salting Maine roads.
"In my opinion, we are always going to be using some degree of road salt," he said. "The question is, can we use less?"
Salt corrosion already causes billions of dollars in damage each year to cars, roads and bridges — and now there are growing signs it's making freshwater ecosystems saltier. In the past 50 years, chloride concentrations in some lakes and rivers quadrupled and, in a few, increased a hundredfold.
Last year, a study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences concluded that more than 40 percent of 327 lakes examined had experienced long-term salinization, and that thousands more were at a risk. Researchers also estimated nearly 50 lakes in the study, including small ones in Minnesota, Wisconsin and Rhode Island, could surpass the Environmental Protection Agency's chloride threshold concentration by 2050, potentially harming aquatic life.
Earlier this month, the University of Maryland's Sujay Kaushal led another PNAS study that showed how road salt also results in the release of other salts like potassium and magnesium along with toxic metals like lead and copper into the nation's waterways. Dubbed the freshwater salinization syndrome, Kaushal said this has caused a spike in salinity and alkaline levels at nearly 230 sites in the East and Midwest including the Hudson, Potomac, and Mississippi rivers.
Experiments at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute aquatic lab in Troy, New York, have found that higher salt concentrations reduced growth rates in rainbow trout and decreased the abundance of zooplankton — tiny animals or larvae that are critical to the aquatic food chain and play a role in keeping lakes and streams clean.
Other studies have shown that salinization of lakes and streams reduces the numbers of fish and amphibians, kills off plants, and alters the diversity of these freshwater ecosystems.
"At high road salt concentrations, you can see reductions in growth, reduction in the diversity of species within a system and you can also see effects on reproduction of certain species," said William Hintz, of Rensselaer Polytechnic.
Despite such environmental concerns, Caleb Dobbins, New Hampshire's highway maintenance engineer, doesn't envision salt being replaced anytime soon by substitutes, such as magnesium acetate, which he says are 30 times more expensive and have their own environmental challenges.
"Everybody is looking throughout the world," he said. "Nobody is finding that silver bullet."
TEMECULA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Created by a pioneering joint venture between the Aryamond Group and Serenity Technologies, Moisond ™ looks to reinvent one of the world's most precious stones, a revolutionary lab-grown gemstone made of enhanced moissanite that we call Moissanite Plus™. A rare mineral found in nature, moissanite is composed of silicon carbide and its origins lie in deep space - the substance was first discovered on earth in a meteor crater by Nobel Prize-winning scientist Henri Moissan. Moissanite stands out in the universe of precious stones for its brilliance and fire that eclipses even that of diamonds. Equally impressive is the stone's durability - it ranks 9.25 - 9.5 on the Mohs scale making it the second hardest gem in the world.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006530/en/
Our groundbreaking Moisond™ gem represents the next step in the development of lab-created moissanite. (Photo: Business Wire)
Given its scarcity, scientific advances have permitted the creation of lab-grown moissanite. Moisond ™ gems are created from cut & polished lab-grown moissanite in our state-of-the-art laboratory in California according to the highest quality standards. Our advanced gem-making process, which has been perfected by our in-house team includes a special patented treatment to further enhance the moissanite stone's luster and brilliance by CVD growth of a nanodiamond matrix to form the skin of our ideally cut moissanite gem.
The result is an exquisitely engineered gem and an attractive option for imaginative jewelers looking for rare, one-of-a-kind stones and sophisticated clients in search of a standout piece with a sustainable provenance and a technological backstory. The remarkable beauty of Moisond ™ reimagines the world of precious stones to deliver an extraordinary gem tailored to 21 st century tastes.
What is Moisond ™ ?
Our Exquisitely Engineered Moisond ™ Gem is an Innovative Breakthrough That Seeks to Disrupt the Tradition-Bound Jewelry Industry and Provide Today's Sophisticated, Forward-Looking Clientele with a Gemstone Befitting the 21 st Century.
From its creation in the lab, to the cutting and hand finishing of the stone, followed by the proprietary Moissanite Plus™ treatment, we follow our one-of-a-kind Moisond ™ gems step by step to ensure the highest quality standards and are able to place into the hands of jewelers a colorless (DEF) to near colorless (GHI) stone with traceable and sustainable provenance that has more fire and brilliance than any other hard gem or jewel in the market. Moisond ™ comes with a limited lifetime warranty.
Discover the beauty of Moisond ™, discover the gemstone for the Modern Age.
Why Moisond ™
To the Naked Eye Our Revolutionary Moisond ™ Gemstone Possesses a Unique Sparkle and Diamond-Like Appearance That Easily Distinguishes It from Traditional Moissanite Stones.
Our experienced team of engineers and material scientists have worked on a cutting-edge, proprietary technology to create an enhanced version - we call Moissanite Plus™ - of the lab-created moissanite gem, altering the stone's optical appearance to deliver a colorless (DEF) to near-colorless (GHI) stone with the brilliance, dispersion and scintillation one expects from a diamond.
Our unique gem development process, which is protected by two patents [US9,108,888 and US9,883,723], provides our cut and polished Moisond ™ gemstone with a crystalline treatment of a high-RI (refractive index) CVD grown nano-diamond matrix specially tailored to silicon carbide, the chemical composition of moissanite. The successful application of our innovative treatment on the gems has been independently tested and verified by RJ Lee Group, a respected industrial forensics analytical laboratory in the United States. Our exclusive Moisond ™ gem will be available with an optional proprietary spray that further protects the gem's sparkle so it will be a dazzling centerpiece when mounted onto fine jewelry.
Thanks to our advanced, patented technologies, Moisond ™ offers an ethically responsible and aesthetically stunning gemstone whose splendor is unsurpassed, permitting jewelers and clients the chance to admire a masterpiece that is one of a kind.
Discover the beauty of Moisond ™ and start a new tradition today.
The Moisond ™ Fine Jewelry Collection
The Debut Collection from Moisond ™ Captures the Imagination with an Incredible Assortment of Exquisitely Crafted Pieces That Look to Redefine the World of Bridal Fine Jewelry.
The focal point of the collection is our revolutionary Moisond ™ gem, an innovative lab-created gemstone composed of enhanced moissanite whose fire and brilliance is unmatched in the world of precious stones. Crafted in 14k yellow, rose and white gold, our collection of sophisticated fine jewelry shows off the impressive features of our signature Moisond ™ stone in solitaire and three stone rings, tennis bracelets, earrings and pendants. Our uniquely engineered Moisond ™ stones are available in a range of carat sizes and may be transformed into captivating round, princess, cushion or any fancy-cut shapes. Each of our Moisond ™ jewels is carefully cut to precise angles and proportions to ensure it maximizes the brilliance, fire and luster of these extraordinary stones. Each Moisond ™ jewel is a work of rare beauty and is the perfect expression of your love both today and for eternity.
About Moisond ™
Moisond ™ is offered by the Aryamond Singapore Pte Ltd., a Singapore-based company that is working at the intersection of cutting-edge technology and fine jewelry. The company is the sole worldwide manufacturer and distributor of Moisond ™, a revolutionary gemstone made of enhanced moissanite that we call Moissanite Plus™ that has been created with proprietary patented technology at our state-of-the-art laboratory in California, the innovation epicenter of the world.
The Aryamond Singapore Pte Ltd., Singapore is a joint venture collaboration between the Aryamond Group based in Singapore and Serenity Technologies Inc. based in California.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006530/en/
CONTACT: Serenity Technologies, Inc.
Jay Neogi, CEO
951-587-3753
jneogi@serenitytechnology.com
Offices: USA, Singapore, India, Hong Kong, UAE
www.moisond.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA SINGAPORE
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: WOMEN LUXURY NATURAL RESOURCES MINING/MINERALS RETAIL FASHION SPECIALTY CONSUMER BRIDAL
SOURCE: Serenity Technologies, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 05:57 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 05:57 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006530/en
Latest from @amyhollyfield at the scene of shooting investigation on SB 880 in San Leandro- all lanes remain closed for 3-4 more hours. pic.twitter.com/3WUImLp0JG — Alexis Smith (@AlexisABC7) August 14, 2017
Lots of red lights on Southbound 880 in San Leandro. Avoid! All lanes closed for police investigation- cars must exit at Lewelling. pic.twitter.com/R1q3xwZ6Sd — Amy Hollyfield (@amyhollyfield) August 14, 2017
Police say southbound I-880 in San Leandro has reopened after a shooting left one person in critical condition early Monday morning.The lanes were closed at 2:44 a.m. and a Sig-alert was issued a few minutes later, CHP officials said.Officers said a person was shot in the head overnight after someone in a white car pulled up to a dark car and fired into that vehicle.The victim was taken to a nearby hospital, and is in critical condition.Officials said there were passengers inside the car, but they are all OK.Police are still searching for the shooting suspect.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia (AP) — Petra Kvitova advanced to the second round of the St. Petersburg Ladies Trophy on Wednesday, and Caroline Garcia was eliminated.
Kvitova, playing as a wild-card entry, beat Elena Vesnina 6-2, 6-0. The two-time Wimbledon champion will next play Irina-Camelia Begu.
Garcia, ranked seventh in the world, lost to Russian qualifier Elena Rybakina 4-6, 7-6 (6), 7-6 (5).
Rybakina will next face either Julia Goerges or Roberta Vinci in the quarterfinals.
Christina Bethea was on her way to her security guard job in Midtown Manhattan early Monday morning.
Interested in New York? Add New York as an interest to stay up to date on the latest New York news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
But she never made it to work.
The 29-year-old had arrived at the massive Port Authority terminal after taking a bus from her home in Yonkers north of the city and then a city subway. She was about to walk out of the transit hub to her job.
“I walked down the stairs to go through the pathway that connects to the Port Authority and when I got to the end of it I heard a noise that went ‘boom',” she told ABC News. “It sounded like a big gunshot. One time.”
The explosive sound was the result of what authorities are calling "an attempted terrorist attack" that injured three people.
A 27-year-old suspect "intentionally detonated" an improvised, low-tech explosive device that was based on a pipe bomb and was attached to the suspect with Velcro and zip ties, authorities said. Three people were injured.
Bethea heard the sound first. Then she saw smoke.
“I saw that so I started running to get out of there,” she said. “I didn't know what was going on.”
She said others also fled at the sound of an explosion and smoke.
“We all just ran,” she said. “We all ran up the steps, and someone said, ‘What the hell was that?'”
Police arrived quickly, she said.
“Not even two minutes passed and all the police rushed into the Port Authority,” she said.
After calling her family and her best friend, Bethea heard the news that the explosion and smoke were from a detonated device.
Realizing she survived what may have been an attempted bombing, Bethea decided to head back home.
“It shakes you up,” she said. “If I didn't believe in God, I believe in God today,”
U.S. manufacturers cranked out more steel, machinery and electronics last month as factories appear to be rebounding after two years of stagnation.
Factory output rose 0.2 percent in January, its second straight increase, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday . While modest, the gain is equal to the industry's growth in all of 2016.
Manufacturers are benefiting from increased spending by businesses on industrial machinery and other equipment. Oil and gas drillers are building new rigs now that energy prices have stabilized after falling sharply two years ago. Cutbacks by drillers had caused orders for steel pipe and other drilling equipment to plummet. And weak overseas economies in Europe and China also cut into exports.
Yet those trends have largely reversed. Mining production rose 2.8 percent last month, pushed higher by a solid gain in oil and gas drilling.
Utility production fell 5.7 percent last month, as unseasonably warm weather reduced demand for heating. A broader measure of industrial production, which includes manufacturing, mining and utilities, dropped 0.3 percent.
Other measures of manufacturing output show steady improvement. Factories expanded at the fastest pace in more than two years last month, according to a private survey of purchasing managers. That survey also found that factories are hiring more.
And a separate gauge of new orders for U.S. factory goods rose in December at a solid pace, lifted by greater business spending on big-ticket items such as machinery and computers.
A strong dollar has weighed on exports because it makes U.S. goods more expensive overseas, though manufacturers appear to be adjusting to the currency's strength.
Seventeen immigrants were rescued from a stifling tractor-trailer in Texas on Sunday after being locked inside for as many as eight hours.
BRITAL, Lebanon (AP) — To bird lovers, the scenes are upsetting. Dozens of dead buzzards lie on a carpet of feathers on a rocky hill in northern Lebanon. Hunters pose with their catch — scores of calandra larks, known for their melodious birdsong, arranged neatly on the hoods of their Land Rovers.
Great white pelicans, protected both in Europe and Lebanon, soar overhead, then with a crack of rifle fire, tumble down into the shrubs below.
Posted on Lebanese social media in recent months, the images point to the enormity of the task facing authorities as they try to clamp down on hunting practices more at home in the "Wild West" than a country run by law.
Lebanon lies along key migratory routes for millions of European birds, including protected and endangered species, that winter in the Persian Gulf and Africa.
But even with a new law in place banning the hunting of protected species, conservationists say overhunting in Lebanon is undermining their efforts.
"Everybody hunts and they're not going to be able to put limits on it," said Wissam Arif, a hunter from Lebanon's eastern Bekaa Valley. "Sure, there should be licenses, but no one does anything about it."
A 2015 study by the conservation society Birdlife International estimated that 2.6 million birds are shot down in Lebanon each year. Per capita, that's second most in the eastern Mediterranean region, after Cyprus.
"European birders have invested a lot of time, tax money, and other resources to protect the last remaining breeding pairs, and this is all for nothing if the birds don't fly back," said Axel Hirschfeld, of the Germany-based Committee Against Bird Slaughter.
Conservationists credit Lebanese Environment Minister Tarek Khatib for bringing into force a 2004 hunting law that, they say, is as strict as any in Europe.
Last September, Khatib opened the country's first official hunting season in at least two decades, with the requirement that hunters take tests to get their licenses. The ministry awarded more than 18,000 hunting licenses.
But a month later, hunters from the town of Brital in the Bekaa Valley set up electronic bird callers and spinning lures to coax the birds down - a technique prohibited under the law.
None of the hunters in the valley could show a license to an Associated Press crew visiting the area, and nearly all declined to be identified by name because of the new hunting regulations.
A 53-year-old local said he would shoot down between 100 and 150 skylarks and chaffinches on a good day, but high winds and an intermittent drizzle meant he would catch just a fraction that morning. The legal limit is 50 per hunt.
In Lebanon, these small birds are typically prepared in a frying pan with a marinade of pomegranate molasses, wrapped in warm pita bread and eaten whole — the tiny bones giving the delicacy a pleasant crunch.
"That's a hawk," said a police deputy, pointing over the crop-less fields. The bird swayed as a rifle shot rang out, but stayed in the sky. "They shouldn't be shooting that."
The deputy, who was also hunting that day, said he was assigned to prison duty and that it wasn't his job to enforce hunting regulations.
Nearly every man hunting that morning had some sort of connection to the security forces - including a police investigator who said he would not report his friends.
But as this hunting season draws to an end next week, Khatib said he was positive about the law's impact.
"They are beginning to follow the law ... we've created a cultural change among the Lebanese," he told the AP.
For many Lebanese, hunting is a tradition passed down from father to son and an autumn ritual for men to pass weekend nights with friends before hunting at dawn. Smaller birds are usually cooked and eaten but the larger ones, including migratory birds, are shot just for sport.
"They bring in all types of birds," said Rabih Danaf, a taxidermist in the town of Bhamdoun, 23 kilometers (14 miles) east of Beirut. "The hunters make a mockery of the law."
Danaf's Facebook page displays stuffed harriers, pelicans, storks, falcons and colorful hoopoes — including at least two ringed in Europe for scientific study, according to Hirschfeld, the German conservationist, who said he checked the tags in an international database.
There is no law against taxidermy, said Roger Saad, an activist with the Lebanese Bird Conservation Coalition.
Saad, who manages a hardware store in an industrial district in eastern Beirut, keeps a handwritten list of the hunting violations he has seen on social media and those that have been reported to him through the Coalition's network.
An amateur sleuth, he has reported more than 70 cases to the Environment Ministry, including data on alleged violators. He said he was pleased to hear some have been fined, while others have gotten away with just a warning.
The Environment Ministry says it has forwarded some 40 cases to prosecutors for legal action, and it encourages the public to report violations directly to the police. Khatib said he is waiting for Parliament to allocate funds for a ranger force that would enforce hunting laws.
In a country plagued by rolling power cuts and a trash-strewn coastline, many Lebanese shrug off concerns about overhunting.
"People think: 'It's not connected to me, so it's not my problem,'" said Saad. But birds hunt pests, which in turn helps farming — the fifth largest employing sector in this tiny country.
"It's a cycle," he said.
With elections slated for May, a new government could mean changes at the Environment Ministry, disrupting conservation efforts.
"We have birds passing through here that do not pass through anywhere else in the world, and instead of looking at them, we shoot them," said Saad.
"Someone needs to speak for them."
• >0 (µg/dL): Even at birth, all people have some lead in their blood. However, the CDC says no level of exposure has been deemed safe for children.
• 1.0 - 1.3 (µg/dL): Average blood lead level among U.S. children ages 1-5.
• 3.5 (µg/dL): The CDC is considering using this level as a new "reference value" to identify children under age six with elevated blood lead levels. The threshold is lowered periodically to reflect new data from a national health and nutritional survey.
• 5 (µg/dL): The CDC's current reference level for an elevated childhood blood level that warrants public health action, close monitoring or case management. Some 500,000 U.S. children are at or above this level, which some states define as lead poisoning.
• 10 (µg/dL): Children who reach this threshold require closer attention and action to limit further lead exposure. Many states conduct inspections of the poisoned child's living environment to identify exposure sources. Research shows that a blood lead level of 10 (µg/dL) can lower IQ by 4 to 6 points on average.
• 45 (µg/dL): Poisoning that may require hospitalization and chelation drug treatment, which helps the body to excrete lead. The drugs aren't considered effective for children with lower blood lead levels.
• >70 (µg/dL): Left unchecked, acute lead poisoning can cause seizures, coma and death.
Sources: CDC, state health agencies, poisoning prevention programs, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
Aaron Rodgers was right.
The Green Bay Packers ran the table, just as their star quarterback said they could, by capping a six-game winning streak with an NFC North-clinching 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night.
"This wasn't just a shot in the dark," said Rodgers, who threw three of his four touchdown passes in the second half. "It was an optimistic belief in my teammates."
The Packers (10-6) were undefeated after losing four straight games midway through the season, when Rodgers shared his bold thoughts, to win the division for the fifth time in six years. Like his team, Rodgers has been perfect during the streak with 15 TD passes and no interceptions. He will lead fourth-seeded Green Bay at home Sunday against the fifth-seeded New York Giants in an NFC wild-card game in its eighth straight postseason appearance.
"We have bigger aspirations," Packers coach Mike McCarthy said. "This is the first step."
Detroit (9-7) dropped its last three games after it had a two-game lead in the NFC North, spoiling its shot at winning a division title for the first time since 1993.
The Lions, though, will be in the playoffs for the second time in three years with coach Jim Caldwell because the Giants beat the Washington Redskins earlier in the day. The sixth-seeded Lions will play at third-seeded Seattle on Saturday night in a wild-card game.
"If you're in, you've got a chance," Caldwell said.
Rodgers , who was 27 of 39 for 300 yards, threw a go-ahead, 3-yard TD pass to Davante Adams with 9:23 left in the third quarter. Rodgers connected with Geronimo Allison and Adams in the end zone in the fourth quarter to give Green Bay a 14-point lead in a game it trailed 14-7 at halftime.
THE OTHER QB
The Lions had a slim shot to comeback from a fourth-quarter deficit to win, as they did eight times this season, when Matthew Stafford connected with Anquan Boldin for a 35-yard touchdown pass with 13 seconds left. The Packers dashed Detroit's hopes by recovering the onside kick and Rodgers had only to kneel once to seal the victory.
Stafford put Detroit ahead by a touchdown with a 3-yard pass to Golden Tate with 23 seconds left in the second quarter after Zach Zenner tied it with a 1-yard run.
Stafford was 26 of 41 for 347 yards with two TDs and an interception. He made some fantastic passes and some he sailed over wide-open receivers.
RODGERS RUNS
Rodgers ran for 42 yards, his third-highest total of the season, on 10 carries. By design, he converted a third-and-1 from the Green Bay 34 with a 13-yard run a bootleg. Rodgers also used his feet to escape sacks and to give his receivers time to get open.
MISSED OPPORTUNITIES
Stafford failed to connect with Tate when he was all by himself midway through the first quarter, wasting a chance to make a big play to possibly score on Detroit's second drive.
"That one was close to being really good," Stafford said. "You're going to hit some, you're going to miss some."
Early in the scoreless second period, Detroit's Matt Prater missed a 39-yard field goal. Green Bay linebacker Clay Matthews also missed an opportunity, dropping one of Stafford's passes that he could've possibly returned for a score.
MATTHEW'S MILESTONE
Stafford surpassed 30,000 yards passing for his career, becoming the fastest quarterback to reach the mark. He did it in his 109th game Sunday night against Green Bay. The previous record was held by Dan Marino and Kurt Warner, who did it in 114 games. With a chance to lead the Lions to a signature win, however, Stafford came up short to add to his legacy that he beats bad teams and loses against winning teams.
INJURIES
Packers: Two cornerbacks — Quinten Rollins (neck) and Makinton Dorleant (knee) — were carted off the field minutes apart late in the third quarter and another cornerback — Damarious Randall (knee) — left the game with an injury in the second half. Rollins, who was conscious and able to move, was taken to a hospital. Receiver Randall Cobb (ankle), running back James Starks (concussion) and center JC Tretter (knee) were inactive with injuries.
Lions: Cornerback Asa Jackson left the game with an ankle injury. Receiver Marin Jones was evaluated late in the game for a concussion, but returned to play. Cornerback Darius Slay returned from a one-game absence with a hamstring injury. Right tackle Riley Reiff was out with a hip injury and was missed, especially when Nick Perry got past his replacement, Corey Robinson, for a possession-ending sack in the third quarter. Robinson left the game with an apparent injury in the second half and
UP NEXT
Packers: Green Bay will play the Giants at Lambeau Field, where it beat them 23-16 in Week 5.
Lions: Detroit, which has won only one playoff game since winning the 1957 NFL title, will face long odds to advance on the road against the Seahawks.
———
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP—NFL
———
Follow Larry Lage at www.twitter.com/larrylage
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Indonesia's anti-graft commission has arrested the governor of conservative Aceh province on suspicion of receiving bribes.
Febri Diansyah, spokesman of the Corruption Eradication Commission, says Irwandi Yusuf was among 10 people arrested Tuesday evening in separate locations in Aceh.
Investigators seized about 500 million rupiah ($35,000) in cash.
Yusuf, a former leader of the rebel Free Aceh Movement, was elected governor for a second time in 2017.
He was flown Wednesday morning to the Indonesian capital and taken to the headquarters of the anti-graft commission.
Aceh is the only province in Muslim-majority Indonesia governed by Islamic Shariah law.
23:04 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Temperatures down tomorrow, up again on Thursday It will be partly cloudy overnight and clear to partly cloudy Tuesday and Wednesday with a slight drop in temperature and relief in heat stress. It will be slightly warmer on Thursday with an additional slight rise in temperature on Friday in the coastal plain. Tuesay highs:
Jerusalem: 31Celsius/87Fahrenheit;
Kinneret/Sea of Galilee: 38C/100F;
Golan Heights, Be'er Sheva': 34/93; Haifa: 29/84; Tel Aviv: 30/86;
Dead Sea: 39/102; Eilat: 41/105 ► ◄ Last Briefs
Today in History
Today is Tuesday, Dec. 12, the 346th day of 2017. There are 19 days left in the year. Hanukkah, the Jewish Festival of Lights, begins at sunset.
Today's Highlights in History:
On Dec. 12, 1917, during World War I, a train carrying some 1,000 French troops from the Italian front derailed while descending a steep hill in Modane (moh-DAN'); at least half of the soldiers were killed in France's greatest rail disaster. Father Edward Flanagan founded Boys Town outside Omaha, Nebraska.
On this date:
In 1787, Pennsylvania became the second state to ratify the U.S. Constitution.
In 1897, "The Katzenjammer Kids," the pioneering comic strip created by Rudolph Dirks, made its debut in the New York Journal.
In 1906, President Theodore Roosevelt nominated Oscar Straus to be Secretary of Commerce and Labor; Straus became the first Jewish Cabinet member.
In 1925, the first motel — the Motel Inn — opened in San Luis Obispo, California.
In 1937, Japanese aircraft sank the U.S. gunboat Panay on China's Yangtze River. (Japan apologized, and paid $2.2 million in reparations.)
In 1946, a United Nations committee voted to accept a six-block tract of Manhattan real estate offered as a gift by John D. Rockefeller, Jr. to be the site of the U.N.'s headquarters.
In 1947, the United Mine Workers union disaffiliated from the American Federation of Labor.
In 1963, Kenya became independent of Britain.
In 1977, the dance movie "Saturday Night Fever," a Paramount Pictures release starring John Travolta, premiered in New York.
In 1985, 248 American soldiers and eight crew members were killed when an Arrow Air charter crashed after takeoff from Gander, Newfoundland.
In 1997, Ilich Ramirez Sanchez, the international terrorist known as "Carlos the Jackal," went on trial in Paris on charges of killing two French investigators and a Lebanese national. (Ramirez was convicted, and is serving a life prison sentence.)
In 2000, George W. Bush became president-elect as a divided U.S. Supreme Court reversed a state court decision for recounts in Florida's contested election.
Ten years ago: Republican presidential rivals gathered in Johnston, Iowa, called for deep cuts in federal spending in a debate remarkably free of acrimony. President George W. Bush vetoed a second bill that would have expanded government-provided health insurance for children. Ike Turner, the rock pioneer and ex-husband of Tina Turner, died in San Marcos, California, at age 76.
Five years ago: North Koreans danced in the streets of their capital, Pyongyang, after the regime of Kim Jong-un succeeded in firing a long-range rocket in defiance of international warnings. Pope Benedict XVI sent his first tweet from his new account; it read, "Dear friends, I am pleased to get in touch with you through Twitter. Thank you for your generous response. I bless all of you from my heart."
One year ago: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan endorsed investigations into the CIA's belief that Russia had meddled in the November election to help Donald Trump win, a claim the president-elect called "ridiculous."
Today's Birthdays: Former TV host Bob Barker is 94. Basketball Hall of Famer Bob Pettit is 85. Singer Connie Francis is 80. Singer Dionne Warwick is 77. Rock singer-musician Dickey Betts is 74. Hall of Fame race car driver Emerson Fittipaldi is 71. Actor Wings Hauser is 70. Actor Bill Nighy (ny) is 68. Actor Duane Chase (Film: "The Sound of Music") is 67. Country singer LaCosta is 67. Gymnast-turned-actress Cathy Rigby is 65. Author Lorna Landvik is 63. Singer-musician Sheila E. is 60. Actress Sheree J. Wilson is 59. Pop singer Daniel O'Donnell is 56. International Tennis Hall of Famer Tracy Austin is 55. Rock musician Eric Schenkman (Spin Doctors) is 54. Rock musician Nicholas Dimichino (Nine Days) is 50. Author Sophie Kinsella is 48. News anchor Maggie Rodriguez is 48. Actress Jennifer Connelly is 47. Actress Madchen Amick is 47. Actress Regina Hall is 47. Country singer Hank Williams III is 45. Actress Mayim Bialik is 42. Model Bridget Hall is 40. Actor Lucas Hedges (Film: "Manchester by the Sea") is 21. Actress Sky Katz (TV: "Raven's Home") is 13.
Thought for Today: "Experience has taught me that the only cruelties people condemn are those with which they do not happen to be familiar." — Ellen Glasgow, American author (1874-1945).
LAGOS, Nigeria (AP) — The head of the U.S. Consulate in Nigeria's capital says U.S. support for Nigeria's economy will continue given the African country's demographics.
United States Consul General F. John Bray spoke with The Associated Press on Monday after participating in the closing gong ceremony at the Nigeria Stock Exchange House in Lagos.
Bray says the U.S. private sector invests $8.1 billion a year in Nigeria and the country's population of 180 million provides a tremendous base of consumers.
Bray said that businesses without a strategy for Nigeria don't have an investment strategy for Africa.
The consul says he discusses diversifying the Nigerian economy with American business leaders.
However, Nigeria's crippled infrastructure has made doing business there difficult. Power outages, road blockages and security issues are some of the issues investors consider.
Most of us use macros to automate processes that we repeat or that require specialized knowledge. Regardless of why you use macros, you want them to run as quickly as possible. You can optimize your code by:
Disabling features that update the sheet
Avoiding selecting things
In this article, I'll show you how to make simple changes to your code to optimize it for speed.
I'm using Excel 2016 on a Windows 10 64-bit system, but these tips will work in older versions. The tips are specific to the desktop version because macros don't run in the browser version. There's no demonstration file; you won't need one.
1: Disable updating features
Have you noticed that your screen sometimes flickers while a macro is running? This happens when Excel attempts to redraw the screen to show changes made by the running macro. If screen updates aren't necessary while running the macro, consider disabling this feature so your macro can run a bit faster. Use the following statements to disable and enable this feature:
Application.ScreenUpdating = False 'macro code Application.ScreenUpdating = True
You can expect Excel to redraw the screen when the macro completes its work—when you reset the property to True.
Disabling screen updates won't disable the Status Bar, which displays information during normal operations, including what your macro is doing. To disable updates to the Status Bar, use the DisplayStatusBar property as follows:
Application.ScreenUpdating = False Application.DisplayStatusBar = False 'macro code Application. DisplayStatusBar = True Application.ScreenUpdating = True
If your macro is analyzing a lot of data, consider setting the Calculation property to Manual while the macro is running. That way, the workbook won't recalculate unless you force it to by pressing F9. Calculation speed probably isn't a large performance factor is the most normal workbooks though, and it can have unexpected results, so use it sparingly—as needed:
Application.Calculation = xlCalculationManual Application.ScreenUpdating = False Application.DisplayStatusBar = False 'macro code Application. DisplayStatusBar = True Application.ScreenUpdating = True Application.Calculation = xlCalculationAutomatic
Macros can trigger unnecessary event procedures. For instance, entering a value into a cell triggers the Worksheet_Change event. A few won't be noticeable, but if the macro is complex enough, you might consider disabling events while the macro is running:
Application.Calculation = xlCalculationManual Application.ScreenUpdating = False Application.DisplayStatusBar = False Application.EnableEvents = False 'macro code Application.EnableEvents = True Application. DisplayStatusBar = True Application.ScreenUpdating = True Application.Calculation = xlCalculationAutomatic
Similar to setting the Calculation property to Manual, disabling events can have unexpected results, so use it with careful consideration.
2: Don't select things
If you use the macro recorder, you may have noticed that it's fond of using the Select method to explicitly reference things. It works, but it's slow and prone to runtime errors. If you want to start with the recorder, do so. Then, review the resulting code for Select methods and change them to Range references. For example, the following recorder code applies italics to C4:C62:
Sub Macro1() Range("C4:C62").Select Selection.Font.Italic = True End Sub
The recorder uses the Select method to identify the range. Once you know the right methods and properties—Font.Italic = True—you can easily rewrite the macro as follows:
Sub Macro2() Range("C4:C62").Font.Italic = True ' Sheets("Divisions").Range("C4:C62").Font.Italic = True ' Range("Table3[Species]").Font.Italic = True End Sub
Macro2() accomplishes the same thing with one line of code and without selecting the range. In short, you simply combine the two statements and delete the Select method and the Selection object. The optimized code is more efficient and less prone to runtime errors.
The commented lines show the Sheet and Table object references. The sheet reference is necessary only if you want to run the macro outside of the sheet (Divisions, in this case). The Table references the Species column in a Table named Table3.
To learn more about efficient selection methods when using VBA, read Excel tips: How to select cells and ranges efficiently using VBA.
Similar to selecting ranges and objects to perform an action in the sheet, an explicit reference to the sheet also slows down processing. The solution is to use variables. For example, the following code references the same cell (value) six times:
Function ReturnFeeSlow() Select Case Range("I4") Case 1 ReturnFee = Range("I4") * 10 Case 2 ReturnFee = Range("I4") * 20 Case 3 ReturnFee = Range("I4") * 30 Case 4 ReturnFee = Range("I4") * 40 Case 5 ReturnFee = Range("I4") * 50 End Select MsgBox ReturnFee, vbOKOnly End Function
At the very least, ReturnFeeSlow() makes two explicit references to I4. It's not changing the value, it's using the value in a simple expression. In this case, it's more efficient to define a variable with the value in I4 and use the variable, as follows:
Function ReturnFeeFast() Dim intFee As Integer intFee = Range("I4").Value Select Case intFee Case 1 ReturnFee = intFee * 10 Case 2 ReturnFee = intFee * 20 Case 3 ReturnFee = intFee * 30 Case 4 ReturnFee = intFee * 40 Case 5 ReturnFee = intFee * 50 End Select MsgBox ReturnFee, vbOKOnly End Function
Faster is better
Please forgive the obnoxiously contrived examples, but the concept is the point, not the code's purpose. Specifically, built-in updating features and explicit references to the sheet or a range will slow down your code. Admittedly, with today's fast systems, simple macros won't always need optimization. However, if you're working with a complex custom application, these easy-to-implement changes should improve efficiency.
Get more great Office tips and tricks delivered to your inbox. Sign up for TechRepublic's Microsoft Weekly newsletter. Subscribe
Send me your question about Office
I answer readers' questions when I can, but there's no guarantee. Don't send files unless requested; initial requests for help that arrive with attached files will be deleted unread. You can send screenshots of your data to help clarify your question. When contacting me, be as specific as possible. For example, "Please troubleshoot my workbook and fix what's wrong" probably won't get a response, but "Can you tell me why this formula isn't returning the expected results?" might. Please mention the app and version that you're using. I'm not reimbursed by TechRepublic for my time or expertise when helping readers, nor do I ask for a fee from readers I help. You can contact me at susansalesharkins@gmail.com.
Also read...
Getty Image
In the days following the Las Vegas shooting, investigators have learned precious little information about the motive but plenty about the actions of gunman Stephen Paddock. He also apparently targeted other music festivals, which could serve as evidence of extensive planning. In addition, some officials believe that Paddock may have also aimed at a fuel tank at nearby McCarran International Airport.
In what could have been errant fire from Paddock, a fuel tank at the airport's storage area was hit twice with “one penetrating the outer shell.” However, according to airport officials, there was no danger of an explosion occurring in an area just beyond the festival while Paddock focused on his attack:
In addition, jet fuel is treated kerosene and is not classified as a flammable liquid, but as a combustible liquid. Contrary to speculation, there is almost zero likelihood gunfire damage could trigger a fire or explosion at a commercial fuel storage facility. Likewise, in the event of an actual, uncontained tank fire, these systems are engineered to vent flames upward into the air rather than explode.
The single 43,000 gallon barrels was half-full at the time it was hit. Investigators plan to empty the tank in order to inspect it further.
(Via CNN)
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Turkey has issued a decree to adjust its current laws to a new presidential system that comes into effect with last month's presidential and parliamentary elections.
The decree issued Wednesday changes the wording in some 5,000 laws, removing references to the prime minister — whose office has been abolished — and transferring some powers to the president.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan won the presidential election on June 24 with 52.6 percent of the vote, according to results which have yet to be confirmed by Turkey's electoral council.
Erdoğan will now rule with substantially expanded powers in line with constitutional changes that were narrowly approved in a referendum last year.
He is expected to be sworn in over the weekend.
New York (AP) — Copper futures trading on the NY Merc Tue:
(25,000 lbs., cents per lb.)
Hundreds of parents across the country have called on President Donald Trump to embrace Obama-era protections for transgender students that call for letting them use school bathrooms in accordance with their gender identity.
In a letter sent to the president by the Human Rights Campaign late Tuesday, more than 780 parents stressed that "all students deserve equal access to a safe, welcoming school and a high quality education no matter who they are."
The call follows a decision by the Trump administration last week to abandon a defense of the guidelines issued by the Obama administration. A court issued an injunction against those guidelines last summer in response to a lawsuit filed by 13 states. President Barack Obama appealed the injunction, but the Trump administration decided to back off from the appeal.
Parents of transgender students say that revoking the right of students to use school bathrooms according to their gender identity amounts to discrimination and it creates a hostile learning environment for transgender students. "These policies are wrong, they hurt our children, and they violate the principle of equal education," the letter said.
Conservative activists firmly oppose the idea, saying it endangers the privacy and safety of other students.
Newly confirmed Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has not voiced a position on the bathrooms controversy other than to say that she is against discrimination and will support all students.
During the election campaign Trump said that transgender students can use the bathroom they like.
A Senate committee has backed the government's incremental approach to expanding Australia's safe harbour regime, but a dissenting report supported by the Greens calls for much broader copyright reform.
The current safe harbour provisions were introduced the US Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act 2004. Providing certain conditions are met, they protect telecommunications providers from being liable when customers use their services to infringe copyright (e.g. using a broadband service to pirate a movie).
A government bill would expand the safe harbour protections to cover public libraries, archives, educational institutions and key cultural institutions. The limited expansion of the safe harbour provisions has been supported by organisations representing the book publishing and music industries.
However, the tech sector including Digital Industry Group Incorporated (DIGI) — whose members include Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Oath and Twitter — has tended to back a broader expansion of the regime to cover all online service providers.
The report of the Environment and Communications Legislation Committee inquiry into the Copyright Amendment (Service Providers) Bill 2017 noted there are “highly polarised views and lack of consensus on further safe harbour reform” and said it had “received conflicting evidence” on expanding the safe harbour provisions beyond what the bill contemplates.
“Given the divergence of stakeholder views and the complexity of the issues being considered, the committee supports the Government's incremental approach to safe harbour reform,” the report backed by the committee's majority said.
“The proposed amendments will ensure that educational and cultural institutions and organisations assisting people with a disability will be afforded protection immediately. The committee considers this to be a balanced and reasonable approach. The committee also notes and appreciates the reassurance that the department will continue its consultation with stakeholders.”
“The amendments in the bill provide an immediate fix for one of the big problems with Australia's safe harbour regime — ensuring Australia's schools, universities, libraries, archives, museums and disability groups have the same legal protections as commercial ISPs,” said Australian Digital Alliance executive officer Jessica Coates. However, the bill “does nothing for the other big problem — ensuring our technology companies are able to compete in the global market.”
“We therefore strongly support the committee's statement that this should just be the first step in the reform process, and that the government must continue to consult on solutions for Australia's commercial online service providers,” Coates said.
“Australian companies are being sued right now just for providing the same services consumers can already get from overseas,” Coates said.
A dissenting report back by the Greens welcomed the “incremental progress” that the bill makes “in bringing Australian copyright laws up to date and in line with other countries”.
However, it said that the Greens object to the “piecemeal manner” in which the government is updating Australia's copyright law.
“We do not believe that this bill achieves the necessary balance between the rights and protections of content providers and content creators,” it added.
“We do not support the limited definition of 'service providers' used in this bill, which excludes Australian tech companies and online content providers, stifling innovation and the ability of Australian tech companies to compete internationally,” the dissenting report said.
Copyright consultation
The Department of Communications and the Arts earlier this week launched a new consultation on copyright reform.
The government is seeking input on a number of copyright reforms backed by the Productivity Commission's report on Australia's intellectual property rules.
A consultation paper has been released and is available from the department's website.
Pat Elder reveals how US military recruiters lock young people into contracts of life and death. Donate to order this gift now!
The Latest on the mass shooting in Las Vegas (all times local):
5:30 p.m.
Vice President Mike Pence is scheduled to visit Las Vegas this weekend to take part in a ceremony marking the deadliest shooting rampage in modern U.S. history.
City officials said Friday that the vice president will speak at an event set for 12:30 p.m. Saturday in the City Council chambers.
A community interfaith unity walk to City Hall will be held earlier Saturday.
Organizers plan to release a flock of doves after Pence's speech to commemorate each of the victims killed in the Sunday night rampage on the Las Vegas Strip.
Authorities say 58 people were killed and nearly 500 injured in a 10-minute fusillade of bullets fired from an upper-story Mandalay Bay hotel room window into a country music festival below.
The gunman killed himself before police reached him.
———
5 p.m.
A U.S. official says investigators believe the Las Vegas shooter may have hired a prostitute in the days before the shooting, and they are interviewing other call girls as they look for clues into his motive.
The official said Friday that prostitutes are among the hundreds of leads they are pursuing as part of their investigation into Stephen Paddock.
The official, who was briefed by federal law enforcement officials, wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
The official says a note containing a series of numbers was found on a nightstand in Paddock's room at the Mandalay Bay hotel after the shooting.
The official also says that Paddock had taken at least a dozen cruises out of the U.S. in the last few years, most with his girlfriend Marilou Danley. The official said at least one of the cruises was to the Middle East.
———
3:15 p.m.
Las Vegas shooter Stephen Craig Paddock's anti-social personality will only hamper investigators as they try to figure to piece together what led to the shooting.
"It's extremely difficult," said Erroll Southers, the director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California.
"The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional," Southers said. "We're so used to in the first 24 to 48 hours being able to review social media posts. If they don't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind, and we're not seeing that, that's what's making this longer.
"What's really puzzling is that we've seen him with similar kinds of activity — booking rooms in other places — so you have to ask yourself the reason he picked Las Vegas and not somewhere else."
Paddock fired indiscriminately Sunday from his upper-level room at the Mandalay Bay hotel casino at people attending a country music festival below, killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people. The 64-year-old Paddock killed himself as authorities closed in.
Because so few people knew Paddock well, investigators will likely have an even harder time sorting through his background to try to uncover any possible leads, Southers said.
"You don't have any cases of leakage — no one to say who's he mad at, what his motive is," Southers said. "The key to this case right now is the girlfriend."
"The reason you want to engage in a terror attack is you want to bring attention to an extremist ideology, you want publicity," he said. "You want people to be afraid of what you believe what you do."
———
1:35 p.m.
Authorities are planning to put up billboards in Las Vegas to seek more tips as they investigate the deadliest shooting rampage in modern U.S. history.
Undersheriff Kevin McMahill also revealed at a news conference Friday afternoon that police are confident there was not another shooter in Stephen Paddock's room.
Paddock fired indiscriminately Sunday from his upper-level room at the Mandalay Bay hotel casino at people attending a country music festival below, killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people. The 64-year-old Paddock killed himself as authorities closed in.
McMahill also said that authorities don't have any information that anyone else used Paddock's room key.
He says authorities are interested in Paddock's medical history and are looking into that.
———
1:20 p.m.
Authorities say they still don't have a clear motive for the Las Vegas shooting rampage.
Undersheriff Kevin C. McMahill provided an update on the investigation Friday. He says authorities have looked at gunman Stephen Paddock's personal life, political affiliation, economic situation and any potential radicalization.
He says authorities are aware the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, but so far there is no evidence that it had a role.
He says authorities will continue to investigate those areas as well as look into leads and tips that come in.
Paddock unleased gunfire Sunday from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino on the Las Vegas Strip, killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people. He killed himself as police closed in.
———
12:10 p.m.
Massachusetts could be moving quickly to outlaw so-called "bump stock" devices used by the Las Vegas shooter.
Democratic and Republican lawmakers have both filed bills to ban the devices. Republican Gov. Charlie Baker said he supports a ban.
The devices fit over the stock and grip of a semi-automatic rifle and allow the weapon to fire continuously, some 400 to 800 rounds in a single minute.
State Rep. David Linsky, a Natick Democrat, has filed legislation that would outlaw any devices that increase the rate of discharge of a weapon and ban the sale of large capacity-feeding devices.
Republican Senate Leader Bruce Tarr of Gloucester has sponsored a bill that would prohibit devices that effectively turn rifles and shotguns into weapons with firing capabilities similar to machine guns.
———
11:40 a.m.
Scott Armstrong, a Reno, Nevada, car dealer, said Paddock confided in him about relationship troubles when the would-be gunman stopped in looking to buy a car about two months ago.
"Somehow or another we ended up talking about bad relationships, and he confided that he was depressed and his life was miserable," Armstrong said. "It just struck me as really odd that somebody would say that."
Paddock, unshaven and dressed casually but not disheveled, didn't elaborate on his relationship troubles, and Armstrong didn't pry. He didn't smile, and he "wasn't very pleasant to talk to," he said.
"I could tell he was really down or something," Armstrong said. "I just told him, I said, 'Hey I've been in some bad relationships myself. It'll get better. Tomorrow will be a better day than today.' "
Armstrong said he's talked with FBI agents about his recollection.
Others who have interacted with Paddock have described him as a quiet and confident man who did not engage in deep conversations. Armstrong said he's baffled by why he was so open with a stranger, but "my job is to put people with ease and try to help them buy a car."
How is he so certain Paddock is the downtrodden man who visited him?
"When's the last time somebody told you their life was miserable? It sticks with you," he said
———
11:20 a.m.
A gun show that was scheduled to take place this weekend in a casino off the Las Vegas Strip has been canceled following last Sunday's mass shooting.
Boyd Gaming Corp. spokesman David Strow said Friday the decision to cancel the gun show at the Eastside Cannery Casino was made mutually with the show's promoter, Western Trails Show Promotions.
It was scheduled to take place on Saturday and Sunday and has been held at least five times in the past.
Dozens of people were killed and hundreds were injured Sunday night when Stephen Paddock opened fire from the windows of his 32nd floor hotel room and rained bullets on a country music festival attended by thousands.
———
10:20 a.m.
A law enforcement official says Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of tracer ammunition a month ago from a private seller he met at a Phoenix gun show.
The official says investigators searching the hotel room Paddock used as a sniper's perch found tracer rounds and a document with the name of the Mesa, Arizona, man who sold him the ammunition.
The official is involved in the shooting investigation and spoke anonymously because the official was not authorized to disclose case information.
Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The official says Paddock met the man in Phoenix on Sept. 9 and 10 and that the sale took place at the man's Mesa home.
The tracer ammunition that Paddock bought were .308-caliber and .223-caliber rounds.
The official did not know whether Paddock used tracer rounds during the attack.
The official declined to identify the seller.
———
9:30 a.m.
Some New York state lawmakers want to make it illegal in the state to buy, sell or possess devices known as bump stocks that allow semi-automatic rifles to mimic the rapid fire of automatic weapons.
Authorities found 12 of the devices fitted to guns in the hotel room of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock.
It is illegal to use bump stocks in New York state but a loophole in the law makes it legal to buy, sell or possess the devices.
Legislation introduced this week would immediately ban bump stock sales and prohibit possession of them over time.
Democratic Assemblywoman Pat Fahy of Albany says it's illogical to allow the sale and possession of a device that cannot be used legally.
The bill has bipartisan support. Lawmakers will reconvene in Albany in January.
———
7:15 a.m.
Boston Police Commissioner William Evans says authorities will step up security for concerts and sporting events in the city following the shooting in Las Vegas.
Officials have said there is no credible threat to Boston.
But Evans said the FBI told him Wednesday that agents turned up evidence that Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock researched sites in and around Fenway Park and the Boston Center for the Arts.
The Red Sox have said they're working with officials to beef up security.
Evans said security would be boosted for events including a Bruno Mars concert, a City Hall Plaza concert, road races and Red Sox games.
He says police also plan to meet with hotel officials in coming days to discuss ways for them to increase security.
———
12:13 a.m.
Australian police are assisting their U.S. counterparts on the investigation into Las Vegas shooter's girlfriend Marilou Danley.
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation reports that Philippines-born Danley became an Australian citizen after moving to the Gold Coast in Queensland state and marrying a local man. ABC says she lived there for some 10 years until the late 1980s.
Australian Federal Police Commissioner Andrew Colvin said Friday that as an Australian citizen, Danley was entitled to consular assistance.
Australian police and government officials have not elaborated on Danley's time or citizenship in Australia.
Colvin says the Australian authorities are "working very closely with our partners in the U.S."
Australia's foreign affairs department said Friday it is aware she is "a person of interest" and described her case as "a matter for U.S. law enforcement."
———
12:01 a.m.
Investigators are probing the Las Vegas gunman's interest in other music festivals in the months before he killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 at an outdoor country concert.
They say Stephen Paddock rented rooms in high-rises overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and over the Life is Beautiful festival near the Vegas Strip in September. Boston police say Fenway Park has come up in the investigation, but didn't elaborate.
On Thursday night, thousands gathered in Las Vegas to honor one of the victims who was killed, Officer Charleston Hartfield.
Hartfield was also a husband and father of two, and an Iraq War veteran.
His friend Sgt. Ryan Fryman told the crowd Hartfield was "the greatest American I have ever known."
Kim Kardashian has decided to launch a makeup line in hopes to keep up with little sis, Kylie Jenner. She announced this launch on her social media saying that it will release on June 21st. Now we all know whatever the Kardashians do especially Kim rolls in lots of dough so this is just another business venture for the reality star. In a recent interview she said “We're launching a contour kit, so it's going to be cream contour and highlighters in this collection with great brushes. I'm so excited about it.” I'm sure your fans are excited too, Kim! Although prices have not been made available yet if shes like Kylie she will make it easy for her fans to purchase.
Lets keep in mind, Kim's video game brought in revenue close to over 100 million dollars, yes you read that correct… 100 million for just a video game. Along with the video game, her apps, kimoji's and recent collab with little sis Kylie this a smart business venture for Kim because its almost a guaranteed win. Fans will wait in hours of lines and pay whatever just to be able to purchase anything the Karshashian/Jenner clan come out with. As if they need any more income, right? We wish Kim well in whatever she does!
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Rights group says Iran sentences Iranian-American art dealer, wife to prison for being Zoroastrians.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Japanese carmaker Honda says another person has died in Malaysia after a flawed Takata airbag inflator exploded, raising the number of deaths linked to the defect in the Southeast Asian country to six.
Honda said Tuesday in a statement that the driver was killed when the 2004 Honda City car crashed on New Year's Day in central Selangor state.
It said the car was included in a 2015 recall to replace flawed airbags on the driver and passenger side but several letters sent to the original owner did not reach the new owner after the car was sold because its database had not been updated.
Honda said Tuesday the passenger airbag inflator deployed and functioned properly.
It's a joyous TV viewing season for “Twin Peaks” fans.
The series has returned after a 25-year break and Kyle MacLachan is back as Agent Dale Cooper. MacLachlan told ABC News he had no hesitations about taking on the role again.
“Oh my gosh, was I excited. I was ready to jump in completely,” MacLachlan said in a recent appearance on “Popcorn With Peter Travers."
MacLachlan said he got a call from “Twin Peaks” director David Lynch and "he wanted to know if I was on board. And I said, ‘David, I never left.' I said I wanted to go back and play Cooper since the last frame of the last episode of the first time around.”
WHAT TO KNOW Kyle MacLachlan appears on Popcorn With Peter Travers
Travers asked MacLachlan if it was tough getting back into character after the long break.
Download the all new "Popcorn With Peter Travers" podcasts on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Google Play Music and Stitcher.
“We were all different. The world is different now,” MacLachlan, 58, responded. “I tell you what was not that different. It was walking on the set that first day and seeing David [Lynch] sitting in the director's chair. And walking up to him in the black suit and seeing his face, shaking his hand, and looking around and saying, 'We're going back.' In that instant I was right back in Cooper. I was right back in 'Twin Peaks.' And that relationship with David was like we never stopped."
Maryellen McGrath/ABC News
MacLachlan added that he appreciates the buzz surrounding the return of the show.
“Certainly the drum beat has been very strong on Twitter, on Instagram, talking about what's coming. It's been a lot of fun watching all the activity,” he said.
Be sure to watch the full interview with Peter Travers and Kyle MacLachlan in the video above.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Unum (NYSE: UNM) and its employees in the U.S., U.K. and Ireland contributed more than $12.8 million in corporate and employee contributions and volunteered more than 77,000 hours to charitable organizations in 2017. Beyond giving back, the company's commitment to social responsibility includes helping millions of people gain affordable access to financial protection benefits and creating a world-class workplace for its employees.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006342/en/
Unum customer David Connor never expected to be in a position where he couldn't work, but a routine task at work altered his life forever. His disability coverage helped provide financial stability while he took time away from work to recover. He's now working again and has returned to his passion - surfing. (Photo: Business Wire)
“Unum has always been committed to helping people through difficult times, and that commitment to making a difference also guides our approach to social responsibility,” said Rick McKenney, Unum's president and CEO. “We've been around for 170 years, and while a lot has changed in that time, one thing that hasn't is the caring spirit at the heart of who we are.”
Unum's recently released 2017 Corporate Responsibility Report highlights the company's focus on social responsibility and support of public education that provide students more opportunities to learn. Other areas of community support include health and wellness, and arts and culture.
Over the years, Unum has been instrumental in creating business-education programs like the Principal Leadership Academy in Chattanooga, Tenn.; Maine Development Foundation's Education Leaders Experience in Portland; South High Community School partnership in Worcester, Mass.; and the Midlands Education and Business Alliance in Columbia, S.C. Earlier this year, Unum announced it's investing an additional $1 million in charitable contributions in support of local communities.
Another core component of its social responsibility is creating a world-class workplace for Unum's 10,000 employees. Central to this work environment is an inclusive culture where unique talents, ideas and perspectives of all employees are valued and respected, which ultimately help the company better serve the diverse needs of its customers.
Other workplace initiatives include a multi-year investment into modernizing home office locations to foster collaboration and spark creativity and innovation; minimizing its environmental impact to improve the quality of life for the surrounding communities; and a total rewards benefits package designed to promote wellness, support a healthy work-life balance, and encourage employees to live their best at work and outside of company walls.
“We invest in our people because they're the ones who deliver on our promises every day,” McKenney said. “Their dedication to serving others is a hallmark of our culture and will define our legacy for years to come.”
ABOUT UNUM
Unum Group is a leading provider of financial protection benefits in the United States and the United Kingdom. Its primary businesses are Unum US, Colonial Life, and Unum UK. Unum's portfolio includes disability, life, accident and critical illness, dental and vision coverage, which help protect millions of working people and their families in the event of an illness or injury. Unum also provides stop-loss coverage to help self-insured employers protect against unanticipated medical costs. The company reported revenues of $11.3 billion in 2017, and provided nearly $7 billion in benefits.
For more information, connect with us on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006342/en/
CONTACT: Unum Group
Kelly Spencer, 423-294-4508
Kspencer2@unum.com
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM UNITED STATES EUROPE NORTH AMERICA MIDDLE EAST TENNESSEE IRELAND
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PHILANTHROPY PROFESSIONAL SERVICES FINANCE HUMAN RESOURCES INSURANCE FUND RAISING
SOURCE: Unum Group
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 03:45 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 03:45 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006342/en
LONDON (AP) — Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are striking a different note with the music for their upcoming wedding, mixing gospel with choral works as the soundtrack for what they pledge will be a joyful occasion.
Kensington Palace said Tuesday that Harry and his American fiancee "have taken a great deal of interest and care" in selecting the wedding music. The palace says there will be performances by the St George's Chapel choir and Karen Gibson and The Kingdom Choir, a gospel group from southeast England.
The performers include 19-year-old cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason, who says he was "bowled over" when Markle called to ask him to play during the ceremony.
The couple has revealed details of their May 19 upcoming wedding over several weeks, with more to come.
___
For complete royal wedding coverage, visit https://apnews.com/tag/Royalweddings
17:16 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 'This is the rubble of the destroyed house' Read more Residents of Netiv Haavot give Jewish Home Knesset members pieces of a building destroyed on court orders despite appeals. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Stephen Paddock kept a cigar at hand, even though he didn't smoke. But he was quick to notice those who did.
Then Paddock, a denizen of hazy casinos, would light his cigar and aim the smoke into the faces of those whose puffing annoyed him.
"He was the king of microaggression," his brother, Eric, said.
Last week, Stephen Paddock returned to The Strip, where he spent countless hours playing high-limit video poker, and eyed the fun-seekers crowding his oasis. But this time he did so from a 32nd floor casino hotel suite. Then he smashed open a pair of windows with a hammer and opened fire with a carefully assembled arsenal, killing 58 fans gathered at an outdoor concert and injuring 500 more before killing himself.
Investigators and those who knew the 64-year-old say they cannot fathom what drove him to slaughter or point to any specific grievance that might have set him off.
But details that have surfaced so far about him are clues, at least, to his mindset. Most mass shooters are younger. But Paddock — a one-time IRS agent and the son of a notorious bank robber — was the product of decades of experience and rumination.
Paddock was the oldest of four brothers. When he was 7, his father, Benjamin Hoskins Paddock, tried to run down an FBI agent during a pursuit in Las Vegas. After the elder Paddock was caught and charged with a string of Phoenix bank robberies, agents searched the family's home in Tucson, Arizona. A neighbor took little Stephen swimming while agents looked for evidence.
Benjamin Paddock was sentenced to 20 years in prison. But he escaped and spent a decade on the run.
"He reportedly has suicidal tendencies and should be considered armed and dangerous," the FBI warned.
Paddock's mother moved with her sons to Southern California, where she worked as a secretary and raised the boys on her own.
At John H. Francis Polytechnic High School, Paddock was a brainy kid with an "irreverence toward authority," said Richard Alarcon, a former classmate who later served on the Los Angeles City Council.
For a school contest, Paddock and other students were assigned to design bridges without using glue.
Paddock's bridge "was like a brick, he put so much glue in it," Alarcon said. "He didn't care ... It was like he just wanted to build the best bridge ever, regardless of what the rules were."
Paddock earned a degree in business administration from California State University, Northridge, in 1977, then spent a decade working for the federal government, including six years as an IRS agent. He married and divorced twice, remaining on good terms with both former wives, family member say, and left government for a defense contractor.
Around the same time, he began investing in real estate. Eric Paddock said that together with his gambling exploits, the investments made his brother a multimillionaire.
At Reno's Atlantis Casino, Paddock met Marilou Danley, a high-limit hostess there from 2010 to 2013, and they became a couple. In a statement released by her lawyer, Danley said Paddock sent her to the Philippines weeks before the shooting and described him as "a kind, caring, quiet man ... I hoped for a quiet future together with him."
Danley said Paddock wired her $100,000 and told her to buy a house for her family in the Philippines.
But workers at a casino Starbucks that the couple frequented say Paddock often scolded his girlfriend in public. Others who crossed paths with Paddock in recent months described him as despondent.
When Paddock came into a Reno car dealership late this summer, he told salesman Scott Armstrong he was depressed and had relationship troubles.
"When's the last time somebody told you their life was miserable? It sticks with you," Armstrong said.
Still, investigators said they are finding little to explain what drove him to mass murder. He had no known criminal record, and investigators have not disclosed any evidence that he struggled financially or otherwise.
Paddock could sit for hours in front of video poker machines, often placing bets of $100 or more, rarely talking with anyone else but clearly conscious of his surroundings, said John Weinreich, a former executive casino host at Reno's Atlantis.
He said Paddock had a habit of staring at other people, as if silently challenging them to a contest.
"It was just his demeanor. It was like, 'I'm here. Don't cross me. Don't look at me too long,'" Weinreich said.
Eric Paddock said his brother was generous with the privileges the casinos bestowed. He recalled how during one trip to Las Vegas, Stephen ordered them a sushi meal that must've been worth $1,000, but was paid for by a casino. Soon after, though, Stephen Paddock turned abruptly and demanded that his brother go get him a sandwich.
"That's the cost of being with Steve," he said.
Eric Paddock said he knew his brother owned a few handguns. But investigators say Paddock had bought 33 firearms in the last year alone, mostly rifles.
When Paddock visited B&S Guns in Garland, Texas, last year he asked about ways to modify a gun to make it easier to pull the trigger, owner Paul Peddle said. Danley, who was walking with a cane at the time, played with Peddle's puppies while her boyfriend asked questions. And when it was time to go, Paddock walked helped her into the car.
"He was very charismatic with her, very sweet," Peddle said.
When Paddock checked into the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino last week, he requested a room on a higher floor, but was told nothing was available. Then a room freed up and managers moved him to a suite on the 32nd floor.
On the house.
———
Cooper reported from Reno, Nevada; Balsamo from Las Vegas, and Geller from New York. Also contributing were reporters Astrid Galvan in Tucson, Arizona; Ken Ritter in Las Vegas, Claudia Lauer in Garland, Texas; Tamara Lush and Terrance Harris in Orlando, Florida; Don Thompson in Sacramento, California; Eric Tucker in Washington, D.C.; and news researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York.
With temperatures set to plummet well below zero degrees tonight the Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for ice for the evening and tomorrow morning.
A spokesman for the Met Office said: "Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from late Monday afternoon and last overnight into Tuesday morning.
The warning from the Met Office
"There will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls.
"Temperatures are likely to fall rapidly below freezing later on Monday across much of the area. This will lead to icy stretches, particularly where snow melt has occurred during the day, or where a mix of rain and snow has fallen across the south of the area."
The Met Office weather warning is in force between 4pm today, Monday, and 11am tomorrow, Tuesday December 12.
RELATED: 10 key DOs and DONTs of snow and ice driving
A three-judge panel in Pennsylvania has upheld the state's new congressional map, a blow to Republican hopes and a boost to Democratic chances of retaking control of the House of Representatives.
Interested in Midterm Elections? Add Midterm Elections as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Midterm Elections news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Republican lawmakers in the state had filed for a stay against the new map, which was drawn by the state Supreme Court after the Democratic governor and GOP-controlled state legislature could not come to terms on a new one.
A similar motion is before the U.S. Supreme Court and there has been no indication of when the high court will issue a ruling.
Democrats are expected to pick up three to five House seats under the new map, according to estimates by election experts, which would help them on their way to the 24 seats they need to retake control of the lower chamber of Congress.
The filing deadline for House candidates in Pennsylvania is Tuesday.
The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
The three-judge panel ruled that the Republicans had no standing to make their argument. The court also noted that “because fundamental principles of Constitutional standing and judicial restraint prohibit us from exercising jurisdiction, we have no authority to take any action other than to dismiss” the request.
Republicans can appeal the ruling. That appeal would go to the U.S. Supreme Court.
In January, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered a new House map drawn, citing gerrymandered districts that favored Republicans. The GOP has been fighting the court order ever since and the U.S. Supreme Court denied an early request to put a stay on the map.
Jeff Swensen/Getty Images FILE
Republicans currently hold 12 of the state's 18 congressional districts, while Democrats control just five. The special election last week for Pennsylvania's 18th Congressional District was held under the old map.
Several GOP lawmakers found their House districts dramatically affected by the new map, including Rep. Ryan Costello, who is considering retirement, several state and national officials in GOP politics told ABC News.
His 6th Congressional District was transformed from one that Hillary Clinton won by one point in 2016 to one she would have won by nine points.
Costello has not said he is retiring and his office and campaign did not respond to ABC News' multiple requests for comment.
Pennsylvania's House delegation took a big hit in Republican members this year.
GOP Rep. Tim Murphy resigned after a scandal. Rep. Lou Barletta is running for Senate. And Reps. Bill Shuster, Charlie Dent and Patrick Meehan are retiring.
CLEVELAND (AP) — The Latest on the fatal house fire in Cleveland that killed two children and two adults (all times local):
9 p.m.
Authorities have located the bodies of all four victims of a house fire in Cleveland.
Fire officials and family members say a 3-year-old boy, an 8-year-old girl, the boy's 46-year-old father and the man's 44-year-old nephew were in the house when the blaze broke out overnight Tuesday and were unable to escape.
Crews needed heavy equipment to take apart and stabilize the heavily damaged home before it was safe to go inside and search for the victims.
By late Tuesday night, officials had announced that all four victims had been found.
The cause of the fire remains under investigation.
___
5:05 p.m.
Fire investigators have recovered the bodies of three people who died in a Cleveland house fire and are continuing to search for a fourth victim.
The city's fire chief says the search has been hampered by heavy damage to the home that first made it unsafe for firefighters to look for the victims.
Investigators and family members say a 3-year-old boy, an 8-year-old girl, the boy's 46-year-old father and the man's 44-year-old nephew were in the house when the fire started overnight Tuesday.
Firefighters say the mother of one of the children escaped by jumping from a second-floor window.
A fire department spokesman tells Cleveland.com that the woman said she and her husband tried but couldn't get to the children.
A cause of the fire hasn't been released.
___
1:30 p.m.
Fire investigators say a heavily damaged home where two children and two adults are missing after an overnight fire in Cleveland is too dangerous to search.
A fire department spokesman says construction equipment will be used to take apart the home and make it safe for firefighters to search inside.
He says search crews will be careful not to disturb any potential evidence that could help determine what caused the fire.
Firefighters say a woman believed to be the children's mother escaped by jumping from a second floor window early Tuesday morning.
Investigators say a 4-year-old boy, an 8-year-old girl, their father and another man are missing.
The fire department spokesman tells Cleveland.com that the woman who survived said she tried but couldn't get to her children.
___
11 a.m.
Investigators are using cadaver dogs to search through a Cleveland home where two children and two adults are missing after an overnight house fire.
Firefighters say a woman believed to be the children's mother escaped the fire early Tuesday morning by jumping from the home on the city's east side. She was taken to a hospital, and information about her condition wasn't immediately released.
Investigators say a 4-year-old boy, an 8-year-old girl, their father and another man are missing.
There was no immediate word on what caused the fire.
A relative of a man who was in the house says investigators told her they are checking for signs of arson.
Firefighters say the blaze caused severe damage, hindering their ability to search the charred home.
___
6:45 a.m.
Authorities say two children and two adults are unaccounted for after an overnight house fire in Cleveland.
Firefighters say a woman believed to be the children's mother escaped the fire early Tuesday morning by jumping from the home on the city's east side. She was taken to a hospital, and information about her condition wasn't immediately released.
Investigators say a 4-year-old boy, an 8-year-old girl, their father and another man are missing.
Firefighters say the blaze caused severe damage, hindering their ability to search the charred home.
There was no immediate word on what caused the fire. The state fire marshal's office will help investigate.
Interested in Midterm Elections? Add Midterm Elections as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Midterm Elections news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Two inordinately wealthy front-runners who have largely bankrolled their campaigns for Illinois governor faced nomination challenges Tuesday in a primary that also features a self-described "middle-class candidate," a member of a famous political family and an insurgent state legislator.
With Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner and Democratic businessman J.B. Pritzker combining to spend more than $120 million out of their own pockets so far on the contest, the battle for Illinois' top job is on pace to top California in 2010 as the most expensive governor's race in U.S. history.
The 61-year-old governor, a former venture capitalist serving in his first public office, took advantage of a national GOP wave four years ago to pull off a surprising victory in a state otherwise dominated by Democrats. Rauner's personal wealth is just shy of $1 billion, but Pritzker — an investor and one of the heirs to the Hyatt hotel chain — is worth several times more.
Pritzker, 53, has poured nearly $70 million into capturing a Democratic nomination that has proved tougher than initially expected. The field also includes developer Chris Kennedy, the 54-year-old son of the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy; and Daniel Biss, 40, a state senator who for much of the campaign joked that he only gave himself $25 — drawing a contrast to his far wealthier opponents.
Rauner has his own GOP challenge from 53-year-old state Rep. Jeanne Ives. She has raised just $4 million — less than any of the other prominent candidates, but has attacked the governor's conservative credentials in edgy TV ads. One of them, which the chairman of the state GOP blasted as a "cowardly attempt to stoke political division," portrays actors mockingly thanking Rauner for not doing enough to restrict illegal immigration, abortion and transgender bathroom rights.
In other races on the Illinois primary ballot, former Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn — whom Rauner ousted in 2014 — was locked in a tough competition with state Sen. Kwame Raoul for state attorney general. There also are numerous contested congressional primary races, including progressive candidate Marie Newman's challenge to seven-term Democratic Rep. Dan Lipinski.
But none involved the kind of spending as seen in the governor's race. Personal wealth solidified Rauner and Pritzker's front-runner status but also made them frequent targets for opponent attacks. Even Kennedy spent $2 million of his own money on the race.
Biss, a Harvard-educated mathematician who gave up teaching to enter politics, set up a website to track what he says is a $171,000-a-day campaign by Pritzker. The Democratic front-runner has been advertising on television from nearly the moment he announced his candidacy 11 months ago.
Pritzker's opponents also have attacked his connections with overseas trusts in low-tax countries, though he maintains they're focused on charitable giving and that he has no control over them. In response, Biss has called him a "fraud" while Kennedy labeled him a "liar."
But far more damaging were ads that Rauner ran against Pritzker after wiretap audio surfaced of him talking with former Gov. Rod Blagojevich. The ads included a 30-minute infomercial-style ad with the full FBI recordings.
Rauner took on Pritzker again when more tapes surfaced from the Chicago Tribune. They revealed Pritzker describing Secretary of State Jesse White — a Pritzker backer — as the "least offensive" black officeholder to be considered for the Senate seat vacated by then-President-elect Barack Obama. Pritzker has apologized, and White continues to back him.
Although Biss has built his campaign around claiming to be the "middle-class candidate," he has faced criticism as the architect of a plan to cut the roughly $100 billion gap in pension funding for the cash-strapped state by reducing some of the promised retirement benefits. Although he says he has learned his lesson and won't support it again, Pritzker has repeatedly criticized his change of heart.
Biss and Kennedy have teamed up against Pritzker for his silence on whether Michael Madigan, the longest-serving state House speaker in modern American history, should step aside because of criticism about how he handled sexual harassment complaints by campaign workers against two of his political aides.
Rauner also has invoked Madigan in his ads against Ives, calling her "Mike Madigan's favorite Republican and Illinois' worst nightmare."
Rauner rolled to victory in 2014 with a promise to "shake up" Springfield with a pro-business, anti-union agenda including lower property taxes and term limits on officeholders. But his ongoing spat with Madigan and other legislative Democrats left the state without a budget for two years while billions of dollars of debt piled up.
———
O'Connor reported from Springfield, Illinois.
———
Follow Sara Burnett at https://twitter.com/sara—burnett and John O'Connor at https://twitter.com/apoconnor .
———
Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv
A daughter of the man whose killing was recorded and posted on Facebook Sunday told ABC News in an emotional interview that the video "forever will be in my mind because I saw the fear in my father's eyes."
In the video of the Cleveland, Ohio, shooting, which has since been removed from Facebook, Robert Godwin Sr., 74, can be seen raising his hands in an apparent attempt to ward off his attacker before he is shot in the head.
The suspected gunman, Steve Stephens, has been on the run ever since and there have been no credible sightings of him.
Godwin's daughter, Tonya Godwin Baines, told ABC News today that it "feels like our heart is just ripped out of our chest. For somebody to brutally murder my father like that is unbelievable."
Baines said her father was the epitome of a family man who "would give you the shirt off his back."
"He taught us about God, he taught us love, forgiveness. Just to know that I will never ever hear my father's voice again is devastating," Baines said. "My father was such an honest man that didn't drink, didn't smoke, no crime; he was just picking up cans [when he was shot]."
"We can never replace him," she added, crying. "A part of us died with him."
Baines' sister, Debbie Godwin, told ABC News she didn't watch the video "because I didn't want that to be the last remembrance of my father."
"He didn't deserve to just be picked out randomly," Debbie Godwin said. "And then to add insult to injury you tape it while my father is begging for his life."
But the sisters said they have already forgiven the man accused of killing their father.
Facebook via Reuters
"I truly can say I don't even feel any animosity against the guy that killed my father," Debbie Godwin said. "I'm glad that my parents taught us to love people and to forgive even when they do us wrong. ... My dad would be the kind of person that would say, 'You gotta forgive.'"
"I want him to get help," Debbie Godwin said of the suspected gunman. "He needed that before this happened and I pray for his mother. I want to be able to meet her and hug her."
Baines said she hopes Stephens surrenders.
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said of the suspect this morning, "We don't know where he's at," and asked for the public's help in tracking Stephens down.
Williams said this afternoon that the manhunt has expanded to a national search.
A reward of up to $50,000 is being offered for information leading to Stephens' arrest. Cleveland police have issued a warrant for Stephens on a charge of aggravated murder.
Comments
comments
Interest Successfully Added
We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?
Authorities in Honduras are accusing five federal lawmakers of diverting public funds to their own use.
Honduras' chief prosecutor and the head of the Organization of American States' anti-corruption mission in the country announced the case Monday.
They say the investigation found that in late 2015 thousand dollars were transferred from the government to a nonprofit organization for community projects. Prosecutors say the nonprofit immediately cut checks to the five federal deputies and the projects never materialized.
Authorities have asked the Supreme Court to suspend the suspects as deputies and are seeking their arrest.
The case comes as Hondurans continue to await a resolution of the disputed Nov. 26 presidential election, in which both President Juan Orlando Hernandez and main challenger Salvador Nasralla have claimed victory.
1390 Saddle Rack St.
20 S 2nd St., #238
411 Park Ave., #327
Curious just how far your dollar goes in Downtown?We've rounded up the latest rental offerings via rental site Zumper to get a sense of what to expect when it comes to locating an apartment in this San Jose neighborhood if you're on a budget of $2,400 / month. (Note: prices and availability are subject to change.)Read on for the listings.Listed at $2,395 / month, this 917-square-foot 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment is located at 1390 Saddle Rack St.In the unit, you can expect both air conditioning and central heating, a dishwasher, in-unit laundry, a walk-in closet and a balcony. The building offers garage parking, a swimming pool and a fitness center. One small dog is allowed in the unit.(Check out the complete listing here .)Next, there's this 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom single-family home situated at 20 S 2nd St. It's also listed for $2,395 / month for its 887-square-feet of space.When it comes to building amenities, anticipate garage parking, a business center, outdoor space and a fitness center. In the unit, there are high ceilings, a dishwasher, hardwood floors, in-unit laundry, a balcony and stainless steel appliances. Cats and dogs aren't welcome.(Take a gander at the complete listing here .)Here's a 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment at 411 Park Ave. that's going for $2,395 / month.In the unit, you'll get carpeting, a dishwasher, central heating, a balcony and ample cabinet space. When it comes to building amenities, anticipate on-site laundry, garage parking, a fitness center, an elevator and secured entry. Both cats and dogs are welcome.(Check out the complete listing here .)---
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--How does an Army veteran go from selling pantyhose from the basement of his home in Wisconsin to becoming a franchise savant? It is a long and crazy road that Amazing Lash Studio regional developer and franchisee Dennis Conklin has been on, and he wouldn't change it for the world.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005130/en/
Regional developers, Amazing Lash Studio, Dani Conklin and her father, Dennis Conklin. (Photo: Business Wire)
Born and raised in Wisconsin, after high school Dennis went into the Army and did his tour of duty in Germany. While stationed there he met and married his wife, Rosemarie. They had three kids, Gabi, Dennis Jr. and Danielle. Upon leaving the Army and with a family to support, Dennis began looking for sales opportunities and started Sheer Delight, a pantyhose company. “Here I am, this macho military man peddling pantyhose – but could I sell,” said Dennis. It started out from the basement of his home in Greenfield, Wisconsin, and later moved to a warehouse, which Rosemarie oversaw as the business grew – and grew. “Pantyhose were a staple to women in the '70s, but as style and fashion changed, pantyhose were not an everyday item for women,” said Dennis. Always looking for opportunities and looking to get out of the cold, Dennis moved his family to Arizona and next ventured into the skin care business with Forever Young products, selling massage creams and lotions. For the next 15 years he had much success in building his business until franchise fate intervened.
In 2005, Rosemarie came home after a massage at Massage Envy and told Dennis about the new and first-to-market member-based concept. Intrigued, he began his due diligence and looked to sell his Forever Living products in the clinics. After an initial meeting at Massage Envy corporate, his creams and lotions weren't in the clinics, but his confidence in the brand was. He bought regional developer and franchisee rights to San Diego without ever stepping foot into a Massage Envy. “This was such a unique business model, and I knew I wanted to be part of it from the start.” As the business grew at epic speed, in 2007 Dennis reached out to his youngest daughter, Dani, to come on board. “I was 20 years in the corporate world and was currently the district manager for Young's Columbia in Seattle when I got the call from my dad to operate the clinic in Carlsbad,” said Dani. “I was excited about the brand and working with my father.”
After successfully building the Massage Envy brand in San Diego, in 2010 the father-daughter team signed on to become the regional developers and franchisees for European Wax Center (EWC).
With the franchise market providing several solid opportunities, in 2012 Dennis signed on to become the regional developer of The Joint…the chiropractic place in San Diego and Orange County. “This was being operated by the original Massage Envy team, who I was very confident in,” said Dennis. He grew the brand until an opportunity to sell it back to the franchisor was offered, and he took it. “It remains a solid business model, but I wanted to focus on my Massage Envy clinics and our EWC growth.”
In 2014, they sold their regional developer rights to the European Wax Center concept but continued to own and operate three centers. This dynamic duo found their next brand-building opportunity, Amazing Lash Studio. “My dad asked me to fly to Houston to meet with Edward Le, co-founder and CEO of Amazing Lash Studio, and as I had been hooked on lash extensions since 2006, I was really excited about the concept,” says Dani. “It was a fabulous meeting, and I returned to San Diego, shared my excitement with my dad and we were all in. It has been nothing but amazing since the get-go.”
Their efforts have not gone unnoticed in any of the four brands with accolades including 2 Million Dollar Club and strongest sales closing at Massage Envy and Brand Ambassador at Amazing Lash Studio.
They sold their regional developer rights to Massage Envy last year. “It was time to focus and grow our new concepts, as it really takes 150% in the beginning,” says Dennis.
What does this franchise duo see in their future? “My dad most likely will retire in three years when he turns 80 and go full-time into driving my mom crazy,” says Dani with a grin. “I will continue to build the businesses I have and work with all these great franchisees while looking for unique brands, and of course have fun doing it!”
About Amazing Lash Studio
Amazing Lash Studio was founded in 2010 by Edward and Jessica Le, with a vision to be the leading provider of affordable eyelash extensions. Amazing Lash Studios are retail salons that apply semi-permanent eyelash extensions with a proprietary, patented process to the clients' own lashes, replicating the curve and size of natural lashes. The concept began franchising in 2013, and to date has 183 open studios in 27 states, and has recently earned the rank of #5 on Entrepreneur Magazine's Top New Franchise s.
For additional information go to amazinglashstudio.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005130/en/
CONTACT: CH Media
Barbara Carrera Holland, 602-810-1924
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ARIZONA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: WOMEN OTHER CONSUMER LUXURY SMALL BUSINESS PROFESSIONAL SERVICES TEENS RETAIL COSMETICS FASHION SPECIALTY OTHER RETAIL CONSUMER BRIDAL
SOURCE: Amazing Lash Studio
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005130/en
#Livermore police trying to get armed robbery suspect out of his home on Coronado Way. Suspect is man between 20-30 years old. Say he robbed neighbor at gunpoint, ran home. Holed up inside. pic.twitter.com/bNZ2LdnRUK — Elissa Harrington (@ElissaABC7) April 24, 2018
It is 2pm and we are continuing to negotiate for a peaceful resolution. — Livermore PD (@LivermorePolice) April 24, 2018
Livermore PD investigating home invasion robbery. Suspect possibly hiding inside a residence. Officers working on peaceful resolution. — Livermore PD (@LivermorePolice) April 24, 2018
Livermore PD is currently working an incident in the area of Wagoner Dr and Coronado Way. Please avoid the area. We will provide updates as we can. pic.twitter.com/Xc8XLUlWKH — Livermore PD (@LivermorePolice) April 24, 2018
Livermore police said a standoff with a home invasion robbery suspect hiding inside his residence is over after the man was taken into custody.Police said the suspect was believed to be 20 to 30 years old and added that he robbed his neighbor at gunpoint before running back home.Police asked people to avoid the area of Wagoner Drive and Coronado Way at about 12:30 p.m.Livermore police wrote on Twitter at 2:30 p.m. that the SWAT team has been on scene for an hour and they are "still working toward a peacefulresolution."Sources told ABC7 News they believed the suspect was armed and were using drones to gather information at the scene.Police said at least 10 people have been evacuated from homes in the area as a precaution.No injuries have been reported.
LIVERPOOL, England (AP) — A linesman found himself in a tough spot when he needed to award an offside in the Champions League game between Liverpool and Roma on Tuesday.
He didn't have a flag to wave.
The German official's flag had fallen apart moments earlier and its replacement was unusable, too. So when Liverpool striker Roberto Firmino was played through on goal in the fifth minute, the linesman had to run down the touchline with a flag in one hand and a bare pole in the other.
He eventually brandished his flagpole, though it wasn't easy to see.
He was given a working flag moments later.
There are more planned protests this week calling on Buffalo School board member Carl Paladino to resign. What's being labeled as an "Oust Paladino Action" is scheduled for Tuesday on the steps of City Hall.
WBFO's Eileen Buckley reports.
"This event is being organized and led by women of color," activist Whitney Crispell announced to the crowd attending last week's anti-Paldino rally.
"Organizers want all women to attend. They plan on having a front line of 100 black women. The second line of other women of all backgrounds."
Plans have also been made for protesters to gather on Thursday at 5:30 at Cazenovia Park. From there, a march will proceed to Paladino's nearby South Buffalo home for more demands that he resign.
Buffalo School Board President Barbara Seals Nevergold has called for a special meeting on Wednesday, January 4th at 5:30 in the school boardroom at City Hall.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — As Alabama's high-profile Senate race heads toward a Tuesday vote, supporters and opponents of GOP candidate Roy Moore are bending the truth — or shattering it to pieces — in the campaign's final stretch.
One website falsely proclaimed that one of the women who accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. Another erroneously reported that a Moore accuser "forged" his yearbook inscription to her. On the other side, Moore's detractors took to social media to assert, erroneously, that Moore had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office.
The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts:
NOT REAL: BREAKING: Roy Moore's Lying Accuser Admits He Didn't Ever Touch Her
THE FACTS: None of the women who accused the Alabama Republican Senate candidate of sexual misconduct, including two women who said Moore molested them, have backed off their initial claims. This fake headline is from a website, Reagan Was Right, which promotes hoaxes and satire. The woman featured in a photograph accompanying the story shows a British reality TV star, not any of the eight women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct.
NOT REAL: Claims that Roy Moore authored a textbook in 2011 that says women shouldn't run for office
THE FACTS: Moore is in fact a co-author of a "textbook" which serves as a study guide for a series of Bible-based video and audio lectures on U.S. law and public policy. The course packaging also identifies him as a "featured speaker." Despite claims spread on the web this week, however, Moore did not author the specific section or deliver the lecture that argues that women should not hold elected office. That talk was given by William Einwechter, an elder at Immanuel Free Reformed Church in Pennsylvania. Moore's office says he does not believe that women are unqualified for public office.
NOT REAL: BREAKING: ROY MOORE ACCUSER ADMITS SHE FORGED PART OF YEARBOOK INSCRIPTION!!!
THE FACTS: Moore supporters celebrated misleading news that Beverly Nelson, one of his accusers, admitted forging a 1977 yearbook inscription that was considered key evidence against the Alabama Republican. The inscription reads, "To a sweeter more beautiful girl I could not say, 'Merry Christmas.'" It is followed by the signature "Roy Moore D.A." and the notation "12-22-77 Olde Hickory House." Nelson's attorney, Gloria Allred, said Friday that Nelson had added the date and restaurant name to the inscription. However, Allred also said that a handwriting expert found Moore's signature in the yearbook to be authentic.
___
Associated Press writer Michael Rubinkam contributed to this report.
___
This is part of The Associated Press' ongoing effort to fact-check misinformation that is shared widely online, including work with Facebook to identify and reduce the circulation of false stories on the platform.
___
Find all AP Fact Checks here: https://www.apnews.com/tag/APFactCheck
Regional Chair Alan Caslin made a stop at Port Colborne council Monday night to give an update about regional council's progress halfway through the term.
Caslin outlined projects such as investing in advanced manufacturing and transportation as being especially successful areas. General Electric's new factory coming to Welland, the Region's designation as a foreign trade zone and coming GO transit services were among Caslin's highlights.
Inter-municipal transportation is also a big issue for him. He said there have been many complaints about insufficient cross-Niagara transportation. Caslin said it's not only residents complaining, but employers have concerns as well since sometimes it's a case of finding someone to hire, but that person has no way to get to the job. Niagara Falls, St. Catharines and Welland, the region's three main transportation municipalities, are working to come together as one transit commission, which he is hoping passes.
“We're going to make sure everyone has a chance to travel around Niagara,” he said.
For people who drive, an extra $2 million has been put into roads for resurfacing, bringing the total budget for that this year to $12.5 million.
Key projects for 2017 Caslin brought up include the bid for the 2021 Canada Games. He said site evaluators will be in Niagara on March 1 to see what the region has to offer.
“We're hoping we can get as many people as possible out to meet the evaluators and let them know that Niagara is, in fact, the best place to host the Games.”
lbarton@postmedia.com
Twitter: @LBartonTribune
Rita Green has been driving Pittsburgh roads for decades and still struggles when she's coming out of one of the city's two main tunnels.
“It's very confusing, and you can just see the jockeying of the different cars and people cutting each other off,” she said. “It's insane.”
That's because at the end of the tunnels, there are about a dozen options for which way to go and just a few seconds to pick one. Even if you're using a GPS, it doesn't matter — just about every system dies in a tunnel. Which compounds that chaos.
“We depend on our phones so much,” Green said.
Well, one driving app won't die in the tunnels here. In the fall, Waze, a Google-owned company, installed beacons, small battery-powered devices. Through Bluetooth, their GPS keeps working in two of Pittsburgh's tunnels. The beacons are the brainchild of Gil Disatnik, an engineer at Waze, a crowdsourced driving app. He lost signals driving in a tunnel and set out to solve what he calls tunnel blindness.
It took a couple of years, but he came up with beacons. They're small, the size of three triple-a batteries. They cost under $30 apiece. Transportation officials attached them to tunnel light fixtures.
“They transmit radio signal, 10 times every second. They allow us to receive that signal and pinpoint our own location inside the tunnel,” Disatnik said. They're also in tunnels in Israel, Brazil and France.
Even before reliance on GPS, tunnel driving has been difficult for drivers.
“As you go from light to dark, you have a momentary adjustment of the lighting in your eye, the responses of the photo-receptors in your eye,” said Roberta Klatzky, who teaches psychology and human computer interaction at Carnegie Mellon University. “Its like when you go into a dark theater, at first you don't see anything, then you can see the people all around you in their seats.”
Klatzky said our minds are trying to compute speed and choices — the more there are, the harder it is to choose one. And it's more confusing when reliance on a faulty GPS enters the picture.
“That may be one reason why people want to slow at the end of a tunnel. They want to give themselves more processing time in this race between the car, the technology and their own brains,” she said.
To show how the beacons work, Ben DeVore, an engineer with Pennsylvania's Department of Transportation, drove through the Ft. Pitt tunnel using Waze. The app stayed on.
DeVore helped install the beacons. That tiny stretch where drivers exit the tunnel sees between 100 and 300 accidents a month.
“There tends to be more incidents than normal than an average stretch of interstate,” he said.
DeVore thinks the Waze beacons will cut down on accidents. Next fall, when they've been in place for a year, he'll know more.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
U.S. homebuilders are feeling a bit less confident this month, reflecting a dimmer outlook for sales in the months ahead and fewer would-be buyers dropping by builders' sales offices.
The surprising decline comes ahead of the spring home-buying season, which is traditionally builders' busiest time of the year and helps set the pace for home construction.
The National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo builder sentiment index released Wednesday fell to 65 this month. That's down two points from a revised reading of 67 in January. Analysts had been expecting an increase.
Readings above 50 indicate more builders view sales conditions as good rather than poor. The index has been above 60 since September.
The latest reading marks the second decline in a row for the index, which reached the highest level in 11 years in December. The February number also fell shy of analyst predictions. They expected the index to hit 68, according to FactSet.
Builders' view of sales now and over the next six months also fell, as did a gauge of traffic by prospective buyers.
Sales of new U.S. homes climbed to 563,000 last year, an increase of 12.2 percent from 2015. Low mortgage rates and a steadily improving job market drove much of the growth. But sales slowed in December following a jump in mortgage rates the previous month. January sales figures are due out next week.
The average rate on 30-year fixed-rate loans was 4.17 percent last week, down from 4.19 percent the previous week, but sharply higher than the 3.65 percent average for all of 2016, according to Freddie Mac.
Higher mortgage rates make home loans more expensive, which could dampen sales.
Despite the pullback in this month's builder confidence index and the potential setback of higher mortgage rates, builders' overall outlook remains positive, although the industry continues to grapple with a shortage of skilled construction workers and land parcels cleared for home construction.
"Despite these constraints, the overall housing market fundamentals remain strong and we expect to see continued growth this year as some of these concerns are addressed," said Robert Dietz, the NAHB's chief economist.
The homebuilder trade group forecasts that single-family home construction will climb 10 percent this year.
This month's builder index was based on 300 respondents.
A measure of current sales conditions for single-family homes dipped one point to 71, while a gauge of traffic by prospective buyers slid five points to 46. Builders' view of sales over the next six months fell three points to 73.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Prof Irwin Cotler: 'For four years there have been continual, standing violations of international humanitarian law.'
The Knesset Lobby for Returning the Soldiers Home, led by MK Shuli Mualem Refaeli (Jewish Home) and former Defense Minister Amir Peretz (ZIonist Union) held a special meeting on the subject of international activities to return Israeli KIAs and implementing cabinet decisions to toughen conditions for Hamas operatives in the prisons.
The meeting was attended by Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked and addressed by former Canadian Justice Minister Prof. Irwin Cotler, along with Knesset Members and the Goldin and Shaul families.
LONDON (AP) — When Thiago Silva moved to Russia more than a decade ago, tuberculosis nearly derailed his career.
This year, the Brazil defender will be back in the country playing at the World Cup.
The 33-year-old Silva joined Dynamo Moscow in 2005 but soon felt chest pain that needed to be checked out. It was found to be tuberculosis, which put him in the hospital for five months. Russian doctors even considered removing part of his lungs.
"That would have ended my career, I needed guardian angels to take me away," Silva said this week at the Brazilian team's training camp in London. "I was a bit overwhelmed in a friendly we played against Russia this year. It is different for me to play there. I hope I can erase that by lifting the World Cup trophy."
Silva, who now plays for Paris Saint-Germain alongside Brazil teammate Neymar, never played a match for Dynamo but ended up being the captain of his national team at the last World Cup. In Russia, though, Silva may struggle to find a starting position under coach Tite.
Another PSG player, Marquinhos, and Inter Milan defender Miranda have started most of Brazil's matches in the last two years.
When Silva had his health issues in 2005, it was Dynamo coach Ivo Wortmann who stopped the defender from having surgery on his lungs.
"I knew Thiago from Brazil, took him to Porto B and approved his transfer to Russia," Wortmann, who is also Brazilian, told The Associated Press.
Silva's mother, Angela, and his wife, Isabelle, also thought the surgery was unnecessary.
"I told them no one would open my husband up and end his dream," Isabelle said. "I am not a doctor, but no one believed he should go through surgery.
"To see him wearing the Brazil shirt is a victory for us all, especially those that know him from those days."
Silva recovered and signed again to play for Wortmann, this time at Brazilian club Fluminense.
"When Thiago arrived I said he would play, be one of the best, go to a World Cup and win it," Wortmann said. "Tite makes the captaincy go around, so we never know who the captain will be. But if Brazil reaches the final and wins it, there is no one better than Thiago to lift it. His perseverance is an example to us all."
Silva is just happy to be part of the team.
"If I get to wear the badge again it will be a great honor," Silva said. "But if I don't I will try to lead in the same way."
New York Fashion Week is in full swing right now, which means it's go time for the Anna Wintours of the world and at least a of couple of people with the last name Jenner. But like much of the rest of the economy, the fashion industry is changing — and fast.
Kai Ryssdal spoke with fashion journalist Kate Betts, who recently wrote a book titled "My Paris Dream." Below is an edited transcript of their conversation.
Kai Ryssdal: I'm going to start with a sacrilegious question. Given social media, and all the other ways that designers have to get their message, their word, their vision out, do the runways even matter anymore?
Kate Betts: For some people, they do still matter. There's a lot of change going on in the fashion business, probably more behind the scenes than actually presenting on the runway. And so there are a lot of brands and designers who do still need the runway to get the message out. Calvin Klein, a huge, $8 billion business, has a brand-new designer that everybody's excited about — Raf Simons. They need to do a runway show.
Ryssdal: But they still need the social media influencers, right? I mean, you've got to get the person with 15 million Instagram followers to get you out there.
Betts: Exactly. And those are the people that are having more and more influence and power in the market. They're taking over where traditional publishing and advertising left off.
Ryssdal: Let's get to the corporate side of this thing. You mentioned Raf Simmons at Calvin Klein. The CEO of Ralph Lauren is recently out. There's shaking up going on in the top ranks of some of the big houses.
Betts: Yeah, a lot of shaking up. We always talk about “When is the old guard going to step aside and the new guard going to take over?” And I think what this boils down to, and what's really interesting from a market point of view, is that the fashion market now is one market. It is not contemporary versus high end versus, you know, The Gap. So how do you adapt to that? I think it's interesting that the CEO of Ralph Lauren, who recently left, came from The Gap and H&M.
Ryssdal: But it didn't do him any good, right?
Betts: Right. I mean, maybe the adaptation is too difficult to make it in one fell swoop like that. You know, they're big businesses. [It's an] $8 billion business for Calvin Klein. That's a big ship to suddenly turn. So it's going to take a while.
Ryssdal: Let me turn this to a little bit of politics, but mostly business. Were you at all surprised that Nordstrom said it was done with Ivanka Trump, based on product and quality and sales figures?
Betts: Actually, I wasn't surprised. And I'll tell you why. I know that most people think it was a political move ... but the product wasn't strong enough. Her sales were down by nearly a third at Nordstrom, and that's the retail situation these days. If you are down by a third, you're not going to last at that retail outlet.
EMBED >More News Videos Every year, Fleet Week comes to San Francisco. It's a celebration of naval tradition that honors the men and women serving in our armed forces.
Festivities will be in full force today for San Francisco Fleet Week, with the Parade of Ships sailing under the Golden Gate Bridge and the Blue Angels roaring and soaring in the skies above.The annual parade of ships kicks off at 11 a.m. when the first ship sails under the Golden Gate Bridge and along the waterfront. The parade will last about an hour. Then the air show will begin with the headliners -- the Blue Angels roaring and soaring in the skies above. They'll take off from the Oakland Airport then defy gravity and perform heart stopping precision maneuvers.This year, three of the six pilots are from the Bay Area, including Fremont native, Navy Lieutenant Damon Cruz."To do it as part of this incredible team, to inspire the next generation, I'm taking some great pride in that," said Cruz.Police anticipate big crowds this weekend and they're stepping up deployment. There are no known threats to the city or Fleet Week, but they're reminding everyone: if you see something say something.If you can't watch the air show in person today --- we've got you covered. We'll be live streaming the show from noon until four on our website and app.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) — The United States is accusing the World Trade Organization of losing its focus on trade.
U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said Monday that the WTO is "losing its essential focus on negotiation and becoming a litigation-centered organization."
Lighthizer also said some members try to gain concessions through lawsuits that he said they could never get at the negotiating table. He spoke Monday at the WTO's ministerial meeting that is being held in Argentina.
President Donald Trump says the policy of the U.S. "is to aggressively promote and use American-made goods."
Some member nations that favor free trade have decried what they say are Trump's protectionist measures. But many also acknowledge the WTO needs reform.
Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
President Donald Trump is disputing a report that he watches hours of television each day, calling it, "Another false story."
The president is pushing back against a report in The New York Times about his first year in office that mentioned he watches at least four hours of television a day, sometimes twice that amount.
Trump says on Twitter that he "seldom, if ever," watches CNN or MSNBC, "both of which I consider Fake News." The president says he also never watches CNN anchor Don Lemon's show, "CNN Tonight."
The Times said its story was based on interviews with 60 advisers, associates, friends and members of Congress.
Trump has repeatedly lodged complaints about mainstream news outlets that he argues have covered his presidency unfairly and inaccurately.
The Cinema Audio Society has opened applications for the CAS Student Recognition Award. First presented at the CAS Award Dinner in 2015, this honor comes with a $2,500 cash award and is intended to encourage student interest in production or post-production sound mixing, and to recognize individual students with exceptional demonstrated passion for the field.
“As we move into our 4th year of the Student Recognition Awards we are encouraged by the quality of the student applicants,” said CAS president Mark Ulano. “As the committee reviews the applications, they are inspired by the skill and acumen demonstrated by the students and are reassured that the future of sound mixing will be in good hands.”
The selection criteria will focus on the student's short essays in response to application questions, along with a professor's recommendation letter. Five finalists will be invited to the 54th CAS Awards, on February 24, 2018 as guests of the CAS (travel expenses not included), where the Student Recognition Award recipient will be announced.
Eligibility for the CAS Student Recognition Award is open to any student enrolled in a Bachelor's or Master's degree program at an accredited college or university. Students may be pursuing any major (indeed, many current CAS members majored in music, psychology, English, engineering and other fields), but should have a demonstrated interest and some experience in production and/or post-production sound mixing for film and television.
The complete application guidelines and details for applying can be found on the CAS website at: http://cinemaaudiosociety.org
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Shares of Eli Lilly and Co. climbed early Tuesday after the drugmaker hiked its 2018 forecast and reported first-quarter earnings that beat expectations.
The insulin maker said it now expects adjusted earnings to range from $5.10 to $5.20 per share, with revenue coming in between $23.7 billion and $24.2 billion. That's up from the company's previous forecast for adjusted earnings of $4.81 to $4.91 per share on revenue of $23 billion to $23.5 billion.
Analysts forecast, on average, earnings of $4.88 per share on $23.43 billion in revenue, according to FactSet.
Lilly reported first-quarter net income of $1.22 billion, after booking a $110.8 million loss in last year's quarter.
On a per-share basis, the Indianapolis-based company said earnings, adjusted for asset impairment costs, came to $1.34 per share.
Those results also exceeded the average expectation on Wall Street, which was $1.13 per share, according to Zacks Investment Research.
The drugmaker posted revenue of $5.7 billion in the period, also beating Street forecasts. Four analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $5.53 billion.
Lilly shares gained $1.35 to $81.55 before markets opened Tuesday. The stock had fallen 5 percent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has stayed nearly flat.
_____
Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on LLY at https://www.zacks.com/ap/LLY
WASHINGTON (AP) — After nearly three weeks out of sight, Melania Trump tried to put to rest speculation about her health and even her whereabouts as she continues to recover from medical treatment for a kidney condition. It didn't completely work.
Mrs. Trump tweeted Wednesday that she's "feeling great" and is at the White House working hard for children and American families. But she still didn't make a public appearance, leaving some skeptics still wondering about her condition and plenty more.
The first lady's tweet landed while her husband was participating in a White House event that seemed tailor-made for a first lady, as famous athletes joined President Donald Trump and his daughter and senior adviser Ivanka Trump on the South Lawn to promote youth sports and fitness.
"I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing," Mrs. Trump said on Twitter. "Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!"
The first lady's absence from public view has spawned all sorts of wild theories on social media and elsewhere: Has she moved back to Trump Tower in New York City? Is she cooperating with the special counsel's Russia investigation? Is her health in jeopardy? Has she entered the witness protection program? And so on.
Mrs. Trump has not appeared in public since the wee hours of May 10, when she accompanied the president to a military base in Maryland to welcome home three Americans who had been released from detention in North Korea.
Four days later, the White House announced that the 48-year-old first lady had successfully undergone an "embolization" procedure to treat a benign kidney condition, and that there were no complications. She spent five nights at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in nearby Bethesda, Maryland. Some doctors familiar with the procedure but not involved in her care said people treated with embolization typically are sent home the same day or the next.
First ladies are under no obligation to make their medical histories public, and the White House has said nothing more about Mrs. Trump's condition.
On Friday, the president tried to assure reporters that his wife was doing fine.
Asked about the first lady's health before he boarded the presidential helicopter on the South Lawn, Trump pointed to the second floor of the White House and said: "She's doing great. Right there. She's doing great. She's looking at us, right there."
Despite Trump's assurances, reporters didn't see any sign of the first lady watching from above.
Mrs. Trump is often viewed as a reluctant first lady, but her lengthy absence from public view comes after what was probably her most high-profile period in the role to date.
In April, she alone represented the administration at the Houston funeral of former first lady Barbara Bush. She joined the president to host the Japanese prime minister for talks at the Trumps' estate in Florida. That was followed by the French president's three-day state visit to the White House, which included the first state dinner planned under her watch for more than 100 guests.
Mrs. Trump capped it off in early May with a splashy Rose Garden rollout for her "Be Best" campaign to teach kindness to children. Trump watched from the audience.
Her popularity is rising, according to a recent CNN poll that found 57 percent of those surveyed saying they have a favorable impression of her, up from 47 percent in January.
A week after the first lady announced "Be Best," she was in the hospital.
She's been heard from — including tweets about the Texas school shooting, the newest Medal of Honor recipient and Memorial Day — but not seen since.
The first lady's longtime friend, Paolo Zampolli, thinks "she wanted to spend some quality time with her family."
Her spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, said the first lady has been meeting with her staff on the "Be Best" initiative and working on upcoming projects like the annual White House picnic for members of Congress in June and Fourth of July festivities.
Grisham said the first lady would like to be "out and about promoting her initiatives" but "her health comes first."
Jean Harris, who teaches political science and women's studies at the University of Scranton in Pennsylvania, said people so far seem to be giving the first lady "her space for a whole bunch of reasons."
But Harris said Mrs. Trump could end up being hurt by the fact that she made the long-waited announcement about her initiative — and then disappeared.
"If there's not that follow-up, I think people will begin to be a bit more critical than they have been," Harris said.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Whether it's the infamous "Veterans For Standing Rock" with their missing $1.1 million, or another organization in the litany of Standing Rock-based pages on the website, rough estimates for the amount raised on these pages have been reported to be around $11 million. Just as a point of reference, the state of North Dakota already has spent more than $30 million managing the crisis these donations were meant to fund.
All of this begs the question of whether GoFundMe shoulders any of the blame for providing a platform to fundraise for illegal protest activities—activities that include repeated violent attacks against our North Dakota law enforcement officers, using everything from Molotov cocktails and other improvised explosive devices to actual guns.
Do the site's owners care that they are actively enabling professional protesters to come into our community and disrupt the lives and livelihoods of both the residents of Morton County and members of the Standing Rock tribe alike?
When you take a deeper look at GoFundMe, it becomes clear that the answer is no.
GoFundMe is a business. And their business is fundraising for "causes" like these protesters. In 2015, Forbes magazine published an article outlining how GoFundMe earns "profits off of controversy." As the company outlines in its "Common Questions" page, GoFundMe takes a 5 percent fee from every contribution made over the site, along with an additional 3 percent processing fee.
Meaning the company has made roughly $880,000 off of these DAPL protests without having to do a thing beyond maintaining the website.
Pretty good haul for just shy of six months.
While the website has no official ideological loyalty, all you have to do is look at members of the company's senior leadership to get an idea of where they fall on the political spectrum.
The company's chairman and CEO, Rob Solomon, gave the maximum amount in contributions allowed by law to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. President and Chief Product Officer David Hahn is a former staffer for ultra-liberal California Senator Diane Feinstein.
And GoFundMe's vice president for communications and policy is none other than Dan Pfeiffer, former senior advisor, White House communications director and long-time confidant of President Obama.
Shockingly, there are no former Republican political staff members serving as executives for GoFundMe.
So the truth is, despite the violent and illegal behavior these GoFundMe pages are supporting, the company probably doesn't care. They are probably indifferent to the close to 600 people who have been arrested during these protests, or the public posting of threats against police officers, community leaders and their families.
They're making a hefty profit while supporting the liberal causes they personally believe in, while never having to leave sunny California.
It's all win-win for them, even if it's all lose-lose for North Dakota and its residents.
Hennen is the host of What's On Your Mind radio show, heard throughout North Dakota on AM 1100 TheFlag and AM 550 KFYR.
NEW YORK (AP) — Standard and Poor's Stock Indexes for Monday
Close Change MidCap 400 1917.57 Down 18.08 500 Stocks 2712.92 Down 39.09 100 Stocks 1192.11 Down 19.29
SILVERSTONE, England (AP) — Struggling Formula One outfit McLaren has accepted Eric Boullier's resignation as racing director and announced a restructured of its leadership.
Boullier, who joined the British team in 2014, had overseen its worst run across its 52-year history. McLaren has not won a race since 2012 and hasn't landed a podium position in more than four years.
McLaren says in a statement that former IndyCar champion Gil de Ferran has been appointed to the new role of sporting director. Simon Roberts will oversee production, engineering and logistics, and Andrea Stella has been promoted to performance director, responsible for trackside operations. Stella had joined McLaren with Fernando Alonso from Ferrari.
McLaren chief executive Zak Brown says the team's performance this year "has not met the expectations of anyone at McLaren" and that "the causes are systemic and structural, which require major change from within. With today's announcement, we start to address those issues head on and take the first step on our road to recovery."
McLaren is sixth in the constructors' championship, 203 points behind leader Ferrari. McLaren driver Fernando Alonso is eighth in the drivers' standings with 36 points.
The British Grand Prix takes place on Sunday.
BRUSSELS (AP) — A power outage has hit Brussels airport that is expected to delay planes throughout the day.
Florence Muls of Brussels airport says the outage hit at 5 a.m. (0400 GMT; 11 p.m. EDT) Thursday and specifically affected the luggage and air conditioning systems. Hundreds of passengers were left outside the terminal at dawn and were allowed inside around two hours later.
All systems were back to normal by midmorning but by then the backup was such that it would affect schedules for the rest of the day.
Despite the delays, the airport warned passengers to show up on time. The airport said incoming flights shouldn't be affected.
Comments
comments
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
Turkish authorities suspect that the Islamic State group is behind the attack on a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year's celebrations, Turkish media reports said Monday.
Authorities also believe that the gunman, who killed 39 people, most of them foreigners, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan, the pro-government Karar and the mainstream Hurriyet newspapers reported, citing unnamed security sources.
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks, the papers reported.
The gunman, who is still at large, killed a policeman and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to "conquer" Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by "taking advantage of the chaos" that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
———
Suzan Fraser reported from Ankara.
Qantas will offer its passengers free access to content from Foxtel, Netflix and Spotify on domestic flights, beginning in late February.
The airline announced in February 2016 that, thanks to a deal with ViaSat, it intended to offer free Wi-Fi on domestic flights leveraging NBN's Sky Muster satellite service.
The airline today said it had struck deals with the three services to offer free content to passengers (though new Spotify and Netflix customers will have to sign up for a subscription).
Qantas installed the first first ViaSat equipment on Boeing 737 aircraft in November. The service will be extended to cover all of its 737 and Airbus A330 aircraft flying domestic routes from the middle of 2017.
In addition to offering Internet access to passengers, Qantas has been looking at how its crew can use in-flight Wi-Fi, such as pilots employing it to access real-time weather information.
The Wi-Fi services uses idle data capacity on NBN's satellite service. NBN's chief customer officer, John Simon, said that the service will not impact National Broadband Network satellite services for ground users.
Qantas says it is currently in negotiations to offer Wi-Fi services on international and regional flights.
Royal Flying Doctors Service
Minister for regional communications, Fiona Nash, today said the Royal Flying Doctors Service (RFDS) could potentially use NBN's Sky Muster satellites for in-flight Internet.
“This opens the door to in-flight telehealth on the Flying Doctors' planes,” Nash said in a statement.
“The idea of a Flying Doctor's plane over the outback sending live data to a specialist in say Sydney or Melbourne, who gives instant advice which saves a life, is just so exciting. The idea of emergency services crews being able to do the same sort of thing during say a bushfire or other natural disaster is fantastic.”
RFDS has met with NBN about trialling in-flight broadband.
NBN's service comprises two satellites: Sky Muster and Sky Muster II. Sky Muster launched in October 2015. Sky Muster II launched in October last year. The service offers wholesale speeds of 25/5Mbps for end users.
The two satellites offer combined bandwidth of 135 gigabits per second.
BOISE, Idaho (AP) -- Chandler Hutchison scored 21 points, Justinian Jessup added 18 more and Boise State held on in overtime Saturday night for a 93-91 win over UNLV.
Boise State (19-4, 9-2 Mountain West Conference) held UNLV scoreless for nearly three minutes in overtime, jumping out to an 88-82 lead behind Christian Sengfelder's layup and 2-for-2 shooting from the line by Marcus Dickinson and Hutchison, but had to scramble down the stretch as the Rebels closed in over the final two minutes.
Brandon McCoy's 3-pointer with 25 seconds left cut the gap to 90-89 and UNLV (16-7, 5-5) again pulled to within a point on a pair of free throws from Jordan Johnson with six seconds to go. Jessup then went 1 for 2 from the line to set the final score and McCoy missed a layup at the other end as time expired.
Lexus Williams and Dickinson got 12 apiece and Sengfelder had 10 to help the Broncos get the season sweep. Hutchison also dished out eight of Boise State's 17 assists.
UNLV, which forced overtime with a pair of free throws from Jordan Johnson to tie the game at 82 at the end of regulation, got 24 points from McCoy and 23 from Johnson. Shakur Juiston added 17 points and Jovan Mooring had 12 for the Rebels.
CLEVELAND (AP) — LeBron James scored 24 points, Jae Crowder made a go-ahead 3-pointer with 1:21 left and the Cleveland Cavaliers began a long stretch without injured All-Star Kevin Love by holding off the Miami Heat 91-89 on Wednesday night.
The Cavs rebounded from a troubling loss at Detroit — Cleveland gave up 125 points to the undermanned Pistons — and prevented the Heat from overtaking them for third place in the Eastern Conference standings.
Cleveland played its first game since Love broke his left hand against the Pistons. The five-time All-Star is consulting with surgeons in New York, and it's possible he'll undergo an operation as early as Thursday. Love, who could miss two months, already has screws in the hand from a previous procedure after he broke it in 2009 with Minnesota.
While he's out, the Cavs have to hold themselves together.
Goran Dragic scored 18 and Josh Richardson 15 to lead the Heat, who went just 3 of 28 on 3-pointers.
Miami had a last chance after Cleveland's Kyle Korver made one of two free throws with seven seconds left, but Heat forward James Johnson, harassed by James on the baseline, couldn't get off a shot before the horn sounded.
The Cavs have been enveloped in drama all season. There have been injuries, blowout losses, persistent trade rumors and more story lines than a day-time soap opera.
"As The Land Turns," coach Tyronn Lue said with a sigh following his pregame media availability.
The chaos could continue, but for at least one night things didn't get any worse for the Cavs, who went 6-8 in January and have been plagued by shoddy defense.
It was the first time they've held a team under 90 points since Nov. 20.
Despite going just 1 of 16 on 3-pointers, Miami overcame a 14-point deficit to take a 50-48 lead at halftime.
TIP-INS
Heat: The tragic death of former NBA player Rasual Butler devastated Miami coach Erik Spoelstra and forward Udonis Haslem. Butler was drafted by Miami and played three seasons there. "I'm shocked. It's horrible, horrible news for all of us," said Spoelstra, who got emotional talking about Butler, who was killed along with his wife in a single-vehicle rollover in Los Angeles. "He's one of our favorite people that's come through the organization." Haslem is the only player left with the Heat who played with Butler. "Blindsided me," he said. "I immediately took to Rasual when I got here. Another competitor, guy like myself, fearless. We just hung out a lot." ... Miami fell to 17-6 when holding opponents under 100 points.
Cavaliers: James committed six of his seven turnovers in the first half and didn't get his first assist until 11:16 remained in the third quarter. ... Lue started Crowder because he wanted to match up with Johnson, but Cleveland's lineup could change on a game-to-game basis. ... James has scored in double digits in 841 consecutive games — 25 shy of Michael Jordan's record. ... In the loss at Detroit, James (10,932) passed Dirk Nowitzki (10,917) for eighth place on the career field goals list. Next up is Elvin Hayes (10,976).
UP NEXT
Heat: Continue a four-game trip Friday in Philadelphia.
Cavaliers: Host the Houston Rockets on Saturday.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
New York (AP) — Coffee futures trading on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Wednesday:
(37,500 lbs.; cents per lb.)
A study published by a German federal entity said that anti-Semitism in Europe is unaffected by recent Muslim immigration, prompting a prominent critic to call the report selective and flawed.
The claim appeared in a study published this month by the Berlin-based EVZ foundation featuring research by the University of London's Pears Institute for the Study of Antisemitism.
It sought to measure how the arrival of more than 2 million people from the Middle East and Africa since 2011 has affected expressions of anti-Semitism in five Western European countries.
“Neither the analysis of existing data nor of the interviews undertaken for this report suggests a significant connection” between the immigrants' arrival and “the extent and character of antisemitism in Western Europe,” the researchers wrote in the report titled “Antisemitism and Immigration in Western Europe Today, Is there a connection?”
Claims that the newcomers' arrival to Europe could pose a threat to Jews appears to be based “on the perceptions of Jewish individuals and communities rather than the objective threat carried by immigrants,” the report states.
The report singles out for criticism Rabbi Andrew Baker, director of international affairs for the American Jewish Committee and the point man on anti-Semitism of the OSCE intergovernmental organization. Baker is among the individuals who “expressed the idea that recent refugees bring dangers for Jews in Europe,” allegedly without proof, the study says.
Concerns on the same matter expressed by Ron van der Wieken, the chairman of the Central Jewish Board of the Netherlands, also were listed in the study.
Baker hit back at the report's authors in an op-ed he wrote last week for The Jewish Chronicle of London, saying they “ignore the data, dismiss the problem, and blame the victims.”
He wrote that the study “ignores” how in a major EU study of Jewish perceptions of anti-Semitism, “respondents said that about 40 percent of the most serious incidents of physical violence or threats that they witnessed or experienced came from ‘someone with a Muslim extremist view.'”
In the Netherlands, the CIDI monitor estimated that “foreigners” are responsible for 70 percent of anti-Semitic incidents. In December, a Syrian refugee smashed the windows of a kosher restaurant in Amsterdam while waving a Palestinian flag.
And in France, the National Bureau for Vigilance Against Anti-Semitism said this year that people with Muslim background are responsible for nearly all anti-Semitic violence in that country.
“Instead of confronting these results,” Baker wrote,” the researchers “take pains to discount them.” He added: “Burying your head in the sand is rarely good advice, even if it comes in a fifty-page package with footnotes.”
The study's researchers wrote that there is evidence that people from Muslim societies may be likelier to harbor anti-Semitic sentiments than Europeans, but that this does not necessarily translate into action.
Muslim minorities have a “sense of grievance and injustice which is well grounded,” the authors wrote, adding this “prompts the question whether there is any connection between these experiences of discrimination, disadvantage” by Muslims and “the persistence of antisemitism.”
Should world governments have backdoors to encrypted applications?
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull recently made a proposal to ensure that law enforcement can still gain access to information despite its' protection by encryption. Access Now's US Policy Manager Amie Stepanovich met with TechRepublic's Dan Patterson to explain why that may be a bad idea.
"The problem with [this proposal] is that by allowing that law enforcement access, what you're doing is you're creating a security technology that fails sometimes," Stepanovich said.
See: IT security and privacy: Concerns, initiatives, and predictions (Tech Pro Research)
Encryption is the first defense against people trying to compromise your personal data. Since encryption isn't a failproof technology, building it in can lead to more data breaches and crime because it's facilitating a much less secure internet, she said.
The policy requested by Turnbull affects the rest of the world because Australia's encryption policy could set a precedent for other countries. Stepanovich noted that it's important to understand that this policy would likely not stop criminals or terrorists from accessing secure communications technologies. The math used in encrypted applications, she said, is not subject to the whims of politicians, which means bad actors will still be able to cover their tracks.
See: Encryption Policy (Tech Pro Research)
In the past, other governments have pursued similar policies. For example, some require keys to be stored in third-party facilities and are easily stolen. Some countries restrict the strength of encryption or even prevent the use of end-to-end encryption. These tactics are easily circumvented, said Stepanovich.
She reiterated the need for privacy as a tool that protects consumer privacy, communication between journalists and sources, whistleblowers, and corporate intellectual property. "We're at a time where we need to be facilitating research into and development of the strongest security tools possible," she said. "We need to be investing in security as much as we possibly can," said Stepanovich.
Strengthen your organization's IT security defenses by keeping abreast of the latest cybersecurity news, solutions, and best practices. Subscribe
Also see:
SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador (AP) — Police in El Salvador have arrested the domestic partner of a journalist killed over the weekend.
National Police director Howard Cotto said Tuesday that Mario Huezo Portillo has been arrested for killing journalist Karla Lisseth Turcios.
Prosecutor Max Munoz says cameras traced Huezo Portillo when he went to dump the woman's body.
Turcios worked for El Economista, part of La Prensa Grafica media group in the gang-plagued Central American nation.
Huezo Portillo initially told police that he and their son left her resting at home around 12:30 p.m. Saturday. He said when they returned, Turcios had disappeared and did not answer her cellphone or respond to messages.
The 33-year-old journalist's body was found hours later on a highway northeast of the Salvadoran capital, San Salvador.
Police said was strangled.
AMERICAN LEAGUE Toronto 000 002 002—4 6 1 Boston 001 012 02x—6 11 1
Gaviglio, Oh (7), Tepera (8) and Maile; Rodriguez, Barnes (7), B.Johnson (9), Kimbrel (9) and C.Vazquez. W_Rodriguez 6-1. L_Gaviglio 2-1. Sv_Kimbrel (18). HRs_Toronto, Hernandez (8). Boston, Nunez (4), Martinez (18).
___
Chicago 000 000 001—1 5 2 Cleveland 205 200 00x—9 13 0
Lopez, Volstad (3), Avilan (4), Rondon (5), Fry (6), N.Jones (7), Soria (8) and Narvaez; Kluber, Beliveau (7), Marshall (8), B.Taylor (9) and Gomes. W_Kluber 8-2. L_Lopez 1-4. HRs_Chicago, Sanchez (3). Cleveland, Ramirez (17), Encarnacion (13).
___
Houston 000 020 001—3 7 0 New York 100 022 00x—5 8 1
Keuchel, McHugh (6) and Stassi; L.Severino, Robertson (8), Chapman (9) and Romine. W_L.Severino 8-1. L_Keuchel 3-7. Sv_Chapman (12). HRs_Houston, Stassi (5).
___
Los Angeles 001 000 000—1 7 0 Detroit 100 005 00x—6 9 0
Ohtani, Bedrosian (6), J.Johnson (6), Morris (8) and Maldonado; Fiers, Jimenez (8), Greene (9) and Greiner. W_Coleman 2-0. L_Bedrosian 1-1.
___
Minnesota 001 124 000— 8 11 0 Kansas City 270 000 11x—11 16 0
Romero, Slegers (2), Pressly (8) and B.Wilson; Keller, Oaks (4), Smith (5), Flynn (6), McCarthy (7), Hill (8), Herrera (9) and S.Perez. W_McCarthy 4-2. L_Romero 2-2. Sv_Herrera (12). HRs_Minnesota, Dozier (8), Adrianza (1). Kansas City, Moustakas (12), Soler (8), Dozier (1).
___
INTERLEAGUE Washington 001 000 100—2 7 0 Baltimore 000 000 000—0 4 0
Scherzer, Doolittle (9) and P.Severino; Hess, Castro (7), Hart (8), Wright Jr. (9) and Sisco. W_Scherzer 9-1. L_Hess 2-2. Sv_Doolittle (13). HRs_Washington, Harper (18).
___
NATIONAL LEAGUE St. Louis 000 000 200—2 8 1 Milwaukee 000 010 20x—3 10 1
Reyes, Gant (5), Lyons (7), Tuivailala (7) and Kelly; Guerra, Jeffress (7), Hader (8), Knebel (9) and Kratz, Pina. W_Jeffress 5-0. L_Tuivailala 1-1. Sv_Knebel (5). HRs_St. Louis, Bader (5). Milwaukee, Yelich (7).
___
Cincinnati 000 402 001—7 12 0 Arizona 301 000 000—4 13 1
Romano, W.Peralta (6), Hughes (7), Garrett (7), R.Iglesias (8) and Barnhart; Corbin, Salas (7), Chafin (8), McFarland (9) and Murphy. W_Romano 3-6. L_Corbin 5-2. Sv_R.Iglesias (9). HRs_Cincinnati, Schebler (6), Duvall (10). Arizona, Goldschmidt (7), Murphy (7).
___
Chicago 100 000 000—1 9 1 Pittsburgh 110 000 00x—2 9 0
Hendricks, R.Rosario (6), Mazzoni (7), J.Wilson (7) and Contreras; Musgrove, Crick (8), F.Vazquez (9) and Cervelli. W_Musgrove 2-0. L_Hendricks 4-4. Sv_F.Vazquez (10). HRs_Pittsburgh, Harrison (2).
___
New York 000 100 111—4 9 1 Atlanta 000 000 100—1 5 0
Vargas, T.Peterson (6), Familia (8), Gsellman (9) and Plawecki; Teheran, Carle (8), S.Freeman (8), Socolovich (9) and Suzuki. W_Vargas 2-3. L_Teheran 4-3. Sv_Gsellman (2). HRs_Atlanta, Camargo (4).
Lebanon has displayed three stolen ancient sculptures that were returned from the United States recently.
The treasures arrived home last month and were put on display at the National Museum in Beirut on Friday.
The pieces include a marble bull's head dating to about 360 B.C., excavated at a Phoenician temple in southern Lebanon decades ago.
Lebanon's Culture Minister Ghattas Khoury told reporters at the museum that "we are all committed to repatriate as many of these objects, wherever they are."
The treasures were once owned by private collectors and valued at more than $5 million. They were ordered returned to Lebanon by the Manhattan district attorney.
They were stolen from a temple during the Lebanese 1975-90 civil war and confiscated in New York in the past few months.
The Supreme Court (SC) will continue to thresh out matters with martial law petitioners regarding the request of Solicitor General Jose Calida for an executive session when Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana and Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) chief of staff Eduardo Año deliver their sentiments on martial law in Mindanao.
The SC will continue meeting internally with the petitioners to determine if they will push through with an executive session or proceed with the oral argument.
With the sensitive information set to be divulged by Lorenzana and Año, the solicitor general called for an executive session on the SC proceedings.
ADVERTISEMENT
READ: DND, AFP chiefs ready to face SC for martial law oral arguments
On Thursday, Lorenzana and Año appeared before the SC after one of the petitioners, Albay Representative Edcel Lagman on Wednesday requested for their appearance.
Calida requested that if Lorenzana and Año will answer questions from members of the high court, this should be conducted in an executive session, citing national security.
“I do not know what is happening inside. The court is still meeting in the conference room. Oral arguments will resume as soon as the Court concludes its internal deliberations,” high court's Information Chief Atty. Theodore Te said. JPV/rga
The Ethiopian marathoner crouched down low in the hallway at the Miami airport as he carried a bouquet of red roses.
Feyisa Lilesa's daughter spotted him first and ran in for a hug. Then, his young son and lastly his wife.
On Valentine's Day, the Olympic silver medalist who became an international figure when he crossed his wrists in protest at the finish line in Rio de Janeiro finally reunited with his family. He was a little late (traffic), but what's a few extra minutes when he's already waited six long months to see them.
As he made his way out of the airport, his son perched on his shoulders and his daughter rode on the luggage, carrying the flowers he brought as a gift.
“The biggest gift is us seeing each other again – and me seeing them again,” Lilesa said through a translator in a phone interview Tuesday. “It's all been very tough.”
The 27-year-old eventually settled in Flagstaff, Arizona, after making an anti-government gesture during the Olympic marathon that drew global attention to the deadly protests in his home region of Oromia. He never returned home after Brazil out of fear of what might happen to him. He's constantly been worrying about the family he left behind in Ethiopia. His nearly 6-year-old daughter, Soko, and 3
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) – The Tennessee Titans have released cornerback Jason McCourty after eight seasons with the franchise, and a few days after the veteran shared the news himself on social media.
The Titans announced the move Monday, the first day of the team's offseason program.
General manager Jon Robinson said in a statement he respects McCourty and what he has done for the franchise in his eight seasons as a true professional. Robinson says they talked about having him return for the final season of his contract but could not agree on the right solution.
McCourty was due $7 million for the final season of his contract. The three-time captain started 90 games and had 13 interceptions in his tenure as a sixth-round pick out of Rutgers in 2009.
ST. LOUIS (AP) — The St. Louis Fire Department says a paramedic training officer falsely claimed he ran to the aid victims at the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing.
Shawn Daniel was honored at a St. Louis Blues hockey game in January. A posting on the Fire Department's Facebook page on Jan. 18 said he was among the emergency workers who hurried to help those injured in the bombing. Daniel was working at the time for a private ambulance company near Boston.
But the Fire Department says in a statement Tuesday that Daniel was never on the scene of the bombing and did not provide medical assistance. The Fire Department apologized.
The statement does not say what discipline Daniel might face. A message left with a department spokesman Wednesday wasn't immediately returned.
Ray's Barber Place
32932 Pacific Coast Highway #20
949.388.5320. www.raysbarberplace.com
Ray's Barber Place has expanded into Dana Point after operating in San Clemente for 14 years.
Owner, Rachael (or Ray) Place said she's lived in Dana Point and was ready to expand.
“I was given an insight that a barbershop here closed and thought it would be really awesome to expand into Dana Point,” Place said. “I thought, ‘What a great opportunity to be a part of the community.'”
Place, who, given the name of the shop, jokes that many people are surprised to find out she's a woman, has been in the barber business for 14 years and said the new location has been working out.
“We focus on quality and service,” Place said. “Every client gets a shampoo, a hot steamed towel and a neck shave.”
Place said that customers are only strangers once, and she loves what she does every day.
“I knew from when I was a little girl I wanted to do hair,” Place said. “I love it; there isn't a day in the last 14 years I haven't enjoyed. I get to hang out, sit and talk with customers and hear the stories from people around here.”
The business celebrated their opening with a ribbon-cutting ceremony on Monday, April 10 with the Dana Point Chamber of Commerce. The shop is located in the Monarch Bay Plaza.
PLANT CITY, Fla. (AP) — A Florida teen who doctors say is dying from a rare form of cancer has been granted one of his final wishes, to be married to his high school sweetheart.
The Tampa Bay Times reports 19-year-old Dustin Snyder and 21-year-old Sierra Siverio were wed Sunday in Plant City, near Tampa.
"After her being there with me through this cancer, always supporting me and loving me, that's when I knew she was the one," Snyder said. "I wanted to give her something back before my time was up."
Doctors say Snyder has weeks or maybe a month to live. Wasting no time, Snyder proposed to Siverio on Thursday. The newspaper reports the community quickly came together to make sure the wedding took place, donating everything from the rings to the wedding gown and the venue.
The two say they've been overwhelmed by the outpouring of support from strangers.
Snyder's sister, Brittany Hails, posted her brother's story on Facebook and started a GoFundMe page, which had raised nearly $13,000 by Friday. An update said they had met their goal and leftover donations would help the family with other expenses.
"I didn't think it would go this far, but God was on our side," Hails said. "Dustin's really excited, and all we wanted is for him to be happy. And he's happy right now."
The teens met in middle school, but had lost touch before reuniting in high school. Snyder has battled synovial sarcoma much of that time.
On June 27, 2016, the day before his 18th birthday, Snyder went to the hospital with chest pains, which his mother thought were brought on by asthma. But doctors quickly diagnosed the teen with synovial sarcoma, which targets soft tissue and is more common among adolescents and young adults than other age groups who contract it.
"When I first found out I was devastated, but then he told me I needed to be strong for him," Siverio said. "Ever since he said that I've been by his side."
___
Information from: Tampa Bay Times (St. Petersburg, Fla.), http://www.tampabay.com.
HBO
HBO is keeping mum about when Game of Thrones will return for its eighth and final season (which may or may not involve multiple endings), but luckily for us, the cast has been chatty of late. Iain Glen said that because many of the main characters are sharing storylines (Jon and Daenerys are together, for instance, in every sense of the word), “they can't [have two filming units] anymore. I think this last season will take much longer to shoot because they can only use one unit because we're all in the same sort of scenes.”
The inability to film simultaneously will slow down production on season eight, as will the extra-long, movie-length episodes. “[The episodes are] definitely going to be bigger and what I hear is longer,” Liam Cunningham, who plays season seven MVP, explained to TV Guide. “We're filming right up until the summer [2018]. When you think about it, up until last season we'd have six months to do ten episodes, so we're [doing] way more than that for six episodes. So that obviously will translate into longer episodes.”
Cunningham, who will travel to Belfast by Sunday for the first table read of the season, continued, “Game of Thrones is not like any other show. It's nuts. You basically put your life on hold when you start shooting. Yeah, HBO owns your ass. It's a dream job. I mean, you people don't want this to end, imagine how I feel. My accountant is crapping himself at the moment!”
If filming for season eight lasts until next summer, and an extra four or five months is spent on post-production, that puts Game of Thrones season eight on track for a 2019 debut. It's like that old Tom Petty song goes: you take it on faith, you take it to the heart, the waiting for dragons is the hardest part.
(Via TV Guide)
AMERICAN LEAGUE Toronto 000 002 002—4 6 1 Boston 001 012 02x—6 11 1
Gaviglio, Oh (7), Tepera (8) and Maile; Rodriguez, Barnes (7), B.Johnson (9), Kimbrel (9) and C.Vazquez. W_Rodriguez 6-1. L_Gaviglio 2-1. Sv_Kimbrel (18). HRs_Toronto, Hernandez (8). Boston, Nunez (4), Martinez (18).
___
Chicago 000 000 001—1 5 2 Cleveland 205 200 00x—9 13 0
Lopez, Volstad (3), Avilan (4), Rondon (5), Fry (6), N.Jones (7), Soria (8) and Narvaez; Kluber, Beliveau (7), Marshall (8), B.Taylor (9) and Gomes. W_Kluber 8-2. L_Lopez 1-4. HRs_Chicago, Sanchez (3). Cleveland, Ramirez (17), Encarnacion (13).
___
Houston 000 020 001—3 7 0 New York 100 022 00x—5 8 1
Keuchel, McHugh (6) and Stassi; L.Severino, Dav.Robertson (8), A.Chapman (9) and Au.Romine. W_L.Severino 8-1. L_Keuchel 3-7. Sv_A.Chapman (12). HRs_Houston, Stassi (5).
___
Los Angeles 001 000 000—1 7 0 Detroit 100 005 00x—6 9 0
Ohtani, Bedrosian (6), J.Johnson (6), Morris (8) and Maldonado; Fiers, Jimenez (8), Greene (9) and Greiner. W_Coleman 2-0. L_Bedrosian 1-1.
___
Minnesota 001 124 000— 8 11 0 Kansas City 270 000 11x—11 16 0
Romero, Slegers (2), Pressly (8) and B.Wilson; Keller, Oaks (4), B.Smith (5), Flynn (6), McCarthy (7), Hill (8), K.Herrera (9) and S.Perez. W_McCarthy 4-2. L_Romero 2-2. Sv_K.Herrera (12). HRs_Minnesota, Dozier (8), Adrianza (1). Kansas City, Moustakas (12), Soler (8), Dozier (1).
___
Tampa Bay 013 000 020—6 10 0 Oakland 000 000 000—0 1 4
Eovaldi, Font (7), Nuno (9) and Sucre; Manaea, Ramirez (6), Coulombe (8), Hatcher (9) and Lucroy. W_Eovaldi 1-0. L_Manaea 5-6. HRs_Tampa Bay, Refsnyder (2), Field (5).
___
Texas 000 201 400—7 11 0 Seattle 001 301 001—6 13 0
Moore, Barnette (6), Leclerc (7), Claudio (8), Kela (9) and Chirinos; Paxton, Altavilla (6), Cook (7), Rzepczynski (7), Nicasio (7), Bradford (9) and Zunino. W_Barnette 1-0. L_Rzepczynski 0-1. Sv_Kela (12).
___
INTERLEAGUE Washington 001 000 100—2 7 0 Baltimore 000 000 000—0 4 0
Scherzer, Doolittle (9) and P.Severino; Hess, M.Castro (7), Hart (8), Wright Jr. (9) and Sisco. W_Scherzer 9-1. L_Hess 2-2. Sv_Doolittle (13). HRs_Washington, Harper (18).
___
NATIONAL LEAGUE St. Louis 000 000 200—2 8 1 Milwaukee 000 010 20x—3 10 1
A.Reyes, Gant (5), Lyons (7), Tuivailala (7) and Kelly; Guerra, Jeffress (7), Hader (8), Knebel (9) and Kratz, Pina. W_Jeffress 5-0. L_Tuivailala 1-1. Sv_Knebel (5). HRs_St. Louis, Bader (5). Milwaukee, Yelich (7).
___
Cincinnati 000 402 001—7 12 0 Arizona 301 000 000—4 13 1
Romano, W.Peralta (6), Hughes (7), Garrett (7), R.Iglesias (8) and Barnhart; Corbin, Salas (7), Chafin (8), McFarland (9) and Murphy. W_Romano 3-6. L_Corbin 5-2. Sv_R.Iglesias (9). HRs_Cincinnati, Schebler (6), Duvall (10). Arizona, Goldschmidt (7), Murphy (7).
___
Chicago 100 000 000—1 9 1 Pittsburgh 110 000 00x—2 9 0
Hendricks, R.Rosario (6), Mazzoni (7), J.Wilson (7) and Contreras; Musgrove, Crick (8), F.Vazquez (9) and Cervelli. W_Musgrove 2-0. L_Hendricks 4-4. Sv_F.Vazquez (10). HRs_Pittsburgh, Harrison (2).
___
New York 000 100 111—4 9 1 Atlanta 000 000 100—1 5 0
Vargas, T.Peterson (6), Familia (8), Gsellman (9) and Plawecki; Teheran, Carle (8), S.Freeman (8), Socolovich (9) and Suzuki. W_Vargas 2-3. L_Teheran 4-3. Sv_Gsellman (2). HRs_Atlanta, Camargo (4).
___
San Francisco 020 220 010—7 11 0 Colorado 310 000 000—4 11 0
Holland, Moronta (6), Watson (7), S.Dyson (8), Strickland (9) and Posey; Gray, Musgrave (4), Oberg (6), McGee (8), Rusin (9) and Wolters. W_Holland 3-6. L_Musgrave 0-1. Sv_Strickland (11). HRs_Colorado, Arenado (11).
___
Miami 000 200 000—2 4 1 San Diego 000 100 002—3 6 0
Urena, Steckenrider (7), Barraclough (8), Ziegler (9) and Realmuto; Richard, Strahm (8) and Lopez. W_Strahm 1-2. L_Ziegler 0-5. HRs_Miami, Castro (3). San Diego, Reyes (4).
___
Philadelphia 000 000 101—2 8 1 Los Angeles 103 120 01x—8 13 0
Eflin, Arano (5), Hutchison (7) and Alfaro; Stripling, Garcia (8), Venditte (9) and Grandal. W_Stripling 3-1. L_Eflin 1-2. HRs_Philadelphia, Williams (6). Los Angeles, Muncy (7), Kemp (7).
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Marvel‘s Runaways got to a slow start. Part of that was just the show wanted to firmly establish both what these kids were leaving behind and just why their parents were so willing to stuff people into a glowing box of radioactive fire. But, last week, everybody got their powers (or at least close enough), and we finally found out Pride's motivation, so now the season can really get going.
What's been really interesting, and sometimes frustrating, is how close they've stuck to the comic in some respects while turning away from it in others. After all, these kids haven't actually run away yet, despite the title of the show. And perhaps the problem is that it arrives every Tuesday, instead of all at once as a binge-watch. But, once the impatience worn off, Runaways has begun to live up to the promise of the first two episodes. So now the question becomes where they go next, especially now that, in most cases, their parents are fully aware the kids have superpowers and know they're villains.
This Week's Geeky TV
Monday, December 11th
The Gifted, 8pm, Fox: We haven't talked much about Fox's X-Men show, but it is pretty fun, and if you're caught up on your other shows this week, it's worth a shot to get caught up before the season finale arrives in January. The show's just taking a break over Christmas.
Wednesday, December 13th
Riverdale, 8pm, The CW, Midseason Finale: Last episode, everybody broke up with everybody, so hey, surely that's not going to end with somebody getting shot by the insane vigilante stalking Betty. Right?
Friday, December 15th
Agents Of SHIELD, 9pm, ABC: Last episode, they decided to put highly-trained secret agent Daisy, who over the last five years has beaten up everybody from HYDRA agents to tools of Satan, into the gladiatorial ring. Maybe bring a shovel to scrape up the other guy.
Anything we missed? Let us know in the comments!
Getty Image
No one believed it would happen. No one believed it could be pulled off. Now, the craziest superfight in the history of combat sports is going down August 26th. This comes right after the news that Mayweather Promotions was working towards an event at the MGM Grand, which has not officially been finalized as the venue for the megafight. The Nevada State Athletic Commission had just approved the event, and signed off on the (then) potential Mayweather/McGregor bout earlier today. A few hours later, and we have one of the biggest fights in the history of the world.
Mayweather said he'd make an announcement on social media if this were really happening, but so far, he's been quiet. Both fighters, in fact, have been their usual selves on Twitter and Instagram. Here's Conor hinting at the fight, while “Money” does his thing:
Just tell us the ruleset. pic.twitter.com/Ucvf7sdWE1 — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) June 13, 2017
Now, the big questions that definitely need answering:
OLD WESTBURY, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — They're a new breed of athlete, one that colleges nationwide are clamoring over.
In the past three years, 50 schools have added esports programs. Seventeen of them offer scholarships.
CBS2's Steve Overmyer was in attendance at the inaugural esports game at New York Institute of Technology. The gamers played a six-on-six game called “Overwatch” against the University of Delaware, whose team is 200 miles away,
So what do parents say when they find out that their kids can earn scholarships by playing video games?
“Well, at first, you tell them you're on a team. They get excited,” said Bryan Valenti of the NYIT CyBears. “You say it's a video game team. The happiness kind of leaves a little bit.”
Just like any other athlete, esports gamers go through weeks of training just to make the team.
The NCAA has yet to regulate esports. That means professional gamers can join the programs.
“Playing with everyone together, you can kind of just feel the energy in the roo,” said Robert Schneck.
“It was fun. It was exhilirating,” he added. “It's nice to be able to play with everyone really close.”
When asked if he sees a future when being on an esports team will have the same credibility as playing on the basketball team, Eliezer Duran said: “Without a doubt. Esports, in general, is just a growing industry. It's only a matter of time.”
Esports are about more than just gaming. Players say it improves communication and social skills, and it's allowing the schools to meet the students in their world.
NYIT athletic director Dan Veltz said if it were up to him alone, the school would start offering esports scholarships tomorrow.
“We're an institution that's tuition driven,” he said. “The more things we can offer that will attract students, the more beneficial it is to us.”
A recent study by the University of California in Irvine says 72 percent of college students play video games, yet only 1 percent of schools offer esports programs.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
With only one week until St. Vincent releases her highly anticipated fifth full-length, MASSEDUCTION, the roll-out is reaching a fever pitch. But with new songs and music videos already in circulation, St. Vinny's newest bit of promotion comes in the form of a video interview courtesy of Red Bull Music Academy, with whom she'll debut her new live show on Saturday night in Los Angeles.
In the video clip, St. Vincent speaks with Willo Peron, the director of her recent “Los Ageless” video. Shot behind the scenes during the making of that clip, viewers get to see a side of St. Vincent that hasn't been as present in the lead-up to the new album. That is, St. Vincent is presented as a human rather than a conceptual art project.
Perhaps the best moment comes when the pair discusses their musical histories, with St. Vincent revealing her first cd was Tripping Daisy, in a nod to her Dallas upbringing. She also discusses her fandom of Lauryn Hill, revealing that she can still “flow” along when the songs come on the radio, and how that made her realize she could never be a rapper.
Watch the full behind-the-scenes interview above, and look for St. Vincent's new album out on Loma Vista next week.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Transcript for Kim Kardashian West visits White House to discuss clemency case
Reality star Kim card ash infection just left after visiting the White House a short time ago she was there to discuss prison reform which are commissioner. Just a little less than an hour there Kardashian is pushing for a partner pardon rather for a great grandmother named Alice Marie Johnson. Johnson is serving a life sentence with how parole. For a first time. Drug offense.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
TORONTO (AP) — The Toronto Blue Jays honored the victims of Monday's deadly van attack, and the first responders who rushed to the scene of the tragedy, with a brief tribute before Tuesday night's game against the Boston Red Sox.
Players from both teams stood in front of the dugouts as Toronto police officers and two paramedics stood between second base and the pitching mound and were introduced to cheering fans. Following a video message and a moment of silence, a group of high school students sang the national anthems.
A blue banner reading "#TORONTOSTRONG" was hung from the second deck in center field, and similar signs were hung on the wall behind home plate.
Ten people were killed and 14 injured when a driver plowed a rented van into a on along a crowded sidewalk. It was the worst mass killing in Canada since Dec. 6, 1989, when a man shot 14 women at the Ecole Polytechnique in Montreal before turning the gun on himself.
Blue Jays manager John Gibbons called news of Monday's attack "brutal," while Red Sox manager Alex Cora said "it makes you sick just to think about it."
Commissioner Rob Manfred, who happened to be in Toronto on Tuesday, said Major League Baseball was "devastated" by the events.
"You were in our thoughts all day yesterday and will remain there for some time," Manfred said about two hours before the first pitch. "I hope that maybe our game tonight will provide a little bit of the beginning of a healing process that will be important for this city."
A committee of executive directors of government offices has recommended to ministers that Tel Aviv allow 164 businesses to continue to operate on the Jewish Sabbath. The committee recommended a future limit of 140 businesses with no option of increasing the number.
Opponents warned of the spread of Shabbat businesses to other localities and called on Interior Minister Aryeh Deri to fight the recommendation.
A video captured the awkward yet cute moment when Jordan McLinn attempted to give President Donald Trump a hug on Wednesday.
Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Holding the signing pen in hand, McLinn received a hug and kiss on the forehead after a few attempts at trying to capture the president's attention.
The instance occurred at the signing of the "Right to Try Act", a piece of legislation focused on allowing patients with terminal illnesses to have access to experimental treatments that may improve or even cure their condition.
"Right to try. That's such a great name," Trump said. "Some bills, they don't have a good name. Really. But this is such a great name, from the first day I heard it. Right to try. And a lot of the trying is going to be successful. I really believe that. I really believe it."
Along with his mother, McLinn has been a continuous advocate of the passing of the bill across various states. McLinn, who hails, from Indianapolis has a deadly form of muscular dystrophy.
"The Right to Try Act" will bear McLinn's name and four other individuals.
“Thanks to you, the countless American lives will ultimately be saved,” Trump said. “We'll be saving – I don't want to say thousands because I think it's going to be more. Thousands and thousands, hundreds of thousands. We're going to be saving tremendous numbers of lives.”
President Trump also teased the coming drop in prescription drug prices and potential new actions to undercut the Affordable Care Act.
“People will see for the first time ever in this country a major drop in the cause of prescription drugs. Right?” Trump asked of his HHS Secretary Alex Azar. “Mr. Secretary, that's already happening, right?”
ABC News' Alexander Mallin contributed to this report.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Miley Cyrus' cover of Dolly Parton's classic “Jolene” was a pleasant surprise for fans of the musician back in 2012. It came in the midst of Cyrus' early controversies near the end of Hannah Montana period, showing some real talent for those who likely only saw the controversial former Disney Channel star. It also came right before her Bangerz tour and the whole twerking with Robin Thicke at the VMAs, so the mileage may vary for some folks.
Those days are far gone at this point in Cyrus' career, with the pop star shedding her wilder antics for a more serious direction as a singer-songwriter. It's why the return of “Jolene” isn't much of a surprise during this segment from Wednesday's Tonight Show where Cyrus and Jimmy Fallon don disguises to go busking in the New York City subway. Fallon has done something similar in the past with U2, so there's some experience behind it now. Also, he gets to actually sing a bit this time around.
Cyrus starts off with “Jolene” while still in disguise, drawing in a crowd and not really holding back with her vocals. Then after revealing her true identity to the crowd, she leads the entire crowd in a rendition of “Party In The USA.” If the crowd response means anything, folks are still big fans of those early Miley Cyrus hits. If this all doesn't end with a mature Hannah Montana revival, we're being robbed.
(Via The Tonight Show)
Getty Image
Kawhi Leonard did not claim the 2016-2017 NBA MVP award, but the San Antonio Spurs forward put together a season that would have garnered him the honor in many seasons. Leonard continued to be a transcendent force on the defensive end while vastly improving his overall offensive profile, and that combination was a devastating one for a player that is almost universally accepted as one of the top ten basketball players on the planet.
However, there seems to be a debate brewing about labeling Leonard a “superstar” and former All-NBA guard Penny Hardaway recently weighed in with an interesting take. In appearing on SiriusXM's NBA Radio show Bottomline, Hardaway said the following about Leonard. (h/t Jabari Young of the San Antonio Express-News)
HANNOVER, Germany--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--With new investors and management, the former ACTA/Heliocentris Italy changed the name to Enapter, and is showcasing innovations to the existing product line.
Enapter offers electrolyser systems in the range of 250L to 1000L/h. Enapter stacks are small, flexible, modular. The electrolysers are scalable and enable cost effective systems of up to 48kW. They produce clean and dry hydrogen, directly compressed to 35 bar. The electrolyser can be powered from any source.
Enapter is also demonstrating existing international use-cases where on-site hydrogen production is realized; such as back-up power for off-grid houses, telecom towers, production and laboratory use.
At the Hannover Fair, Enapter continues to showcase its Anion Exchange Membrane (AEM) Technology. AEM operates in a non-corrosive, slightly alkaline environment, where no noble metals are required to achieve a good lifetime. This unique technology combines the benefits of cost-efficient alkaline electrolysis with those of the Proton Exchange Membrane (PEM) electrolysis.
Enapter will reveal its new state-of-the-art energy monitoring system. The comprehensive dashboard provides a full view of the hydrogen production data. Enapter ensures high security standards by using TLS 1.2 protocol, and the authorization system is based on X.509 certificates. The new software is equipped with MQTT and OPC-UA Interfaces to be Industry 4.0 compatible. The mobile application reduces monitoring system setup and update time to a fraction of time.
Meet the Enapter team at # D.57, in Hall 27, from Monday, April 23 to Friday, 27.
About Enapter
Enapter's core technology has a 10-year proven track record and is the foundation for a unique range of low-cost, compact hydrogen electrolysers. Today, they are already used internationally in the telecommunications, academia, and agricultural and residential fields.
Enapter took over the former company ACTA/Heliocentris in the end of 2017, and invested in a huge turnaround. The company is structured like a hydrogen technology startup with offices today in Italy, Germany and Thailand. The company designs and manufactures highly efficient and modular hydrogen generators, using AEM electrolysis. The team combines electrochemical and IT expertise to drive the Hydrogen Economy from both hardware and software standpoints. For more information please visit the website www.enapter.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005015/en/
CONTACT: Enapter
Vaitea Cowan
Head of Marketing
vaitea@enapter.com
KEYWORD: EUROPE NORTH AMERICA CANADA GERMANY
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENERGY ALTERNATIVE ENERGY TECHNOLOGY HARDWARE SOFTWARE TELECOMMUNICATIONS MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING RESEARCH SCIENCE
SOURCE: Enapter
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 02:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 02:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005015/en
HANOI, Vietnam (AP) — Vietnam is urging China to take responsible and constructive actions in the disputed South China Sea following a Pentagon report that highlighted Beijing military's buildup in the strategic waters.
Vietnamese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Le Thi Thu Hang told reporters that her government has legal basis and historical evidence to affirm its sovereignty over the Spratly and Paracel islands in the South China Sea and that acts by foreign countries on the islands without Vietnam's permission were illegal.
Vietnam, along with China and the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan claims parts of or all the Spratly islands, which are believed to sit on rich natural resources and occupy one of the world's busiest sea lanes.
Following the violence in Charlottesville over the weekend, and President Trump's continued inability (until he had to do so) to directly condemn white supremacists' and neo-Nazis' actions, the White House and other members of the Trump administration scrambled to assure the press that the President totally meant “white supremacists” in his comments. Yet many others quickly took their own steps to say that white supremacy is not okay.
One person who did not mince words denouncing white nationalism was Pearce Tefft, a Fargo resident whose son Peter Tefft is a prominent white nationalist who was present in Charlottesville. In an op-ed for Inforum, a news site that covers North Dakota and Minnesota, the elder Tefft disavowed his son:
“I, along with all of his siblings and his entire family, wish to loudly repudiate my son's vile, hateful and racist rhetoric and actions. We do not know specifically where he learned these beliefs. He did not learn them at home. “I have shared my home and hearth with friends and acquaintances of every race, gender and creed. I have taught all of my children that all men and women are created equal. That we must love each other all the same. “Evidently Peter has chosen to unlearn these lessons, much to my and his family's heartbreak and distress. We have been silent up until now, but now we see that this was a mistake. It was the silence of good people that allowed the Nazis to flourish the first time around, and it is the silence of good people that is allowing them to flourish now. “Peter Tefft, my son, is not welcome at our family gatherings any longer. I pray my prodigal son will renounce his hateful beliefs and return home. Then and only then will I lay out the feast.”
Tefft goes on to say that it's not fair that the rest of the family is associated with his son's “twisted worldview” before asking his son to “renounce the hate, accept and love all.”
On Monday, Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, the only black member of Trump's American Manufacturing Council, very publicly resigned his position as a presidential business advisor because of President Trump's tepid response to Charlottesville. Weirdly, President Trump condemned Frazier's decision within minutes on Twitter. Elsewhere on Twitter, a campaign to identify torch-wielders from Friday night's rally led to Cole White, a Berkeley hot dog restaurant employee, losing his job.
(Via Inforum)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
CHICAGO (AP) — A U.S. Army veteran with a green card who faces deportation because of a 2008 drug conviction has lost an appeal to remain in the country.
The 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago rejected the argument by Miguel Perez Jr that his life would be in danger if he were deported to Mexico. He left Mexico when he was 8 years old.
Perez's supporters said Monday in a statement that the ruling has left his family "distraught."
Perez served two tours in Afghanistan. He says he mistakenly thought he became a U.S. citizen when he took an oath to protect the nation.
He's being held in a Wisconsin detention center where he awaits deportation.
He pleaded guilty to a drug charge for handing a laptop case containing cocaine to an undercover officer. He served half of a 15-year prison sentence.
JOHNSON CITY – More than 1,300 students are expected to graduate from East Tennessee State University on Saturday, Dec. 16 during ceremonies at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. This year, additional security protocols have been instituted as safety remains a top priority at these events.
Students and guests are encouraged to arrive early to accommodate the additional security measures, which include metal detectors and bag searches. Any unsearchable bag, container or package will not be allowed into the facility.
Graduates will be allowed to carry personal items such as cell phones, car keys and wallets on the floor level of the ETSU/MSHA Athletic Center (Mini-Dome) as long as these items are secured under regalia. Name cards are the only items that should be held in hand by graduates while on the floor. Students are encouraged to leave personal items in their vehicles or in designated coatrooms. Exceptions will be made for medical reasons.
Prohibited items in the Dome include but are not limited to alcohol products, illegal drugs, firearms or any weapons. Animals are not allowed with the exception of trained service animals.
Graduates and visitors are encouraged to only bring essential items to the ceremony in order to expedite the security process.
For more information, visit https://www.etsu.edu/reg/,
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — 2016 could not end fast enough for Mariah Carey as jaws dropped ahead of the ball drop in Times Square Saturday night.
After wowing fans with her vocal acrobatics for more than a quarter of a century, the legendary singer plodded around stage unable to sing her own songs.
Carey's New Year's Eve musical meltdown stunned the millions of people who witnessed it live in person and on television.
“She was not happy,” said one woman.
“There was definitely some sort of mishap going on there,” said another.
The world famous diva tweeted a picture of her rehearsal New Year's Eve afternoon, but her representatives told Billboard Magazine that audio equipment failures later that night lead to the disastrous spectacle during her live televised performance.
Carey — clearly upset and frustrated — awkwardly milled around the stage without singing as a pre-recorded track played on.
“We're missing some of the vocal,” she could be heard saying. “But it is what it is.”
The pop icon's reps say she told production and stage managers her ear piece wasn't working, but they assured her it would work when she hit the stage.
Maryland Sound International handled the production and defended it's team on Facebook, saying “Gear was flawless and sound was very good on stage. What was the problem? Only 1 person can answer that question and that wouldn't be one of us.”
Security quickly whisked Carey off the stage. She hit social media shortly after, posting to Twitter “(expletive) happens. Have a happy and healthy new year everybody. Here's to making more headlines in 2017.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
MANILA — PO1 Daniel Castillo of Manila Police District was a “friendly” man before he turned “dead drunk” on New Year's Eve and started firing shots in the air.
“Friendly sa beat. Kada kanto na yayain siyang uminom, umiinom. Ayon, nalasing, nagpaputok. Sobrang lasing. Langong lango (He was friendly at the beat. At every street corner where he was offered a drink, he drank. He became drunk, started firing. He was so drunk),” said Chief Inspector Arsenio Riparip , head of the MPD-general assignment and investigation section (GAIS), the unit that probed Castillo.
Riparip said Castillo was “not even aware” why his fellow Tondo policemen disarmed and arrested him that night. Castillo was still in uniform when he was brought to MPD-GAIS, said Riparip.
ADVERTISEMENT
Castillo, who joined the Philippine National Police in 2014, was tasked to patrol the stretch of Benita Street in Gagalangin, Tondo on New Year's eve. Before his deployment, his superiors warned all cops: “Walang magpapaputok.” (Nobody will fire a gun.)
Riparip said it was a “strict” order from PNP Director General Rolando Dela Rosa and MPD Director Joel Coronel.
After all, the PNP announced that it would not seal the muzzles of policemen's firearms, a tradition observed for years to prevent cases of indiscriminate firing during the holiday celebration, to show that the police force was responsible and disciplined.
Like other policemen assigned that day, Castillo's tour of duty was 5 p.m. to 5 a.m. While patrolling his beat, Castillo reportedly “accepted every drink offered to him from beer to brandy,” said Riparip.
At 11:56 p.m., the residents Castillo was friendly with got scared of him as he “fired shots in the air while walking along the street.”
“Sobrang dami daw ng putok ng baril natakot yong mga tao (He was just firing way too many shots, the people got scared),” Riparip said, adding “ng naubos niya yong isang magazine, nag reload pa ulit (when he finished one magazine, he reloaded).”
Castillo's superior, Supt. Roberto Domingo of Raxabago police station, ordered his arrest.
Riparip said MPD-GAIS filed an alarm and scandal complaint against Castillo at the city prosecutor office. The rookie cop was also slapped with an administrative complaint. SFM
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — The Latest on the announcement by U.S. Rep. Bob Brady 's announcement he won't seek re-election (all times local):
1:45 p.m.
U.S. Rep. Bob Brady of Philadelphia says he decided to retire so he could spend more time with his family, not because of the corruption case dogging him.
The FBI has said it believes Brady's campaign unlawfully concealed a $90,000 payment to get a primary opponent to quit the race in 2012.
Three people have already pleaded guilty in the case but Brady has not been charged. The congressman said Wednesday his lawyers told him he would not face charges because of the statute of limitations.
He said, "I did nothing wrong."
Brady has served in Congress for two decades and has been Philadelphia's Democratic Party boss going back 30 years.
He said it's time "to come back home."
__
12:50 a.m.
U.S. Rep. Bob Brady of Philadelphia won't seek another term in Congress, giving up the seat he's held for two decades.
Brady and his lawyer revealed the news to reporters and Democratic Party ward leaders in Philadelphia on Wednesday.
The 72-year-old Brady was facing a potentially stiff primary challenge from former city official Nina Ahmad. His decision comes after the FBI investigated a payment his campaign made to a primary opponent in 2012.
Court documents made public in November showed the FBI believed Brady unlawfully concealed the $90,000 payment to get the primary opponent to quit the race. Brady has denied any wrongdong.
Last month, a political consultant for Brady pleaded guilty to lying about the payment.
4 firefighting teams working to bring fire which closed exit from Jerusalem under control.
Four firefighting teams are working to take control of a fire in the wadi area of ​​Lifta, near the entrance to Jerusalem.
Four firefighting planes and four additional firefighters were dispatched to the scene because of the fact that the fire was spreading rapidly up the mountain, under the guise of the winds.
The road between Begin Road and the exit from Jerusalem was blocked due to the fire.
The NASCAR XFINITY Series is back in action from Bristol Motor Speedway for the Fitzgerald Glider Kits 300.
There are 42 cars on the entry list, barring any changes, meaning two teams will be sent home packing after qualifying takes place on Saturday morning from the 0.533-mile bullring.
The field is very similar to two weeks ago at TMS. However, Quin Houff is a new entry in the No. 46 Chevrolet, the points for which are owned by Precision Performance Motorsports, while Tommy Joe Martins will attempt to make his season debut with his own team, the No. 45.
The same Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series regulars are doing double duty as well, including Austin Dillon, Ty Dillon, Daniel Suarez, Ryan Blaney and Kyle Larson, along with Erik Jones, who will pilot the No. 20 Toyota for Joe Gibbs Racing. He also happens to be the defending winner of this race, as he wound up in Victory Lane one year ago.
The race is scheduled to go green at approximately 1:16 p.m. ET on Fox Sports 1. Kevin Harvick will be in the broadcast booth with Adam Alexander and Michael Waltrip for the second time this season.
Mexican President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador is promising that jobless youths, the elderly and Mexico's business sector will be the biggest beneficiaries of his first year in office.
Lopez Obrador is pledging to pay the salaries of apprentices employed by Mexican companies as part of a $5 billion packages of scholarships and job training.
The once-fiery leftist met with Mexican businessmen on Wednesday and pledged another $2 billion to extend and increase old-age supplementary payments to the elderly nationwide.
Lopez Obrador said the two programs will be the central themes of his first year in office. He said the $7.5 billion package will be paid for by government cost-cutting, "even if we are left without a shirt on our backs."
Lopez Obrador was elected in a landslide Sunday.
Efforts by the Republic of China (Taiwan) in assisting its diplomatic allies through medical aid reflect the country's soft power and commitment to advancing global health, according to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs June 13.
The success of Taiwan's annual international medical mission in the Marshall Islands serves as a prime example in these regards, MOFA Deputy Minister Paul Wen-liang Chang said, adding that the country will continue to strengthen bilateral collaboration with the South Pacific ally to help improve its medical care.
The deputy minister made the remarks during the launch of the book “The Guardian from Dawn to Dusk: the Stories of Shuang Ho Hospital Medical Missions in the Marshall Islands,” which documents the efforts of medical professionals dispatched every year byTaipei Medical University Shuang Ho Hospital to the island state since 2013.
According to Chang, the dedication of the local medical missions to enhancing public health in the Marshall Islands is greatly appreciated by the nation's people. They expressed this sentiment to MOFA Minister David Tawei Lee when he visited the ROC diplomatic ally in April this year, the deputy minister added.
Taiwan medical teams' achievements underscore the effectiveness of the ROC government's steadfast diplomacy, which is helping safeguard the global health system, Chang said.
In a video recorded for the occasion, Marshall Islands Health Minister Kalani Kaneko thanked Taiwan for providing medical assistance to his country. Anjanette Kattil, deputy chief of mission at the Embassy of the Marshall Islands in Taipei, also expressed gratitude for the medical teams' successful efforts.
According to the MOFA, since diplomatic relations between the ROC and Marshall Islands began in 1998, the two countries have maintained close cooperation in such areas as agriculture, clean energy, education, medicine and public health.
A recent example of the firm bilateral ties is an agreement signed by Kaneko and Shuang Ho Hospital Deputy Superintendent Dr. Lin Jia-wei Feb. 24, 2017 in the Marshall Islands. Under the pact, the hospital will oversee a residency program for Marshallese medical doctors graduating from the College of Medicine at Kaohsiung City-based I-Shou University, with the internship set to begin in August this year at Majuro Hospital under the supervision of Shuang Ho physicians.
Taiwan's medical missions in the Marshall Islands are representative of broader efforts to contribute to global health security. The Pacific island nation has played a major role in this endeavor, most recently by advocating for the ROC's participation in this year's World Health Assembly—the decision-making body of the World Health Organization, the MOFA added.
NEW YORK (AP) — Three guys walk into a bar. They're Warren Buffett, Amazon.com's Jeff Bezos and JPMorgan Chase's Jamie Dimon. They decide to transform the American health care system.
That's probably not how these three men decided to form a new company to address health care costs for their U.S. employees, and possibly for many more Americans. The three companies, with a combined market cap of $1.62 trillion, did not provide details of how the collaboration between their CEOs came about. And while their announcement Tuesday didn't include many specifics, based on their very different business backgrounds it's possible to see what each might bring to the table.
Bezos, 54, runs one of the world's biggest retail operations and by some measurement he's now the wealthiest person on the planet. Amazon grew from a book retailer into one of the world's most valuable companies in part because it's extremely skilled in distributing products. It's long been willing to lose money in order to offer customers lower prices than its competitors can bear — and in the process gain a loyal customer base. That's what millions of Prime members love about it.
Amazon has never been consistent at turning profits because of its focus on sales growth. That's what many investors fear about it. Investors in health care have long thought Amazon was going to get into that field and force companies that make and distribute medications or medical devices to drastically lower their prices.
When the three companies said they want to create a partnership "free from profit-making incentives and constrains," Amazon would seem to be the blueprint.
By contrast, few associate fears with Buffett, the 87-year-old "Oracle of Omaha." He's respected for his 70 years of successful investing, beloved by many for giving billions to charity — he has said he plans to give away at least half his fortune — and appreciated for a common touch that includes a prodigious Coca-Cola habit and a love of junk food, along with his personal frugality. But most significant in this context is that his company, Berkshire Hathaway, owns a number of insurers including GEICO. That means he brings a lot of experience in evaluating and insuring risks.
And he's a longtime critic of the health care system. Tuesday was not the first time Buffett had talked about growing health care costs as a "tapeworm" that harms the growth of the American economy.
Dimon, 61, is the head of the largest U.S. bank in terms of both assets and deposits. If that weren't enough to get him entry into the conversation, JPMorgan Chase just received a big tax cut. Dimon himself earned a lot of respect for his handling of the 2008-09 financial crisis. Unlike many of its competitors, JPMorgan Chase didn't have to be bailed out by taxpayers as a result of its bad bets on mortgage-backed securities.
That doesn't mean he's exactly beloved: Like its rivals, the bank did pay billions to settle allegations surrounding its sales of mortgage-backed securities prior to the crisis. He's also known for speaking his mind in blunt terms. In July, he complained about politicians arguing about "stupid (expletive)" instead of solving problems.
The companies said their project will focus on technology that provides simplified and transparent care. Based on the executives who have been named to top roles at the new company, Jefferies & Co. analyst Brian Tanquilut said there is a good chance it will eventually try to negotiate prices directly with health care providers like hospitals, bypassing companies that act as middlemen. That could reduce costs in the medical and pharmaceutical supply chains.
"The initial plan for the new entity will be on partnering with and/or acquiring various consumer-orientated health care technology capabilities (i.e. a venture capital strategy) and eventually using them to influence and incentivize health care cost-reducing behavior," he said, basing his speculation on the executives picked to shepherd the new company along.
Whatever the new company's scope, investors in health care companies were deeply concerned: On Tuesday health insurer Cigna dropped 7.2 percent, biotech drugmaker AbbVie fell 5.3 percent, and drugstore chain-pharmacy benefits manager CVS Health lost 4.1 percent as the sector took broad losses.
When it comes to chowing down on kale, Gideon Oji is once again the top dog, beating back a challenge from hot-dog-eating champ Joey Chestnut Oji gulped down 22 16-ounce bowls of the leafy green vegetable in eight minutes during Sunday's Kale Yeah! Competition at the Erie County Fair in New York. The kale was served raw with oil and vinegar.The contest is billed as the world's healthiest eating competition.Chestnut, of San Jose, California, consumed 20 kale servings. He is the reigning hot dog-eating champion at the Nathan's Famous in New York City.Oji is Nigerian and now lives in Marrow, Georgia. He took the inaugural kale-eating title last year, consuming 25 servings.Sunday's event was an unlikely partnership between the Independent Health Foundation and Major League Eating.
Surry Community College alumna and historian Jewel Parker will present “Subdue Our Masters…Without Violence, Colonial Women Before the American Revolution, 1693-1760” on Wednesday at 12:30 p.m. in A-121 on the Dobson campus.
The lecture is open to the public with no admission cost.
Parker is originally from Elkin, and received an associate in arts degree from Surry Community College in May 2014. She then transferred to Appalachian State University where she completed a bachelor of arts in history with minors in political science and women's studies.
She is attending ASU to complete a master of arts in history in May. She plans to begin working on a doctorate in history at UNC-Greensboro this fall.
For additional information regarding Wednesday's talk, contact Kasey Martin, coordinator of Student and Community Engagement, at martinkr@surry.edu or (336) 386-3468.
The New York Times reported on Monday that Facebook Chief Information Security Officer Alex Stamos would be stepping down after disagreements over how the social media network should handle the spread of disinformation.
In a subsequent tweet, Stamos denied the report, writing, “Despite the rumors, I'm still fully engaged with my work at Facebook. It's true that my role did change. I'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security.”
Getty Image / Shudder
What scared you as a child? There are some biggies we all share like, say, the dark or ghosts and such. But those aren't the ones that interest filmmaker Rodney Ascher. For the half-hour documentary Primal Screen, the first in a possible series Ascher directed for the horror-leaning screening service Shudder, Ascher explores one specific source of childhood trauma that stuck with those exposed to it at a young age: the TV ad for the 1978 film magic, a thriller about a ventriloquist (Anthony Hopkins) whose dummy seems to take on a life of its own. Go ahead and give it a look to see if you can figure out why.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Creepy, right? But for the subjects of Primal Screen, the spot's impact went beyond a momentary shudder. They talk at length about its lasting impact and how it fed into a lifelong fear of dolls and dummies and made itself felt in other ways. From there, Ascher goes further, touching on ventriloquism's roots in necromancy — the act of making the dead speak — and connecting it to the ways in which online communication mimics talking through a puppet, with all the added liberties personality fragmentation that applies. (Consider, for starters, those emboldened by talking behind a Pepe avatar behind a fake name.) In other words, the 30-second commercial is just the center of a project that spirals out in several different directions at once.
In that way, it's in keeping with Ascher's other work, starting with his short film “The S From Hell,” which examines those similarly affected by the Screen Gems logo, and continuing through his feature films. Ascher's 2012 film Room 237 weaves together the eccentric commentaries of several fans of Stanley Kubrick's The Shining. His 2015 follow-up, The Nightmare, captures the experiences of those suffering from the terrifying condition of sleep paralysis and the impact it's had on their lives. All employed what's now his signature technique, also on display in Primal Screen, mixing archival footage with creepy, airless recreations to unnerving effect. Ascher has yet to make a horror feature of his own, but he's well-versed in the language of horror filmmaking, using it to suggest what it might be like to understand The Shining in a way that no one else does or be locked into a waking nightmare or, with this project, be a child in the late-'70s confronted with a powerful commercial they can't quite understand. We spoke to Ascher about how he settled on this particular commercial and what scared him as a kid.
I'm sure you had many possible subjects to pull from. How did you settle on the TV commercial for Magic?
The short answer is it's a simple but completely horrifying TV commercial that is still being remembered thirty-plus years later. But it also was a great window into talking about some of the stranger aspects of ventriloquism and why it's sort of disturbing on the surface, but also how it connects to things that are getting more and more important today.
When did you realize that there's more to it than just this commercial to talk about?
That was always the idea with this project, that we would start with an old TV commercial or a character from a movie or an image on a record cover or something, and it would be the starting-off place for deeper conversations about things that get under our skin, or made us think about bigger topics. And ventriloquism is a biggie. There are all sorts of strange questions as people, especially these days, are projecting their voices through different characters. It kind of gives you freedom to say things that you might not say face-to-face.
You're roughly the same age as your interview subjects in this project. Do you find that it's harder to tap into those feelings when you're dealing with people who are of a different era? With someone who's younger or older, is it harder to kind of access those feelings?
Maybe we'll find out if we do a lot more of these, because as much as I enjoy the imagery from the '60s to the '80s, say, I'd love to do them about more recent ones that might not have occurred to me because I was too old to take them very seriously. I had done a short along these lines called “The S from Hell” years ago, and that's something that kinda seems like an artifact from the '70s, but then a high school student made one where he talked to his friends and they were talking about new logos of the 21st century.
Bruce Conner had a huge effect on me in film school, and he had recycled a lot of imagery, lots of it from the '50s and before. And I think, maybe because they were public domain, a lot of the films that Mystery Science Theater 3000 covered were '50s-era. And I remember reading an article, I think it was in Film Threat, kind of challenging people to stop using '50s-era monster movies and atom bombs in their collages, and to wrestle with the imagery that seems much … The contemporary imagery that seems that much less interesting to folks.
And then I came across an amazing montage this guy made of like '90s-era TV commercials and their music sort of created the story that these children playing with these toys and the commercials were kind of getting themselves up to this level of transcendence. And montages create that … Just seeing somebody do a cut-up with that new material was very exciting to me. Which I guess is kind of a very long, convoluted way of saying, I hope there's stuff that you can do with younger people telling the stories and talking about more and more contemporary triggers. Sure.
Interested in Harvey Weinstein?
Add Harvey Weinstein as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Harvey Weinstein news, video, and analysis from ABC News.
The 13 siblings who were rescued from their Perris home where their parents allegedly held them captive are enjoying their newfound freedom, their attorney said in an ABC News exclusive interview."I think the favorite new experience for them is moving into new bedrooms, where they have been able to pick out their own bedding, have closets with their clothes in them, be able to have a bathroom right handy that they can use, and probably most of all just to go outside," attorney Jack Osborn said.The oldest siblings were released from Corona Regional Medical Center on Thursday and are now sharing one home under state care. The younger six have been split up into two additional homes.The older siblings are experiencing many firsts -- like learning to cook and trying Mexican food. They're also caring for the family dogs."They are joyful, they are warm, they are considerate...I give them a lot of credit for helping each other, relying on each other. I think they've learned how to bring out the best in each other over the years," Osborn said.Their parents, David and Louise Turpin, remain behind bars on dozens of charges including torture and child endangerment.The attorney for the adult siblings says they've communicated with their younger brothers and sisters through Skype, and they all hope to have a reunion soon.
Getty Image
On June 4, 2014, Donald Trump, an occasional nuisance who you could mostly avoid (as long as you didn't watch NBC on Monday nights), tweeted, “Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?” He was, of course, referring to then-President Barack Obama, but nearly three years later, it's a question millions have asked about now-President Donald Trump. Especially after the week his administration has been having.
On Monday, Gen. Michael Flynn resigned as National Security Advisor after the Justice Department deemed him “potentially vulnerable to Russian blackmail” (something that Trump knew about for weeks). On Tuesday, Senior Advisor Stephen Miller's openly hostile past with minorities was discovered; Kellyanne Conway was grilled by Matt Lauer (Matt Lauer!) and retweeted a white nationalist; and, according to the “failing” New York Times, “phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald J. Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election.” On Wednesday… well, it's still early, but Twitter is already having a party.
The hashtag “#TrumpImpeachmentParty” has been trending since Tuesday night, and it shows no sign of stopping. There ain't no party like an impeachment party, 'cause an impeachment party don't stop… until someone gets impeached (which the Russian government is genuinely worried about).
LONDON (AP) — A Cambridge University professor at the heart of the Facebook privacy scandal says that the former CEO of data firm Cambridge Analytica lied to a British parliamentary committee investigating fake news.
Academic Aleksandr Kogan's company, Global Science Research, developed a Facebook app that vacuumed up information from users as well as additional data from their Facebook friends.
Ex-employees of Cambridge Analytica say the company used that data from millions of users to help Donald Trump's 2016 presidential election campaign. The company denies the charge.
Kogan told Parliament's media committee Tuesday that Cambridge Analytica's ex-CEO, Alexander Nix, lied in his testimony on their work together.
When asked by committee chair Damian Collins about Nix's testimony that none of his data came from Global Science Research, Kogan said, "That's a fabrication."
A nursing and care home near Sleaford has been praised by the Government's watchdog for the sector.
St Andrew's Nursing and Care Home, in Main Street, Ewerby, has been rated as ‘good' overall by the Care Quality Commission (CQC) following an inspection in April.
It follows an overall rating of ‘requires improvement' in February last year.
This latest inspection also saw the home judged as ‘good' in all sub-categories (safe, effective, caring, responsive, and well-led).
The report that has followed the inspection includes such praise for the home as: “Staff were caring, they knew people well, and they supported people in a dignified and respectful way.”
Manager Stella Woods said: “We work really hard to make sure the residents get the best possible care and it's nice to see it recognised.”
Care and operations director Martyn Heginbotham at Jasmine Healthcare, which runs the home, said: “St Andrews is a great home and to see it recognised by the Care Quality Commission is testament to the leadership and the team within the home.”
LONDON (AP) — Britain's Supreme Court has ruled against protesters who were arrested and searched by police when Prince William married Kate Middleton more than five years ago.
The country's highest court Wednesday upheld lower court rulings that the Metropolitan Police had acted lawfully when they took some protesters into custody.
The protesters had argued that police violated their human rights and took steps to suppress "anti-monarchist sentiment."
The court found that detaining people for up to five-and-a-half hours had been reasonable in order to prevent possible breaches of the peace.
It said police could be "severely hampered if they were not able to detain somebody for a short period of time."
The case was brought by 20 individuals who were among many arrested the day of the royal wedding in April 2011.
DENVER – A federal jury in Denver is now deciding whether a former Denver radio DJ groped Taylor Swift at a photo-shoot before a June 2013 concert, and whether Swift's mother and manager influenced the decision by the DJ's company to fire him because of the allegations.
Jury deliberations got underway around 1 p.m. Monday on the sixth day of the trial, and came after closing arguments from Swift's attorney, Doug Baldridge, and DJ David Mueller's attorney, Gabe McFarland. They also came after a conference in which the attorneys and judge decided on the jury instructions.
Read the jury instructions in the case here.
Click here to read the verdict form.
The closing arguments from each side mirrored what they each pushed for during the four days of witness testimony and cross-examination. Taylor Swift rolled her eyes at much of Mueller's attorney's statements, and also cried on several occasions as both attorneys recounted the alleged incident.
Mueller's attorney says Swift lied about alleged grope
McFarland was the first to go, and laid out his reasoning why David Mueller did not grab Swift's rear end on June 2, 2013, and why Andrea Swift and Frank Bell allegedly got Mueller fired from the Denver radio station, KYGO.
“I don't know what kind of person grabs a woman…but it's not that guy,” McFarland said, pointing to Mueller. “It's not the guy who files a lawsuit and…fights to clear his name for two years, and it's not a guy who grabs or gropes a superstar apparently out of the blue.”
He brought up the notorious photo of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's girlfriend, Shannon Melcher, and told the jury there was “no way” Mueller's hand was under Swift's skirt—contending that her skirt isn't ruffled in the photo and that Mueller's hand wasn't “low enough” to be under her skirt.
“Look at Ms. Swift's face and ask yourself, ‘Is that the face of someone who just had a strange man grab their butt? Is that the face of someone who is in shock at what just happened, who's upset?'” McFarland told the jury. “That's the face of someone taking a photograph…participating in a meet-and greet. There's nothing to suggest in Ms. Swift's face that anything inappropriate has happened. . . . I would submit it's not plausible that someone, even who's taken as many photos as Ms. Swift, can avoid that shock when something like this happens…it just doesn't make sense.”
He went on to call Stephanie Simbeck, who took the photo, the “least credible witness” at the trial, saying her testimony made “no sense whatsoever” and that thus, the Swift team's story doesn't add up. He said that Simbeck was only making her testimony because she still works for Swift and that she “wants to keep that job.”
McFarland called Melcher the “most-credible witness.”
“Nobody saw what Ms. Swift said happened because it didn't happen,” McFarland argued.
McFarland also argued that Mueller never changed his story, as multiple witnesses have alleged, and that Mueller “didn't do it for money,” referring to the filing of the lawsuit, because he wouldn't want to jeopardize his “dream job” at KYGO.
“Why would Ms. Swift lie? I don't know,” McFarland said. “I'm sure she thinks it's true, but the photograph shows otherwise.”
And he maintained that Andrea Swift and Bell directly influenced KYGO general manager Bob Call to fire Mueller over the allegations when Bell told Call he expected KYGO to “take action” and “do the right thing.”
“All of those terms are code for, ‘We want you to fire this guy.' There's no other way to read that,” McFarland said.
Swift's attorney: Case is of ‘immeasurable value'
But Swift's attorney, Doug Baldridge, flipped McFarland's claims on their head immediately, and laid out the case as a sexual assault instance that many women have dealt with.
“Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims is what the question is,” Baldridge said. “Will they be allowed to shame them, humiliate them, assault them? And to use the words of Andrea Swift, I don't know whether to vomit or cry.”
“Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to realize a payday for their conduct…just because they know they can walk away with it…because the victims will pay?” he continued.
Baldridge argued there's no “facts, incentive, or reason whatsoever” to believe that Swift “made up this story” that Mueller grabbed her.
He said, based on Mueller's testimony, that Mueller admitted that KYGO had a right to investigate and fire an employee who was accused of sexual assault if it were founded on evidence.
“Gone. Case was over when he did that,” Baldridge said.
And he said that his case and witness testimony has been “written in granite” since the incident occurred.
“Everything is consistent—whether it's the reaction of her face, the movement of the skirt, the pulling away in the photo—people told you what they saw, and it was all consistent,” Baldridge said. “The overriding question is: is the victimization going to stop here or is it going to go on?”
He continued to frame the case for the jury as one involving the alleged assault of a woman.
“Women who are attacked, women who are mistreated, generally don't want people to know,” Baldridge said. “Women who are reported on worldwide definitely don't want people to know.”
And in a somewhat-mocking moment of McFarland, Baldridge pulled up a “photo lineup” he'd made of the photo with Swift and Mueller, alongside 18 other photos from that day. McFarland made it a point during his questioning of Swift's bodyguard, Greg Dent, that no “photo lineup” was done like they are in police lineups.
“Here we have it. We have all the photos. Aha!” Baldridge said sarcastically when he pulled up the photo.
“Clearly Taylor Swift had no idea that this guy, the guy with the smile—boy, she must have confused Mr. Mueller with one of these little girls or boys. It's an insult,” Baldridge said. “I think it's crystal clear there's not a chance she misidentified this man in the line.”
To try and reiterate his point that the jury should not find that Andrea Swift and Bell influenced Mueller's firing, he said that Swift noted they had decided as a group to inform Call of the alleged incident.
He said the decision to fire Mueller was solely Call's, Haskell's and KYGO's.
“They decided what they saw, and they decided what to do,” Baldridge said.
Baldridge said “it's ridiculous” to claim that nothing is happening in the photo, and noted that Swift said the photo captured “a moment in the process” of Mueller grabbing her rear end.
“Everyone is clear that they saw something weird there,” Baldridge said, including Mueller.
“That is a s(***)-eating grin,” he said of Mueller's smile in the photo.
To sum up his statements, Baldridge made a final plea to the jury that the case makes a difference for women everywhere.
“The single dollar I ask you to award her…is of immeasurable value. It means no. and it tells every woman that they will determine was is tolerated with their body,” he said. “The guy did it. Don't be fooled. Don't be snookered. It's time to stop the victimization of victims in this courtroom and in this country.”
Jury deliberations underway
Now that the case is with the jury, they will have to decide on the one claim Mueller still has against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell, and the two claims—assault and battery—that Taylor Swift still has going forward in her counterclaim against Mueller.
The jury will have to reach a unanimous verdict, as the case is a federal civil trial, and all answers to the following jury questions will have to be answered “based on a preponderance of evidence”:
Did Frank Bell or Andrea Swift intentionally interfere with David Mueller's contract with Lincoln Financial (KYGO)? If so for either, what amount is Mueller entitled to receive in damages?
Do you find David Mueller assaulted Taylor Swift? Yes or no?
Do you find David Mueller battered Taylor Swift? Yes or no.
If yes on either of those last two questions, do you award her $1 in nominal damages? Yes or no?
There are several possible outcomes here.
First, the jury could find that Andrea Swift and Bell interfered with Mueller's employment contract, and could award him a maximum payout of more than $200,000 (which is based off the remainder of his employment contract salary and endorsements, minus what has already been paid out by KYGO).
But they could also find—even if Swift and Bell interfered—that Mueller only deserves “nominal damages” of $1.
The jury could also decide in Swift and Bell's favor on that claim.
Should the jury find that Mueller assaulted or battered Swift, she would only be rewarded $1 in nominal damages.
The jury is staying in their deliberation room until they have a verdict. If jurors don't have one by 5 p.m. Monday, they will be sent home for the day and ordered back at 8:30 a.m. Tuesday, when they will be sent to deliberate further.
The parties and their attorneys have in the meantime been asked not to be more than 15 minutes away from the courthouse while deliberations are ongoing should the court have to reconvene if the jury has a question or a verdict.
CHICAGO (AP) — The Laver Cup was a hit last year, and now Roger Federer is hoping it proves popular on U.S. soil.
The 20-time Grand Slam champion made his first-ever visit to Chicago on Monday to promote the second Laver Cup, a team competition that debuted last year in Prague.
Federer, shaking off a three-set loss to Juan Martin del Potro on Sunday in the final at Indian Wells that ended his 17-match winning streak, was joined by tennis legends Rod Laver and John McEnroe, along with young Australian star Nick Kyrgios.
Federer's management team was instrumental in launching the Laver Cup, which pits Team Europe against Team World. After its third year, he said he'll entertain possible changes to the format.
"Down the road I'm totally open to anything," Federer said. "I've heard already from women players. They would love to do it as well."
Four of the six players on each team are chosen on rankings after Wimbledon. The other two are captain's picks, and captain McEnroe didn't wait Monday — he announced the talented Kyrgios was already on the World Team.
Kyrgios lost a tight final singles match to Federer in Prague last season, which clinched the cup for Team Europe.
What impact the Laver Cup has on the future of Davis Cup, the long-standing competition between nations, is still debatable. But there is a proposal from the International Tennis Federation to play the top level of Davis Cup in a single-week, 18-nation format. It must be approved by a vote of the membership.
"It just takes so much out of the players to be available four weekends during the year every single year," Federer said. "I played a lot of Davis Cup when I was younger and happy I did. I was happy it existed, but eventually it was just too much."
Federer added: "I do believe that the Laver Cup has sparked some change, some inspiration to other cups that maybe we'll see in tennis. But that's a good thing. We'll take that as a sign of flattery."
McEnroe, once a staple for the U.S. Davis Cup team, said changes in that competition are overdue and certainly the success of the Laver Cup has not gone unnoticed.
"For me, I say, 'When's the last time anyone's asked me about how many Davis Cup teams I was part of winning?'" McEnroe said.
"In the last 10 years, how many people have asked me that? You know how many people? None. Which is sad, 'cause I played a lot of Davis Cup and I loved it."
The 2018 Laver Cup will be played Sept. 21-23 at United Center before returning to Europe the following year.
KARACHI, Pakistan (AP) — A Pakistani court has convicted two Chinese nationals for tampering with an ATM machine, sentencing each of them to a year in prison and a fine of around $400.
Akbar Khan, a cybercrimes investigator, said Monday that Zhong Xiaming and Zhong Xianquan were arrested a year ago while attaching a skimming device to an ATM in Karachi. The devices are placed over ATM slots and scan the magnetic strips of cards when customers insert them. They are often used in conjunction with hidden cameras that can film PIN numbers.
Khan says cybercrimes investigators have arrested another six Chinese nationals in recent months who are alleged to have used skimming devices. Similar incidents were reported in other Pakistani cities.
PASADENA, Calif. (AP) — The new series "Girlfriends" features a rare trio of starring characters: women aged 50-plus.
The British series, debuting this week on the Acorn TV streaming service, stars Phyllis Logan, Miranda Richardson and Zoe Wanamaker.
They're longtime friends facing mid-life crises, including a husband's suspicious death and a wayward son out of jail and back home.
There are younger male and female characters in "Girlfriends," including Matthew Lewis, who played Neville Longbottom in the "Harry Potter" movie franchise.
But the show belongs to its three stars, including Logan, who was the admirable housekeeper Mrs. Hughes in "Downton Abbey."
Colorado City's Lone Wolf Creek Campout is giving people a opportunity to enjoy the great outdoors Saturday, even if they haven't had a lot of experience with camping in the past.
Ruddick Park is setting up for people to come out and participate in a number of activities, ranging from archery to blacksmithing. The event is a part of a program to help get residents who may not be familiar or have much experience with camping an insight to a past time that may seem foreign to them otherwise.
“We put on the campout at the Comanche Trail Park last August and had almost 70 campers,” said Kent Ivey who helped organize the events. “Its sort of outreach program to get people camping who haven't camped before, people who don't have the gear or experience.”
The campout in Big Spring's Comanche Trail Park is the first of what Ivey hopes will be a continuing program. He also plans to hold similar events in Snyder and again in Big Spring this summer.
In addition to learning basic camping skills, people will be able to attend the event and learn fishing techniques from some experienced fisherman.
They will also have the chance to participate in and learn activities like archery, atlatl spear throwing, kayaking, and even blacksmithing.
Texas Parks and Wildlife will also be involved in the event and they will be providing camping gear for people who don't have any gear of their own.
Anyone who is planning on camping out will need to bring their own food, however there will be plenty of people on site to help teach you how to cook around the fire. If your interested in kayaking, or plan on camping out and may need some gear you will need to contact the Lake Colorado City State Park ahead of time at 325-728-3931.
The event is free and open to the public and everyone is encouraged to come out and participate in some of the activities.
Kendrick Lamar's victory lap continues. The rapper closed the first weekend of the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival Sunday night — like most Coachella performers, he'll return at the same time next weekend — with a set that blew through social media thanks to live-streaming and widespread interest in his new material. Lamar's intensely anticipated new album, DAMN., came out Friday (stream it here), and live debuts of its songs highlighted and bookended his sprawling, career-spanning, 19-song set list.
As they are with DAMN. itself, fans are still digesting Sunday's performance, pieces of which are scattered across the Internet via YouTube footage. Given the setting, high-profile guests (including ScHoolboy Q, Future and Travis Scott) were a given, but fans were also treated to high-wire acrobatics and an appearance by the "Kung Fu Kenny" alter ego who pops up throughout DAMN. Reviews of his set have been effusive, while footage of Lana Del Rey enjoying the set went momentarily viral overnight.
In other first-weekend news, Lorde premiered a new song called "Homemade Dynamite" and briefly covered Kanye West's "Runaway." Someone (definitely not Lorde) was arrested for allegedly stealing more than 100 cell phones. Drake accused a country club of racial profiling on Instagram before deleting the post.
So what will next weekend's Coachella bring, besides most of the same performers and hopefully not quite so much pick-pocketing? Stay tuned.
Marvel Studios President Kevin Feige talks about his job like a fan who's just lucky to be there.
To hear his genuine enthusiasm about the movies, the actors, the audience and the stories almost belies the fact that he is essentially the architect of and driving force behind Hollywood's most valuable brand that has in just over 10 years netted over $14.8 billion in worldwide grosses (according to comScore) and become the envy of every studio executive in town.
He's a mogul with a fanboy's verve who has helped to change the very fabric of the entertainment industry.
Ten years ago, many moviegoers didn't know who Iron Man was, and those who did think of him as a minor comic book character. On Thursday, Marvel Studios' 19th film, "Avengers: Infinity War," an epic mashup of characters once considered to be part of the "superhero B-list," from Iron Man to Star Lord, opens in theaters worldwide. It is cruising for a record-breaking debut that could surpass "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" as the biggest opening ever.
The scope of the Marvel effect is somewhat difficult to pin down, especially with a force as formidable as The Walt Disney Co. behind it. (Disney acquired Marvel Entertainment for $4 billion in 2009.)
It's revitalized careers (Robert Downey Jr.), minted movie stars (Chris Hemsworth, Chris Evans and Chris Pratt, to name a few), and become an outpost for Oscar-winners too (like Robert Redford, Gwyneth Paltrow, Anthony Hopkins, Natalie Portman, Jeff Bridges, Michael Douglas and Cate Blanchett).
And beyond that, every few months the studio seems to be breaking new ground, whether it's as small as a change in tone, like "Thor: Ragnarok," or as big as producing a downright cultural phenomenon, such as "Black Panther," now the third highest-grossing domestic film of all time.
"We dream big at Marvel Studios. We have very lofty aspirations at Marvel Studios. For those dreams to be surpassed is saying something," Feige, 44, said of "Black Panther's" success.
And it shows no sign of slowing down, or running out of story. They have 70 years of comic book source material to draw on, after all.
"There are still things that are key elements to a lot of our characters in their comic incarnations that we haven't even done yet for characters who have had three or four movies," Feige said. "It is an amazing wealth of creative material to pull from."
Feige is amused when reporters try to predict Marvel's next move, or make big conclusions based on what's just happened. Under Feige, Marvel is not looking in the rear-view mirror.
When "Thor: Ragnarok" came out, he remembers reading articles declaring that, "Marvel is committing to a surrealist, silly tone" and just laughed.
"I thought, 'We have 'Black Panther' coming out in three months! They don't even know what's coming,'" Feige said. "We're always thinking ahead. Just when people think they can pin us down, we go somewhere else and that's going to happen again after 'Infinity War' in the build-up to the next Avengers film. And we had meetings earlier today about 2024 and 2025."
Misunderstanding Feige's vision is almost a tradition at this point, going back to Comic-Con in 2006 where he revealed his plans for the first few films —Iron Man, Ant-Man and The Incredible Hulk — and all anyone wrote about is how Marvel Studios didn't have the rights to Spider-Man (Sony does), the X-Men or the Fantastic Four (those reside at 20th Century Fox).
Now, few would argue that Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Black Panther, the Guardians of the Galaxy and even Doctor Strange and Ant-Man aren't veritable A-listers on their own, and even more powerful together, making up what is perhaps Marvel's greatest innovation — the Marvel Cinematic Universe. This idea of an interconnected, ever-expanding "universe" of characters and films is something that many have since tried to copy to varying degrees of success. It seems audiences don't begrudge Marvel for creating the concept, but are somewhat more skeptical of those trying to capitalize on it.
"(Marvel's) approach doesn't seem nearly as cynical as when you see another studio trying to do it with, say, Ghostbusters or DC," said Wall Street Journal reporter Ben Fritz, who delves into Marvel's history in the book "The Big Picture: The Fight for the Future of Movies." ''People are like, 'Oh I know what you're doing, you're trying to copy Marvel.' But Marvel did it first and Marvel has still done it best."
"Sequel fatigue" doesn't even seem to apply to Marvel films anymore.
"I think you can look at Marvel as a grand narrative experiment," said 'Infinity War' co-director Joe Russo. "Never before in films have we seen this many franchises combined over this many years into one giant mosaic. Two-hour, two-dimensional storytelling has dominated American culture for 100 years and now we're consuming content with such extreme speed that we need new forms of storytelling. I think what Marvel is doing is a new form of storytelling."
"Infinity War" co-screenwriter Stephen McFeely, who also co-wrote the three Captain America films, said Feige should get the film academy's Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award for his impact on the industry.
"He's clearly changed the way Hollywood works, or at least the top box office end of it," McFeely said. "It's in part because Kevin has a really good mind for story — he's ambitious — but he's not so ambitious that he's not going to do the right thing for the movie in front of his face."
While navel-gazing isn't Feige's favorite activity, the 10-year anniversary of "Iron Man" hitting theaters has provided an excuse to reflect a bit. He still remembers the early days, when they had everything to prove and felt grateful for the chance to produce films on their own. While the grand plans and concurrent filmmaking have gotten more complex over the years and "the days have gotten longer," Feige said the fundamental processes for how they make films goes back to the beginning.
"It was in the cutting rooms of 'Iron Man 1' that in a lot of ways the Marvel Studios process was born — of just keep trying things and keep turning things over and don't rest on your laurels and just because something is working doesn't mean it can't work better," Feige said.
Audiences won't have to wait too long for another Avengers, either. The fourth Avengers film, also directed by Joe and Anthony Russo and written by McFeely and Christopher Markus is just around the corner, set for a May 2019 release. It's a continuation of the story that begins in "Infinity War," where a still-fractured Avengers face Thanos (Josh Brolin). Little is being revealed beyond that. The film premiered Monday night in Los Angeles and is said to be full of surprises.
"We make movies we believe in. We make movies that we think will be entertaining to ourselves and think about ourselves as the first audience members for any movie we make. Any idea that comes up in a room: Would we be entertained by this? Would we be moved by this? Would we be surprised by this?" Feige said.
"It goes back to the movies I loved growing up. I always loved sequels. I never found myself being cynical or dismissive of sequels. If they were bad, I was disappointed. But I always loved the promise of seeing the further storylines or further adventures of characters I'd grown to love. That's all we're doing."
———
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ldbahr
Unlimited data plans, like the one announced this week by Verizon, are mostly irrelevant to large businesses that negotiate lower prices with carriers for large pools of data, voice and text for hundreds of workers.
But smaller businesses -- say, those with fewer than 50 workers -- could benefit from an unlimited plan, especially if they don't have an assigned telecom manager who manages wireless contracts.
"Smaller organizations that don't have the staff or capacity to manage their mobility budgets could benefit" from an unlimited plan, said Michael Nziolek, vice president of strategic consulting at Tangoe, a telecom expense management consultancy.
But there's a caveat: Unlimited plans can lead a company to overspend, he said. Buying an unlimited plan for a higher price might be unnecessary compared to a lower price, for example, 4GB of data per month per employee -- especially when 4GB is all a particular employee really needs.
"Unlimited is over-buying in most cases," Nziolek said, based on Tangoe's consulting work with many companies, including large firms and many mid-sized companies with fewer than 500 employees. "With unlimited, you're often paying paying more than you should."
Roger Entner, an analyst at Recon Analytics, agreed.
"Americans really like unlimited plans and are typically overbuying when going for it," Entner said. "Overbuying means that based on their usage pattern, they could have purchased a metered plan for less money that comfortably fits their needs. But they would rather have unlimited to be safe. Just like everything else in life, a large majority of Americans think they are above average."
In the case of the new Verizon Unlimited plan, a single customer pays $80 a month for unlimited data, talk and text, HD video streaming and mobile hotspot. That price goes down in steps to $45 per month for four lines.
A Verizon spokeswoman said via email that the new plan is available to small businesses with up to 50 workers.
Verizon said its heaviest users of the unlimited plan -- those who exceed 22GB of data in a month -- will be forced to wait behind other customers in the event of network congestion.
Nziolek said at $45 a month per line, Verizon's unlimited plan sounds attractive -- until a customer includes the cost of buying a new phone that is required in the plan. For an iPhone 7 in the plan, that device cost is $650, or $27 a month.
The Verizon Unlimited service cost of $45 plus the device cost of $27 equals a total monthly total of $72.
"That's not terribly compelling," Nziolke said. By comparison, large companies can negotiate pricing that is less than 40% or better of that Verizon Unlimited monthly cost, made possible because of the large contracts those customers sign, he said.
"If my company were small and didn't have the staff to manage wireless accounts, a $45 monthly unlimited plan that included a device subsidy would be eye-opening, but at $72 for a device and monthly access, that's not really a compelling price for a company," Nziolke said.
Large enterprise customers typically work with either AT&T or Verizon in the U.S. for wireless service contracts that cover hundreds or even thousands of employees. AT&T said its unlimited plan is currently unavailable to business customers and is now for consumers on wireless plans who also have a DirecTV or U-verse subscription.
Sprint provides unlimited data plans for small businesses, while T-Mobile said all business customers will have access to unlimited data and other new features as of this Friday. However, both carriers are far smaller than AT&T and Verizon in the wireless market for business.
T-Mobile has spurred interest in unlimited data plans and forced other carriers to follow suit, but it has not won as many business customers as it could have, he added. That's because businesses that Nziolek have consulted with have voiced concerns about T-Mobile's network coverage outside of the big cities where the carrier's networks are strongest.
"T-Mobile has been very aggressive on prices and strong in metro centers, but has fragmented coverage outside the metros," he said. "If you have a sales force that has to travel point to point, we've had customers who have seen their traveling sales teams struggle."
Nziolek said he's confident that Verizon can handle the burden of unlimited customers sapping network capacity with HD video viewing and other heavy data uses. "Verizon's network won't bog down," he said. "If Verizon experiences any congestion problems, they will adjust the device threshold of that 22GB throttle."
Eventually, Nziolek said he believes smartphones will become far more expensive and users will upgrade them more frequently than now. That trend, in turn, will cause Verizon and other carriers to drop completely out of offering device subsidies for enterprises -- leaving business customers to help employees buy their phones on their own entirely or join with customer smartphone buying consortiums for better deals.
"When the day comes that a company can't get a device subsidy, then the $45 monthly unlimited plan could be more compelling," he said.
SAN FRANCISCO (KRON/AP)– At least one person is dead and multiple people are injured after a shooting at a UPS Center in San Francisco Wednesday morning.
A UPS spokesman says four people were injured in a shooting at a package delivery facility in San Francisco and that the shooter was an employee.
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut said Wednesday that he believed the shooter “turned the gun on himself” but did not have additional information. He said the four victims were taken to a hospital but didn't know their conditions.
The shooting happened at around 9:00 a.m. near a large UPS customer service center.
Witnesses say they heard several shots and saw people running out the UPS building.
No officers were injured in the shooting.
Police are advising the public to avoid the area. Officers are doing a search of the area.
They are asking people in the area to shelter in place until further notice.
San Francisco police have confirmed the shooting, but didn't release other information.
Uniformed UPS employees are being led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Potrero Hill, which is about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco.
___
Statement from UPS: UPS confirms there was an incident involving employees within the company's facility in San Francisco earlier this morning. Local law enforcement have control of the facility and are conducting an investigation. The company is cooperating with law enforcement. We cannot provide information as to the identity of persons involved at this time, pending the police investigation.
Breaking news-shots fired in San Francisco. Huge crime scene. Sources tell me at least one dead @kron4news pic.twitter.com/tOkGRoAqQl — Will Tran (@KRON4WTran) June 14, 2017
Evacuated #UPS workers wait outside building on 16th and Utah. #SFPD officer warns me scene still not secure @kron4news pic.twitter.com/n0FtcIFbqM — Philippe Djegal (@pdjegal) June 14, 2017
The #SFPD appears to be expanding perimeter in Shooting investigation. 15th closed at San Bruno. @kron4news pic.twitter.com/mnRWEq6DfB — Philippe Djegal (@pdjegal) June 14, 2017
09:49 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Israel downgrades ties with Senegal, New Zealand Read more
Israel reportedly downgrades ties with New Zealand, Senegal over UN anti-settlement resolution ► ◄ Last Briefs
Sleaford Town bounced back from defeat with a big derby win against Boston Town in a bank holiday double-header.
Town let a lead slip at Wisbech Town on Good Friday as they went down 3-1 to the top six clubs in their final away game of the season.
But there were no signs of any hangover from that defeat on Monday as a Joe Braithwaite free-kick and fine Tom Siddons finish gave the home side a 2-0 half-time lead.
Revell pulled one back as the visitors started the second half strongly, but goals from Joe Smith, Ryan Rushen and Charlie Ward earned Town the points.
The win lifted Town up to 15th in the United Counties League Premier and within two points of 13th-placed Cogenhoe.
Paul Ward's final game in charge of Town is on Saturday, April 29 when Oadby Town visit Eslaforde Park.
* Sleaford Town Reserves ended a disappointing campaign on a low note with a 5-0 home defeat to Horncastle Town.
Luke Blondel hit a second-half hat-trick as Horncastle secured a fifth-placed finish.
Goalshy Sleaford Sports Amateurs failed to find the net as they faced two Lincolnshire League outings in four days.
Amateurs were outgunned 3-0 on Wednesday evening as they welcomed on-form Wyberton to Eslaforde park.
They went into the game on a run of four wins from five, but were undone by goals from Grant Butler and a double from Craig Parker.
But they did earn a point on Saturday as they played a goalless draw at home to Immingham Town.
The results keep them in eighth, but they could still finish the season in seventh with a win in their final two games.
They host Lincoln Moorlands on Saturday (kick-off 3pm) and then travel to CGB Humbertherm the following Saturday.
Kelly Hill with Blood Assurance tells us how we can help save a life this holiday season with something that only takes a couple of minutes, blood donations.
for more please visit their website.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Nathan Eovaldi pitched six innings of no-hit ball in his return to the majors following a second Tommy John surgery, leading the Tampa Bay Rays to a 6-0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday night.
Eovaldi (1-0) faced one over the minimum through six innings in his Tampa Bay debut. He threw 70 pitches and had four strikeouts. The only runner to reach base against him was Matt Chapman, who drew a one-out walk in the first.
Wilmer Font, acquired by the Rays from the A's last Friday, gave up Jed Lowrie's one-out single in the seventh for Oakland's only hit of the game. Vidal Nuno got the last three outs to finish the one-hitter.
Rob Refsnyder hit a three-run home run off A's starter Sean Manaea (5-6), and Johnny Field also homered for the Rays.
The game drew an announced crowd of 6,295, the smallest at the Coliseum since April 3, 2003.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, he underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when he was a junior in high school.
The 28-year-old missed the first month of this season after undergoing surgery March 30 to remove loose bodies in his elbow. Eovaldi made four rehab starts in the minors before being activated off the disabled list prior to Wednesday's game.
Eovaldi, the 12th pitcher in major league history to start in the majors after having two Tommy John surgeries, induced seven groundouts and retired the final 17 batters he faced following the walk to Chapman.
Font then came in and retired Matt Chapman on a liner to shortstop in the seventh before Lowrie pushed a single up the middle.
Nuno replaced Font in the ninth and gave up a leadoff walk to Chad Pinder then retired the next three batters.
That was all the offense the A's could muster while being shut out by the Rays for the second time in three games.
Oakland went into the game batting .216 in May, the second-lowest average in the majors.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Athletics: INF Marcus Semien was placed on the paternity leave list before the game. Chad Pinder started at shortstop in Semien's absence. RHP Josh Lucas was called up from Triple-A Nashville. ... RHP Liam Hendriks began a rehab assignment with Triple-A Nashville.
UP NEXT
Tampa Bay RHP Ryne Stanek (1-0, 3.24 ERA) will make his second career start, three days after getting a win coming out of the bullpen. RHP Daniel Mengden (5-4, 2.85) goes for Oakland.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) — Zoo Knoxville welcomed two new animals.
The zoo celebrated the hatching for two female Bali mynahs. The birds were hatched to the parents Zane and Kadek. The species is critically endangered.
The species has been driven to near-extinction due to unsustainable and illegal trapping to meet the demand of the pet trade, according to the zoo. There are only less than 100 Bali mynahs left in their native range in Indonesia.
“We are focusing on species that need our help to make a difference for the future of those populations,” said Michael Ogle, curator of ornithology and herpetology at Zoo Knoxville. “Every chick counts when you have a population as vulnerable as the Bali mynah and the two hatched here in Knoxville are part of a bigger safety net that accredited zoos are working to maintain.”
PHOTOS: Zoo Knoxville welcomes hatching of 2 Bali mynahs View as listOpen Gallery 1 of 9 Two Bali mynah chicks hatched at Zoo Knoxville in late September. The critically endangered bird is part of the Species Survival Plan. Copyright WATE 2017. All rights reserved.
Transcript for Sept. 15, 1996: Remembering Tupac Shakur
Who we are. But Bob. To park Circor was mourned today at the Brooklyn church he attended as a boy. Mourned by those who see him as a victim and a society where murder is the leading cause of death for young black men this a wake-up. Call this opportunity to kind of check ourselves as a community and understand violence. And a lifestyle that isn't as responsible as could be could lead to this kind of thing. I think it. All of that court lived what he called the fog lights surviving another shooting three years ago arrested frequently. If convicted of sexual abuse and assault. His gangster rap lyrics exploded with the rage and rough life lived on the edge. We knew we miss them but Bob they don't love it was just on the like that is. Unfortunately in the hood that's where a lot of laws in their lives and and his alleged that same way. But critics say he dangerously glorified violence and profanity that makes it very high. Com the kind of message that is being cents. So young children like this and younger who can you know fulfills lyrics from start to menace but may not know they ain't easy. Check horrors murder had all the markings of a gang style hit. But police so far stymied in part because they've received almost no help from members associates who may have witnessed the killing police now fear retaliation. And worry the crime may never be solved. This mural on Manhattan's lower east side reflects the feeling of the many who do not we Porsche core. People who believe he was just another violent rapper who died the way he lived proving tragically that violence will only lead to more violence. Antonio Mora ABC news New York.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
ST. LOUIS (AP) — The Latest on a fatal drive-by shooting in St. Louis (all times local):
2:35 p.m.
Police say a 40-year-old St. Louis man has been fatally shot in a drive-by shooting that also injured five other people.
St. Louis police on Wednesday identified the man who died as Stanley Sparkling. Police said he was unconscious, not breathing and suffering from a gunshot wound to the head when they arrived in a neighborhood on the city's north side to investigate.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that Sparkling was sitting on a porch. He lived on the same block.
Police said someone in a sport utility vehicle began shooting about 5:30 p.m.
They said two men were critically wounded as they sat in a car and two women sustained graze wounds. All are listed in stable condition. Police said a third woman refused medical treatment for unspecified injuries.
___
11:49 p.m. Tuesday.
Police say a man has been killed and five other people injured in a drive-by shooting in St. Louis.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that someone in a sport utility vehicle began shooting about 5:30 p.m. Tuesday in a neighborhood on the city's north side. A man sitting on a porch was fatally wounded. Police did not immediately identify him.
Two other men were critically wounded as they sat inside a car.
Three women were also hurt. One was listed in stable condition and the other two sustained graze wounds.
The SUV drove off after the shooting. No arrests have been reported.
___
Information from: St. Louis Post-Dispatch, http://www.stltoday.com
Aqua-Run is a unique 10K relay race. A team of five individuals each race a 2k leg with a hydration pack on their back for a total of 10K. Although the hydration pack is light and can barely be felt, It's mean to raise awareness regarding the challenges women in developing countries face transporting water. There is also a 2K walk for those who want to participate. We'll find out more about how you can get involved from Buey Tut.
Aqua-Africa
ALBANY, N.Y. (CBSNewYork/AP) — New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo has blocked New York City Council's fee on non-reusable shopping bags just hours before it was supposed to take effect.
Cuomo on Tuesday approved a measure forbidding the city from placing any fees on disposable shopping bags until at least next year. The state Assembly and Senate both voted to block the 5-cent fee last week.
Cuomo called the fee “deeply flawed” because it would allow store owners to keep the profit.
“Most objectionable is that the law was drafted so that merchants keep the five cent fee as profit, instead of the money being used to solve the problem of plastic bags' environmental impact – essentially amounting to a $100 million per year windfall to merchants,” the governor said in a statement.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio had championed the bag fee as a way to reduce litter and protect the environment.
Critics say overruling the city is an example of government overreach.
“As a proud supporter of the city's Bring Your Own Bag Law and a city government veteran, I have to say: I've seen too many good ideas killed in Albany. I'm disappointed by this latest attack on the city's home rule authority and the governor's decision not to veto it,” Manhattan Borough President Gale Brewer said in a statement. “That said, I'm encouraged that Gov. Cuomo is committing to take on this issue statewide.”
Cuomo announced a task force to address the environmental impact of plastic bags by the end of the year.
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Dell Virtustream is the newest addition to the Australian Signals Directorate's Certified Cloud Services List (CCSL).
Dell Virtustream Cloud has been certified for use with unclassified but sensitive government data, making it the eleventh service provider to be added to the ASD-maintained list.
Virtustream is owned by Dell Technologies, thanks to its 2015 acquisition by EMC.
The CCSL was launched in April 2015 with the aim of making it easier for government agencies to adopt cloud services. Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft were the first companies to be listed. Australian companies Macquarie Telecom, Vault Systems and Sliced Tech were added later that year.
In addition, IBM, Salesforce, ServiceNow, Dimension Data, and Education Services Australia have cloud offerings on the list.
Vault Systems and Sliced Tech were the first companies on the list to be certified for use with classified government data, followed by Macquarie Government. Microsoft and Dimension Data also offer services that have had their IRAP certifications for use with classified data accepted by the ASD.
AWS announced in March that it had successfully undergone an IRAP assessment of its Sydney region for the processing of government data classified at the Protected level. The ASD has yet to formally list AWS as suitable for use with classified data.
In February the government released its Secure Cloud Strategy, which is intended to boost the use of public cloud services by agencies.
The strategy states that agencies “should consider public cloud first and in preference to any other cloud deployment model” although they need to ensure that any service “has the appropriate security implementation for the information being handled.”
However, it noted that there were problems with the ASD's capacity to undertake certification of cloud services and recommended a model whereby government entities could lean on the IRAP assessments of other agencies.
NEW YORK (AP) — Oscar Gamble, an outfielder who hit 200 home runs over 17 major league seasons, has died of a rare tumor of the jaw. He was 68.
Gamble, recognizable during his playing days for an Afro that spilled out of his helmet, died Wednesday at UAB Hospital in Birmingham, Alabama, according to his second wife, Lovell Woods Gamble.
She said he was diagnosed with a benign tumor of the jaw, ameloblastoma, about nine years ago. It became ameloblastic carcinoma in 2016 and he had the first of several operations that August. He entered the hospital on Jan. 22. She said he never chewed tobacco.
Gamble spent seven seasons with the New York Yankees in two stints, playing for AL pennant winners in 1976 and 1981. He lived in Montgomery.
___
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
PHILADELPHIA -- Joel Embiid opened his first set of back-to-back games since he was drafted third overall in 2014 on Friday night, against the backdrop of Philly's Super Bowl bash.?
And after Philadelphia's game in Indiana on Saturday, he and a few of his teammates are joining Eagles nation in Minneapolis for the Super Bowl.
"I've heard that's the biggest event in American sports," said Embiid, a native of Cameroon.
"I want to feel that experience," Embiid said. "I want to mix it up. Go in the suite. Then sit in the stands. I want to feel like a regular person to do that."
In Embiid's first career game of a back-to-back, he scored 17 points and 11 rebounds to help lead the 76ers to a? 103-97 win over the Miami Heat.
All the dunks, blocks and 3-pointers at times seemed like background music at what turned into Philly's largest Super Bowl tailgate party. The Sixers cloaked the Wells Fargo Center in green -- from the giveaway "Brotherly Love" T-shirts imprinted with the Sixers and Eagles logos to the balloons, signage and even the table runners on press row.
The packed house erupted in unison to belt out the "Fly, Eagles, Fly" fight song that's as ubiquitous at Philly sporting events as "Rocky" movie clips. They broke out enough "E-A-G-L-E-S! Eagles!" chants to make the arena sound like Lincoln Financial Field right before the kickoff of an Eagles game.
The day kicked off at the same arena that hosts Wing Bowl, Philly's own competitive eating competition. Molly Schuyler gnawed her way through a record 501 chicken wings in 30 minutes to win her third Wing Bowl.
The Sixers held on despite the fact the Heat turned a 28-point hole into a four-point game on Wayne Ellington's 3-pointer with 25 seconds left.
But the biggest win for the Sixers may be that Embiid is set to play games on consecutive nights for the first time.
"I feel like I've been ready," Embiid said. "Now, I'm going to feel like an NBA player. Taking days off in the NBA is not that easy."
Embiid, selected to his first All-Star team, missed his first two seasons with injuries, and the Sixers have been leery of pushing their 7-foot-2 center into major minutes over the last two seasons.
"We're in a rhythm now. It's tough when he comes out and we've got to back into another rhythm," Sixers rookie Ben Simmons said.
The Sixers are eighth in the Eastern Conference playoff standings and clearly need a healthy Embiid down the stretch to crack the postseason for the first time since 2012. Coach Brett Brown said Embiid will play in back-to-backs because he has been cleared to go -- not to avoid the potential lousy optics that might come in two weeks when Embiid will play in the Rising Stars Challenge, the Skills Challenge and the All-Star game within 48 hours.
"Joel's availability has got nothing to do with desperation or crunch time. It's all about his health," Brown said.
Fueled by the Super Bowl frenzy, Philadelphia hit 'em low (30 points in the paint), hit 'em high (three 3s) and watched that scoreboard fly all the way to a 51-41 lead at halftime.
Dario Saric made his first five buckets, growled like a dog (Eagles fans have worn dog masks in the playoffs) and had 17 points and 10 rebounds.
Information from the Associated Press was used in this report.?
New York (AP) — Sugar futures trading on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Monday:
(112,000 lbs.; cents per lb.)
PRISTINA, Kosovo (AP) — Kosovo's prime minister has suspended significant pay increases for top government officials amid a wave of criticism.
Ramush Haradinaj on Wednesday said the government suspended them and will wait for a Constitutional Court verdict on the issue.
On Tuesday, Kosovo's Agency Against Corruption said there was no legal basis for the government's decision to double or significantly raise the salaries of top officials. Thirty lawmakers then asked the Constitutional Court's opinion on the legal basis of such a decision.
In late December, the government decided to raise salaries, doubling it for the prime minister to 2,950 euros ($3,656) a month before taxes. The average salary in the country is 354 euros a month ($438).
Kosovo is one of Europe's poorest countries.
The official bracket for the 2017 Battle 4 Atlantis was released Monday, and Tennessee's opening opponent is Purdue. The Volunteers and Boilermakers square off in the opening game of the tournament, with tipoff set for noon ET on Wednesday, Nov. 22.
The other opening-day matchup on Tennessee's side of the bracket features Villanova and Western Kentucky, while the opposite side of the bracket includes games between Arizona and NC State, and SMU and Northern Iowa.
Each member of the eight-team tournament field will play three games at the event between Nov. 22-24. Tennessee's second game will take place Thursday, Nov. 23, at either 12:30 p.m. ET (win) or 9:30 p.m. ET (lose). All games will be televised nationally; network designations have yet to be determined.
Projected to enter 2017-18 with a top-25 ranking, Purdue made a run to the Sweet Sixteen last season under the direction of head coach Matt Painter, who is entering his 13th season at the program's helm. The Boilermakers lost All-American and Big Ten Player of the Year Caleb Swanigan, who was selected 26th overall by the Portland Trailblazers in June's NBA Draft.
Purdue returns a trio of senior All-Big Ten performers. Forward Vincent Edwards earned third-team All-Big Ten honors last season after averaging 12.6 points, 4.9 rebounds and 3.2 assists per game. He's the only active player in America with 1,000 career points, 500 rebounds, 300 assists and 100 made 3-pointers.
Guard Dakota Mathias had a breakout junior season, starting all 35 games and averaging 9.7 points, 3.9 rebounds and 3.8 assists per game. He also shot 45.3 percent from behind the arc (72-of-159), ranking second in the Big Ten last season. The Big Ten Defensive Team honoree is joined by 7-2 center Isaac Haas, who averaged 12.6 points, 5.0 rebounds and 0.7 blocks per game. He shot 58.7 percent from the field last season.
The Vols and Boilermakers have met just three times previously, with Purdue owning a 2-1 edge. In the last meeting, Purdue outlasted UT, 73-72, in the championship game of the Paradise Jam in St. Thomas on Nov. 23, 2009.
Tennessee is 22-34 all-time against current members of the Big Ten Conference. The Vols' last triumph over a Big Ten foe was a come-from-behind win over Iowa in the “First Four” of the 2014 NCAA Tournament.
Vols head coach Rick Barnes owns a .491 career record against current members of the Big Ten (28-29) and is 1-1 against Purdue.
Atlantis offers a resort experience in mythical proportions amidst the largest marine habitat in the world. Guests can explore the ruins of Atlantis in The Dig, challenge the Mayan Temple and Aquaventure's water slides, enjoy 11 swimming areas, and interact with live dolphins at Dolphin Cay.
Resort facilities include a state-of-the-art kids club, Atlantis Kids Adventures (AKA), a 30,000-square-foot flagship Mandara Spa, a sports center, a state-of-the-art rock climbing facility, a world-class marina, haute couture shopping, and more than 20 restaurants, bars and lounges.
School Fan Packages, which include tickets to each game the school plays in during the tournament, can be booked by calling 888-877-7525. Fans can also purchase Full Tournament Packages, granting them entry to every game of the tournament.
The entirety of the 12-game tournament will be televised and will take place in Atlantis' 3,900-seat Imperial Arena.
Battle 4 Atlantis ticket and travel packages can be booked by calling 1-800-Atlantis or Battle4Atlantis.com. Fans can follow along using the hashtag #Battle4Atlantis on social media, as well.
On the Oscars red carpet, most of the attention is focused on the ladies and their gowns, but the men can't be forgotten.While the men may have it a little easier when it comes to dressing for awards season, it still takes an effort to be sure they are red carpet ready.Men do have several decisions to make when it comes to looking their best: Single or double breasted? Vest or no vest? Black, blue or white?"Dress up and think old Hollywood, think Carey Grant. This is not the time to experiment. Really you want to look dapper, you want to think elegant black tie," designer and fashion expert Nick Verreos explained.From Andrew Garfield in Gucci to Dev Patel in Burberry, many of the nominees have opted for the traditional black tie this awards season.Some have taken risk, like Mahershala Ali, who sported an all-white tuxedo by Ermenegildo Zegna Couture at the Screen Actors Guild Awards.Both Justin Timberlake and Ryan Gosling ditched their ties for the Critics' Choice Awards.But their ties were back for the Golden Globes where Gosling accessorized his white Gucci dinner jacket with a red flower."It's all about maybe a tie clip. It's all about a pocket square, an elegant one or even a brooch," Verreos said. "I think that would be something that adds that little bit of uniqueness to the look, but not overdo it."
Getty Image
On Monday, the latest grim statistics on Chicago showed the city's homicide rate reaching a final tally of 762 victims in 2016. This qualifies not only as the highest number in two decades but the biggest annual increase in 60 years.
The city also managed to pass the combined homicide total in New York City and Los Angeles. This sobering realization only adds to the impact of the Chicago Tribune‘s weekend shooting updates, which saw an increase of 1,100 more shootings than in 2015. Chicago authorities are partially blaming an increase of illegal guns in the city, but former Fox News personality Greta Van Susteren addressed the issue by calling for National Guard intervention.
762 homicides in Chicago? It is time to call in the National Guard to protect the law abiding citizens? Any other idea? — Greta Van Susteren (@greta) January 2, 2017
Needless to say, many of the replies were not positive towards Van Susteren's suggestion. Some people slammed her for suggesting that the military should patrol inner cities (or hinting that Chicago should move towards martial law). Others suggested that Rahm Emanuel's leadership was to blame, especially given the police force corruption that has come to light in recent years. Van Susteren continued to tweet.
I want the citizens in all neighborhoods,including urban inner cities, to be safe. What is your solution? https://t.co/Vx1EmEZyNA — Greta Van Susteren (@greta) January 2, 2017
Whatever Chicago is doing to protect many of its citizens is NOT working. Proof:762 murders. — Greta Van Susteren (@greta) January 2, 2017
Speaking in a Sunday news conference Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson stated that Chicago gun violence continues due to lack of deterrence. “In Chicago, we just don't have a deterrent to pick up a gun,” Johnson said. “Any time a guy stealing a loaf of bread spends more time pre-trial in jail than a gun offender, something is wrong.” He also believes that anger following the release of videos showing officer-involved shootings has left criminals feeling “emboldened.”
UPDATE: Naturally, Trump weighed in on this via Twitter as well.
Chicago murder rate is record setting – 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2017
(Via Associated Press & Greta Van Susteren on Twitter)
CANTON, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio high school teacher who tackled a student in a classroom conflict recorded on cellphone video says he felt threatened, was trying only to restrain the boy and regrets what happened.
The Canton Repository reports the 48-year-old Canton teacher resigned in January after being suspended pending a district investigation.
The Dec. 4 video shows the teacher touching the arm of a male student, who pulls away. The teacher then wraps his arm around the student's neck and takes him to the floor.
The teacher's attorney hasn't publicly commented, but a district investigation file includes the teacher's comments to school officials. He told them he intervened because one student threatened another and ignored attempts to deescalate the situation.
The superintendent characterized the teacher's behavior as "disturbing and unprofessional."
___
Information from: The Repository, http://www.cantonrep.com
NICOSIA, Cyprus (AP) — Leaders of a major Cyprus political party aren't supporting either the incumbent or his left-wing challenger in the runoff of the country's presidential election.
The executive bureau of center-right DIKO said Tuesday that endorsing either President Nicos Anastasiades or independent Stavros Malas would be a reversal of the party's stance on reunification talks with the divided nation's breakaway Turkish Cypriots.
The party's candidate in the election's first round on Sunday advocated a tougher line in the peace talks, saying Anastasiades and Malas would concede too much to the Turkish side.
The bureau says backing either runoff contender would diminish DIKO's credibility and be "disrespectful" to voters who cast ballots for party leader Nicholas Papadopoulos. He received more than one-quarter of the vote.
TOKYO (AP) — Japanese media say 11 people have died in a fire that engulfed a home for elderly welfare recipients in northern Japan.
The fire broke out before midnight Thursday in Sapporo, the main city on the island of Hokkaido. Media reports say that five residents were rescued.
Footage on public broadcaster NHK showed flames and smoke pouring out of the three-story building as firefighters battled the blaze.
The cause of the fire is under investigation.
Kyodo News service says the building was a former inn that had been rented by the operator of the facility.
SHOWTIME
The atomic bomb ain't got nothing on Film Twitter.
Last week, the well-respected magazine Sight and Sound named Twin Peaks: The Return the second best movie of 2017, despite the fact that it aired on a television network in weekly installments. “David Lynch's epic, mind-altering anti-detective TV series gave us exactly what we expected,” the publication explained, “by giving us nothing that we expected.” The TV vs. movie “debate” is a pointless argument (it also makes TV seem “less,” like it's not as dignified an art form as The Cinema), but pointless arguments are why social media exists. Film Twitter had thoughts, TV Twitter had thoughts, and Sports Twitter breathed a sigh of relief that, for a brief moment, they weren't the worst.
Entertainment Weekly asked actor and Golden Globe nominee Kyle MacLachlan for his thoughts on the matter. “I think it's kind of both,” he answered, unhelpfully. But! “David [Lynch] was very specific about calling them hours and not episodes. So they're 18 hours, and the way it was written and directed was if it were a long film. In other words, we didn't break it into pieces when we were filming. So I think structurally, it is a film.”
Somewhere out there, our own Alan Sepinwall just smashed something.
“Obviously, it was broadcasted on television and intended for television, but I think you could make the argument that it also works as a film,” MacLachlan continued. “The very first one that we did was episodic, but when they screened Twin Peaks, the original pilot, at the Television Academy, it held up as a film, which makes complete sense to me because it's directed by David Lynch. It just felt like it was a feature. And when they screened the first two episodes [of The Return] in Cannes this year, it had exactly the same results. It was seamless. The first two hours felt as if they were a film. So I think you could definitely make that argument.” I'd normally say MacLachlan should stay off Twitter for awhile, but nope: he's busy living his best life. All the power (and pie) to him.
(Via Entertainment Weekly)
The Big Baller Brand might soon be setting up camp in Eastern Europe. According to ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski, LiAngelo Ball and LaMelo Ball are in “serious discussions” to sign with Prienu Vytautas, which competes in the Lithuanian (LKL) League and the Baltic (BBL) League. The club will decide within the next day or two whether to “finalize an agreement” with LaVar Ball's two youngest sons.
Story filed to ESPN with @DraftExpress: LiAngelo and LaMelo Ball are in serious discussions to sign professional basketball deals with Lithuanian club Prienu Vytautas. Club plans to decide in next 24-to-48 hours whether to finalize an agreement with the two American teenagers. — Adrian Wojnarowski (@wojespn) December 11, 2017
Prienu Vytautas currently sits seventh in the LKL with a 4-9 record, and isn't expected to be one of the top teams by season's end, per Eurohoops. The club does not compete in the EuroLeague or the EuroCup, but will face teams domestically that are in those competitions (i.e. Zalgiris Kaunas in the EuroLeague, Lietkabelis and Lietuvos Rytas in the EuroCup).
Per ESPN's Jonathan Givony, Lonzo Ball's brothers wouldn't likely see much time in the LKL, but could garner significant minutes—perhaps as many as 20-to-25 per game—in the BBL, wherein BC Prieneai has won its last three games since forfeiting a contest against Sadolini Spordihoone on Oct. 31. From the team's perspective, the additions of Gelo and Melo would be driven, at least in part, by marketing potential.
The Ball brothers are not expected to see major playing time for Prienu Vytautas in the Lithuanian (LKL) league, but could be afforded an opportunity to develop in the Baltic (BBL) League, where the stakes are much lower. The club must decide whether to pull the trigger first. https://t.co/XIihTVnZMD — Jonathan Givony (@DraftExpress) December 11, 2017
It's a good thing, too, that the Balls aren't concerned about the money, since there won't likely be much on offer for them in Lithuania—if they get paid at all.
From what I'm told, salaries for players at this level of competition usually don't exceed $500 per month in the absolute best case. It wouldn't surprise me if the Ball brothers ended up playing for free. Certainly not the most glamorous league or part of the world to live in. Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Lonzo Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again? — Jonathan Givony (@DraftExpress) December 11, 2017
The family's preference for a package deal over payment should make
Per Givony, Prienu Vytautas doesn't have much history as a haven for American players. The only example he could find was former Vanderbilt guard Brad Tinsley, who didn't last long in the town of Prienai.
Prienu Vytautas has only had one American player on their roster in the past decade, Brad Tinsley, who departed after a month of action, according to my research. The Balls would likely be faced with a major culture shock in Prienai, a small village of around 10,000 people. — Jonathan Givony (@DraftExpress) December 11, 2017
Chino Hills isn't exactly a big city itself. As of July 2016, the United States Census Bureau estimated a population of under 80,000 residents for the seat of the Ball Estate.
That said, Gelo and Melo are intimately familiar with the culture, language and lifestyle of Chino Hills. Prienai, some 5,900 miles away, will offer an entirely new set of circumstances, with little (if any) English spoken among a small sea of Lithuanian.
All the more reason, then, for LaVar and his brothers to accompany the two teenagers to this or any far-flung reach of the basketball world.
Stay tuned for further details.
ROOSEVELT, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) – Nassau County Police have made a second arrest in connection with the murder of 16-year-old Angel Soler.
Soler's remains were found in a wooded area in Roosevelt last October.
Josue Figueroa-Velasquez, 18, of Freeport, has been charged with second degree murder. He made his first court appearance Wednesday morning.
In November, police arrested David Sosa Guevara, 26, and charged him with murder.
Investigators believe the murder is connected to the violent central American street gang MS-13.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
NEW YORK (AP) — From “covfefe” to Sean Spicer's press briefings, the Trump administration has provided a steady stream of material for late-night shows.
NBC's “Late Night with Seth Meyers” now devotes up to 12 minutes of airtime three to four days a week with a segment called “A Closer Look.”
During these segments, Meyers and his writers take an element of news and do a deep dive. On Monday it was President Donald Trump's efforts to discredit former FBI Director James Comey while also trying to bolster his own reputation. He asked Cabinet members to give him compliments in an on-air round table.
“Is there anything creepier than Trump making his staff go around the room and praise him? Even Kim Jong Il is like, ‘Dude, have some self-respect,'” joked Meyers in “A Closer Look” segment.
Meyers says his interest in current events and politics stems from his childhood.
“My parents are very much into reading newspapers, watching the news every night,” he says. “I grew up in New Hampshire, so presidential politics were on our front door every four years for six months.”
“Late Night” head writer Alex Baze says people are paying attention to politics.
“You can do your best work when the audience has a lot of information,” he said. “When you have to explain the whole story and then make a joke, it really loses steam along the way.”
Sal Gentile, designated writer for “A Closer Look,” says it's “a lot of rapid-fire joke writing.”
“First you're processing news and on top of that you've got to write jokes,” he says. “It requires speed and discipline.”
The “Closer Look” segment appears three or four times a week, and “Late Night” producer and showrunner Mike Shoemaker says it's “the thing that excites us.”
“If you asked me a few years ago, ‘Do you think you'll have 12-minute segments that will even go on YouTube much less get a million views by the next day,' I'd be very surprised. … People accept it at every length and sometimes even the longer ones do better,” he says. “We learned to let the segment run and figure out the rest.”
Meyers says there are no rules about “A Closer Look.”
“I think one of the great advantages we have over real journalists who wonderfully have higher standards than we do is, when you're dealing with an administration that often doesn't have a lot of respect for integrity, comedy shows like ours are kind of better suited to call them out,” he said.
He says the main goal of the segments is to entertain, but it's cathartic for him as well. “It's the best feeling to have a day where there are things in the news that are frustrating to you and stressful, but if you can go out and tell jokes, it is the best feeling. I'm very lucky. I feel very fortunate to tell jokes now more than ever.”
—
Online:
http://www.nbc.com/late-night-with-seth-meyers
Comments
comments
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
17:50 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Brush fire near Tiberias hot springs A man and a woman suffered moderately from smoke inhalation following a brush fire near the Tiberias hot springs. Paramedics from Magend David Adom and United Hatzalah gave them medical treatment and evacuated them to hospital. ► ◄ Last Briefs
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A Manhattan woman has found herself in a world of legal troubles after posting a bad review of a local doctor online.
Michelle Levine tells CBS2 she's already spent close to $20,000 fighting the million-dollar suit which accuses her of defamation, libel, and causing emotional distress.
The plaintiff is Dr. Joon Song, a gynecologist Levine says she visited once in August for an annual exam.
“After I got a bill for an ultrasound and a new patient visit, whatever that means, and it was not billed as an annual I wrote a review about it,” she told CBS2's Lisa Rozner.
She says she complained to the doctor's office, but nothing happened. The lengthy critical review, among other things, complained of “very poor and crooked” business practices and was posted on sites like Yelp, Zocdoc, and Healthgrades.
“And I gave them one star on Facebook, which they also put in their complaint,” Levine said.
After getting sued, Levine says she took down all her reviews but Dr. Song still wants her to pay around $1 million in damages plus legal fees.
“It's been kind of a nightmare,” the defendant said. “I just have this doctor that's been suing me for a Yelp review and he won't go away.”
Dr. Song wouldn't go on camera to discuss the suit, but his attorney sent a statement to CBS2 saying in part: “While everyone is entitled to their opinion, outright lies masquerading as reviews can inflict serious damage to a medical practice or small business.”
Legal experts say it's important to choose your words carefully when reviewing a business online.
“Truth is an absolute defense,” attorney Steve Hyman said. “If you do that and don't make a broader conclusion that they're running a scam factory then you can write a truthful review that ‘I had a bad time with this doctor'.”
Other experts say it's important not to make broad generalizations.
“If you're going to make a factual assertion, be able to back that up and prove that fact,” Evan Mascagni from the Public Participation Project said.
Levine says despite the legal headache, she doesn't regret writing her review and will continue to fight to the end if she has to.
A spokesperson for Yelp tells CBS2 New York needs stronger legislation to protect reviewers from lawsuits, but in general it encourages businesses to resolve issues directly with consumers instead of resorting to litigation.
22:11 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Netanyahu planning landmark visits to Argentina and Mexico Read more Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu plans to become the first sitting Israeli prime minister to visit Latin America, ahead of the United Nations General Assembly next month. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Chairman Naftali Bennett of the Jewish Home party said, Monday, that Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu does not have to resign because he is the subject of a criminal investigation, as was the case with former prime minister Ehud Olmert.
Responding to a question by an Arutz Sheva reporter during a meeting of the party's Knesset faction, Bennett said, "The investigation may end with nothing. There is great importance to the stability of Israeli governments and this is a good national government."
FINDLAY, Ohio--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Quiet, comfortable and fast, the new Mastercraft Avenger M8™ is rolling onto the ultra high performance market as a W-rated tire that's designed to make everyday driving fun. The Avenger M8 offers all season traction, soft handling and a 40,000-mile treadwear warranty.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005909/en/
Cooper Tire's new Mastercraft Avenger M8™ is an ultra high performance tire offering comfort and quiet as well as a 40,000-mile treadwear warranty. (Photo: Business Wire)
“Whether trekking across the country or cruising around town, your ride should be as smooth as possible. That's why Mastercraft is debuting its most comfortable ultra high performance tire yet – the Avenger M8,” said Scott Jamieson, Cooper's Director of Product Management for North America. “Featuring a noise-sealing tread design and enhanced elastic base layering, the new Avenger M8 provides drivers with the precise handling and stability needed for a smooth and quiet riding experience in wet or dry weather.”
In addition to the noise sealing ribs and enhanced base tread layer, the tire features a broad tread width and wide center rib which provide substantial ground contact for great stability and responsiveness. There are seven circumferential grooves in the Avenger M8 allowing for faster water drainage to guard against hydroplaning.
The Mastercraft Avenger M8 is available in 19 popular sizes, from 16- to 19-inch rim diameters.
About Cooper Tire & Rubber Company
Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (NYSE: CTB) is the parent company of a global family of companies that specializes in the design, manufacture, marketing and sale of passenger car, light truck, medium truck, motorcycle and racing tires. Cooper's headquarters is in Findlay, Ohio, with manufacturing, sales, distribution, technical and design operations within its family of companies located in more than one dozen countries around the world. For more information on Cooper, visit www.coopertire.com, www.facebook.com/coopertire or www.twitter.com/coopertire.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005909/en/
CONTACT: Cooper Tire & Rubber Company
Megan James, 419-424-4251
majames@coopertire.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA OHIO
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS AUTOMOTIVE AFTERMARKET MOTORCYCLES OFF-ROAD TRUCKS & SUVS RECREATIONAL VEHICLES TIRES & RUBBER GENERAL AUTOMOTIVE
SOURCE: Cooper Tire & Rubber Company
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:30 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:30 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005909/en
NEW YORK (AP) — Judging by the ratings, NBC will be happy to invite old friend Will Ferrell back to "Saturday Night Live" whenever he wants.
The Nielsen company said that the late-night comedy show reached 7.47 million viewers for this past weekend's show with Ferrell as host. It was the most-watched episode of "Saturday Night Live" this season. Chris Stapleton was the musical guest on the night before he won three Grammy Awards.
The news wasn't so good for the Grammys, which saw its audience slip to 19.8 million viewers for CBS on Sunday. Bruno Mars was the night's headliner, taking home six Grammys.
Transcript for New Jersey police release bodycam video showing violent arrest
We have just obtained the police. Body cam video from the violent arrest of a woman who was at the beach in wildwood last weekend. Is this blockbuster video or is it is more confusing I was his board Jim Dolan in the newsroom with a brand new video chip. At a police just released this body cam video from that incident over the weekend on Saturday from wildwood New Jersey where are twenty year old woman. Who was forcibly arrested when the video starts here. They have decided tour after the police have decided to rest are for an open container you see she's not cooperating there in this new video you do not see either horror. But second the police officers which is what they claim nor do you see down punching her which bars sol cam video. Shows later. But you see the violent arrest of a twenty year old woman she's the police that she just wants to wait until her aunt arrives at the beach that the odd is on the way. They decide to arrest her anyway it is a violent incident on the beach that many people saw people who were on the beach lovely day on Saturday in wildwood New Jersey. You see is air she is now. In custody she was not cooperating early on in that video. Odd but again if they were tried to arrest her for what they claim is an open container she says she was not. But drinking she was with several friends there that is the body cavity others more that was released we're gonna go through that video. And Dodd showed to you at 6 o'clock with up a little more perspective but that is new video just released. A few moments and all of a violent arrest on the beach in wildwood New Jersey over the weekend a three officers involved have been reassigned at least. Temporarily.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
This year's Scripps National Spelling Bee drew the largest number of competitors in its history, 516. But the field is far smaller, as only 41 spellers advance to the finals Thursday.
The finalists were announced Wednesday after two days of onstage spelling during which nearly 200 spellers were eliminated for getting words wrong. Scores on a written spelling and vocabulary test determined who advanced to the finals.
“There were no perfect scores on the test,” spelling bee Executive Director Paige Kimble says, “We thought it was an easy test. We were wrong.”
“They made it hard on purpose” said Jacob Williamson, a former competitor who is coaching five spellers this year.
But that didn't seem to shake the confidence of those who have traversed the road before.
“It was fine, actually. I didn't expect it to be fine,” said Erin Howard, 13, of Huntsville, Alabama. “I think at worst I missed five.”
According to Scripps, 113 of the spellers this year had previous national finals experience and 45 have relatives who are former competitors, including Atman Balakrishnan, from Chicago, whose father Balu Natrajan was the winner in 1985, and the first Indian-American to take the title.
The top scorers this year are Shruthika Padhy, Aisha Randhawa and Karthik Nemmani.
Shruthika came into the bee as one of the favorites, having finished in seventh place last year.
The past 13 champions and 18 of the last 22 have been Indian-American. [Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Education
Saint Francis Healthcare announced that Brian E. Dietz resigned as President and CEO of Saint Francis Healthcare. Dave Ricci, recently President and CEO of St. Michael's Medical Center in Newark, New Jersey, will be the interim President and CEO, effective immediately.
No reason was given for the resignation.
“Dave Ricci is a strong and strategic leader with proven experience and strong ties to in our region. We look forward to working with him to continue pursuing our People-Centered 2020 strategic plan.” said Benjamin Carter, Executive Vice President for Trinity Health, which owns Saint Francis Healthcare.
Before joining Saint Michael's Medical Center, Ricci held senior executive positions at Abington Memorial Hospital, Albert Einstein Healthcare Network and the Germantown Hospital and Medical Center.
Dietz, a veteran health care executive became president of St. Francis in 2014.
Saint Francis Healthcare, a member of Trinity Health, operates Delaware's only Catholic hospital serving Wilmington and Northern New Castle County since 1924.
PARIS (AP) — A digital gallery in Paris is making art an immersive experience for visitors who can walk into and over paintings projected around a warehouse.
The Atelier des Lumieres, or Studio of Lights, opened this month with an inaugural exhibit featuring Austrian painter Gustav Klimt's work not hanging on walls, but lighting up floors, ceilings and walls in a colorful, 35-minute moving sequence.
Gallery director Michael Couzigou says: "We use photos scanned in high definition to make this digital exhibition a universe of music and sound."
The show, set to classical music, attracted 60,000 visitors in its first 10 days.
Organizers say the gallery is the biggest of its kind in the world. It has 140 fixed video projectors installed across the 3,300-square-meter (35,521-square-foot) space.
Granbury city officials are warning residents not to fall for scam calls claiming to be from the city utility department.
“In this operation, scammers call businesses and residents and falsely claim to represent the utility department of the City of Granbury,” a press release from the city stated. “They threaten account holders with a cancellation of services if an immediate payment is not made. If you receive a similar call, hang up and contact City of Granbury at 817-573-1114. After hours you may contact us at 817-588-0488.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Canadian PM calls on world to speak 'boldly and without fear,' says 'what is right and what is good will always prevail.'
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Wednesday spoke at a ceremony bestowing Canadian citizenship upon 2014 Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai.
In his speech, Trudeau said, "Honoured guests, parliamentarians, colleagues, and friends, it is a pleasure to be here today to host one of the newest and possibly the bravest citizens of Canada, Malala Yousafzai.
"Malala, it is a privilege to welcome you to our House, and now that you are an honorary Canadian, I hope you will consider this your House too. Welcome.
"Malala's story is one we know well. It is both exceptional and familiar... We were reminded that a bullet is no match for an idea, that in the face of evil, what is right and what is good will always prevail.
"Malala, when you said that you harbor no ill will against your would-be assassin, you manifested a profound goodness that Canadians can identify with.
"Just a few months ago, a Quebec City mosque was the target of a terrorist attack. That senseless act of violence left six innocent people dead. They were husbands, fathers, sons. Even in the wake of that crime, Canadians stood united. We did not turn against one another. Neighbors did not turn their backs on each other. We did not succumb to hatred or fear.
"By taking positive action, as we always try to do in Canada, we told the rest of the world that we would not answer violence with violence, that we would instead answer fear and hatred with love and compassion.
"[You are] an everyday hero, a trailblazer and a teenager, a renegade and a reader, a fearless advocate and a girl who wants nothing more than to see more kids in classrooms. On top of that, you are impossibly humble. We Canadians are all about that.
"We call on our brothers and sisters around the world to speak boldly and without fear, knowing in their hearts that the right words at the right time can make change happen."
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Prison guards at the Wilson County Jail arrested Scott Ronald Dorris, 54, of Lafayette, after they questioned false documents and odd behavior he presented when he attempted to free inmate Richard Wayne Bohanan, 36, of Bethpage, who was in jail on 12 charges from December.
Deputies inside the prison responded when they realized Dorris was not who he claimed to be.
“The officers who made contact with Scott Dorris displayed incredible awareness,” said Sheriff Robert Bryan. “Training for situations like these proved beneficial in maintaining a safe and secure correctional facility.”
The investigation of the attempted prison break remained open and may involve more people than Dorris and Bohanan, Bryan said. Wilson County sheriff's investigators are working with investigators in Macon County to determine how Dorris got an officer's uniform.
“The case will remain active while Dorris and other individuals may be charged as a result of this incident,” said Bryan.
Dorris was charged with criminal impersonation and criminal attempt. He remained in Wilson County Jail on $200,000 bond. His first court appearance will be Aug. 22.
Bohanan was originally charged with criminal simulation, theft of property between $1,000-$10,000 in value, criminal impersonation, felony evading arrest, resisting arrest, unlawful possession of a weapon, possession of drug paraphernalia, theft of property, reckless endangerment, driving on a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license, simple drug possession and altering a temporary tag. He remained in jail without bond.
The pop singer just released the music video to her new single, “Bad Liar.” There are mixed reviews about it so I wanna hear from you…what do you think?!?! I got the vid below all for you!!!! All I have to say is I definitely wouldn't have predicted the end of the video. Oh and she teases her upcoming single, “Fetish.”
Sixteen-year-old Murad Rahimov peered down into a gigantic space he had only dreamed about before: the world's largest clean room, kept scrupulously free of any dust or contamination, where NASA assembles and tests spacecraft before launch.
Murad's eyes gleamed and a smile played on his face as he took it all in — the scientists encased in sterile white suits; the replica of the massive new space telescope, the most powerful ever built, that will study the first galaxies born after the Big Bang.
Murad is obsessed with space. He has been ever since he was three, back in his home country Uzbekistan. His young imagination was sparked when his aunt gave him a picture book about space, and he couldn't stop looking at the images of the solar system. Soon after, he told his parents his dream: He wanted to become an astronaut and work for NASA.
On this recent day, he was getting a private tour of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., thanks to an NPR listener who heard about Murad's passion for space in a story that aired earlier this year. In January, NPR profiled the Rahimov family on the day they became naturalized as U.S. citizens. The Rahimovs immigrated to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010, when Murad was nine. When they first landed in Kansas City, Murad spoke no English. Now, heading into his junior year of high school, he's on an accelerated track, taking extra classes in the summer and packing his schedule with AP courses.
Listener Aaron Schnittman heard that story on the radio, and his ears perked up when he heard that Murad's goal is to work for NASA. He emailed NPR that same day, that his brother is a research astronomer working for NASA at Goddard. "I think it would be a cool follow up to connect the son to my brother and help him make the connections needed to pursue studies in astronomy," he wrote.
Cool, indeed. The connection was made, emails were exchanged, and last week, at the invitation of Jeremy Schnittman, Murad and his mother, Limara Rahimova, made the trip to Goddard outside Washington, D.C. Schnittman, an astrophysicist who specializes in black holes, spent several hours showing the Rahimovs the inner workings of the space flight center and sharing his enthusiasm for space science.
Murad was clearly in his element, sporting a t-shirt with a picture of the Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars, and a line from the movie: "the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy."
He and his mother got to see the giant cryo-vac chamber where spacecraft are tested to find out if they'll withstand the extreme temperatures of space. They walked inside the acoustic chamber that blasts spacecraft with earsplitting sound to simulate the vibration of launch. They toured the laser lab where scientists are fine-tuning measurements to detect gravitational waves. "Amazing," Murad marveled.
Back in his office, ("black hole central," as he calls it) Schnittman talked with Murad about his research into how light gets bent around black holes. Naturally, they both share a hero in Albert Einstein, whose photo Schnittman keeps pinned above his desk. "It's remarkable," Schnittman said. "It's over 100 years since Einstein did all of this stuff, and still, everything is Einstein. Einstein, Einstein, Einstein."
When Murad mused about the possibilities of time travel, Schnittman sounded optimistic. "It's really not that much of a stretch to say that we're one step closer to time travel," he told Murad. "This is something that Einstein predicted 100 years ago. According to the theory, the equations, time travel should be possible. The trick is just building it and getting it to work, but as far as we can tell, there's no rule against it."
The astrophysicist and the would-be astronaut parted ways with the promise to stay in touch.
Later Murad said he loves science because it shows "the sheer awesomeness, the sheer scale of how insignificant and alone we are in the universe. All these petty fights that people have between themselves, they are just insignificant. When you start thinking about space, you get lost in the vastness of it. That's what captivates me the most."
Now that he's a U.S. citizen, he believes his dream of becoming an astronaut is more within reach. He and his brother automatically became citizens when their parents did. Murad was at school the day they took the oath: "I came home and looked at my parents, and felt all this pride," he said. "You could sense that something has changed. They were smiling from ear to ear."
For his mother, Limara, becoming a U.S. citizen has grounded her in a new way. "I felt before like I'm between countries," she said. "But now I feel like I'm staying ...both my feet here in this land."
Limara works at a school, and each morning they all stand for the pledge of allegiance. Before, she said, "it didn't touch me. But now, yes! And I know what each word in the pledge of allegiance means. And it means, for me, a lot."
As for Murad? The rising high school junior has his sights set on going to Cal Tech, and on the Mars mission he dreams of one day leading. "Some people, they tell me to try to get a real job," he said, "of maybe not shooting so high. But nah. I'm shooting for it. I'm gonna chase my dreams."
Meantime, there's a celestial show about to happen, one he's been excited about for years: the total solar eclipse.
Murad's hometown, Kansas City, is a perfect spot to see it: right in the path of totality.
Next Monday he will be outside, watching in awe as the moon slides over the sun, and dreaming big dreams of space.
Chona Kassinger
“It's hard to remember how joy used to feel,” Erik Walters sings on one of the stand-out tracks of his second album as Silver Torches, Let It Be A Dream. “Staring at the ceiling dreaming, pretending happiness is real.” When Walters sings it, though, the song isn't quite a muck of despair, like it reads on the page. It is, as Stereogum called it, a “synth-powered Americana,” hinging on the kind of dark verses that require a bright, bleary chorus of hope. As the song title suggests, the reach comes through, and if a palm can impart joy again, then perhaps, here, it does.
Of course, I can think of a thousand times in my life I've felt the way those first lines go, –as most people reading this probably can. There are moments when you get so caught up in the dark cycle of everyday life, whether it be injustice, grief, trauma, hatred, or numbness, that the moments of joy and happiness seem impossibly far away, like a dream, even. But the crux of the song is an unexpected connection, a brief attempt to connect, even hypothetical, can jolt you out the dark. The bright, bleary chorus is always a possibility, no matter how thick the gloom seems.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Let It Be A Dream deals again and again in gloom and brightness, not a hot and sweet shine, like sunlight, but slow and silver like moonbeams on water. If you're new to Walters' work, start with “Keep The Car Running,” not an Arcade Fire take, but a circular, gentle hum, with Greg Leisz (of Springsteen and Joni Mitchell fame) adding pedal steel like a trace of honey in a cup of warm tea. Sometimes I think the best folk albums feel like tea, warm and mellow in your hand, but all the difference as a temporary barrier against the cold or the night.
All cross Let It Be A Dream‘s brief nine tracks, Walters offers a small comfort, within his tender songwriting and golden melodies, simple and sometimes sad, grappling with despair but never succumbing, dictating pain but telling about love.”I wrote Let It Be A Dream from the perspective of someone claimed by the honeytrap of the American Dream,” he said of the album. “It's a lonely admittance to settling with what cards you've been dealt knowing it's near impossible to climb your way out from the bottom of a glass-walled well.”
Transcript for Search continues for 2 hikers swept away in Grand Canyon creek
Let's move on to the search for two hikers swept away in a creek at grand canyon national park from the family who founded the Merrell hiking boot company and kayna Whitworth is in Los Angeles with the details. Good morning, kwain. Reporter: Good morning. The two have been missing more than 48 hours and were in their second day of a multiback backpacking trip and family members telling us they are experienced and have the skills to survive the rugged terrange. This morning, investigators desperately searching to locate two missing hikers who were swept away in the rushing waters of the grand canyon this weekend. 14-year-old Jackson Standefer and his step grandmother 62-year-old lou-ann Merrell were hiking with a group including Jackson's mother in a remote area of Arizona on Saturday. The national park service says the group was crossing this creek with fast-moving water when the two fell in and were swept away. This particular kind of incident is extremely rare. The two people would be washed away in a creek crossing is something that is unheard of in our local memory of grand canyon incidents. In 1981 Randy Merrell had an idea to create a hiking boot. Reporter: Lou-ann Merrell is married to the head of Merrell and is said to be an experienced hiker. Jackson's uncle facing where the hikers are is hot during the day and freezing at night and the water they were in was probably below 40 degrees. They were well provisioned for a multiday trip. The both were reported to have food and water in their backpacks. We believe they're equipped and have the knowledge to survive. Reporter: Now, the boy's uncle telling the ap searchers have found their backpacks. It's important to note this happened in such a remote part of the grand canyon search crews are having to stay the night into the wilderness. Some areas can't be accessed by foot, using boat, helicopters and drones to find the two. Thank you. Now we have that incredible
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
Three juveniles were mauled Wednesday after coming across a grizzly bear and her two cubs while they were hiking in a heavily wooded area just north of Alaska's largest city, in an area were two aggressive bears have already been killed this week.
Anchorage authorities said four young people were hiking in the woods around the Eagle River campground when three of them were injured after running into the bear and two young cubs. Police said in a release that the juveniles were taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. The fourth youth wasn't injured.
"It's possible this group just surprised a mother brown bear," Alaska Department of Fish and Game spokesman Ken Marsh said. "She reacted defensively, pretty much in brown bear fashion."
Anchorage police said that while responding officers were searching for the hikers, they were charged by the bear and shot at it. The bear took off into the woods, Armed game officers took up the search, Marsh said.
The officers followed specks of blood up a river, but the trail dissipated. Marsh said that indicates whichever bear was shot was not mortally wounded.
The search for the bears was called off after about three hours and would not resume. Instead, he said signs warning people of bear activity in the area would be posted.
"It's that time of year when we're having fairly decent weather and a lot of people are getting out," he said. "People just need to be bear aware."
Game officials said two bears were killed in the Eagle River area earlier this week. Eagle River is an Anchorage suburb, located about 10 miles north of the city.
A black bear that was part of a group of three on a homeowners property was killed, but officials didn't immediately know the circumstances. Authorities say a brown bear was also killed after it raided a chicken coop in an Eagle River neighborhood.
So far this year, seven bears have been killed statewide in defense of life and property, Anchorage television station KTVA reported.
The municipality of Anchorage covers more than 1,960 square miles, which is larger than the state of Rhode Island. Anchorage's population of about 300,000 humans shares that space with up to 350 black bears and about 65 brown bears, according to the Fish and Game website.
———
Thiessen reported from Anchorage, Alaska. Associated Press writer Becky Bohrer in Juneau, Alaska, contributed to this report.
JERUSALEM (AP) — Israel has summoned Ireland's ambassador over a bill seeking to ban the import of West Bank settlement products.
The bill must pass several hurdles to become law. If it does, Ireland would become the first European country to ban settlement goods.
Israel's Foreign Ministry said Wednesday that the ambassador noted the Irish government opposes the bill, as well as an international movement known as BDS, which advocates boycotts against Israel.
The European Union in 2015 approved guidelines to label settlement products. It said the move was meant to differentiate between Israel, a close trade partner, and the settlements, which it considers illegal.
The Irish bill also makes a distinction between Israel and the settlements. Israel opposes boycotts of any territories it controls, saying they bolster the BDS movement.
Migrant deaths have risen to a record level on the Libya-to-Italy Mediterranean Sea smuggling route, and the increasing number of rescue boats trying to prevent mass drownings there might actually be helping the smugglers, the European Union's border and coast guard chief says.
Frontex Executive Director Fabrice Leggeri said Wednesday that authorities face a "sad paradox," for as the international community increases its efforts to send more rescue ships close to Libya, more people die as smuggling rings pack ever more people onto tiny dinghies and push them out toward the open sea.
He said the recorded number of migrant drowning deaths on the route in 2016, which might be much less than the true loss of life, stood at 4,579. Leggeri called it "tragic and the reasons are well known: the number of migrants now (arriving) on very small dinghies."
The Frontex report "Risk analysis for 2017" said smugglers have grown more bold and reckless, knowing that rescue boats will be right on the edge of Libya's territorial waters.
"Dangerous crossings on unseaworthy and overloaded vessels were organized with the main purpose of being detected" by military, EU or civilian vessels ready to pluck desperate migrants out of the water if necessary.
"Apparently, all parties involved in (search and rescue) operations in the Central Mediterranean unintentionally help criminals achieve their objectives at minimum cost, strengthen their business model by increasing the chances of success," the report said.
It said migrants and refugees setting off on the dangerous voyage were "aware of and rely on humanitarian assistance to reach the EU."
Leggeri said smugglers along the lawless Libyan coast put an average of about 100 people on a small boat in 2015 then increased that to 160 per boat last year. He said that, together with a decrease in food and survival equipment like life vests, it was a prime reason for the number of casualties.
Compared to the record number of deaths last year, the central Mediterranean route saw 2,869 deaths in 2015 and 3,161 in 2014. There is little sign the surge is abating, even during this winter. There were 228 recorded deaths in January, by far the biggest total for the month in recent years.
Overall, central Mediterranean migrant crossings increased 17 percent last year to 181,459 people.
"This is and should be the focus we have to deal with," Leggeri said.
Transcript for Car Rolls Off Ferry in Australia
And new video just in from Australia showing it suvs see it there rolling right off a ferry boat no one was inside thankfully that cell phones credit cards passports. All gone the vehicle sank within minutes that is certainly tough way to start the new year.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
SAN DIEGO (AP) -- For most of the game, it seemed like it was Jock Landale all by himself against the entire San Diego Toreros team.
The big Australian senior had 34 points and tied his season high with 18 rebounds - he had a double-double by halftime - and the No. 13 Saint Mary's Gaels held off USD 65-62 on Saturday night to extend their school-record winning streak to 18.
One of Landale's biggest shots of the night came when he powered into the key for a layup with one minute left to help keep the rallying Toreros just at arm's length.
''There are very few of those guys that you can actually just keep going to in the post, they're not going to double, they're going to make him beat them,'' Saint Mary's coach Randy Bennett said. ''He can do it.''
The Gaels (23-2, 12-0 West Coast Conference) have the nation's second-longest winning string. No. 3 Purdue won its 19th straight on Saturday, 78-76 in overtime at Rutgers.
''I don't care about 18 straight but it's a great win,'' Bennett said. ''When league started, we were like, 'This is going to be a tough one to get done down in San Diego because they're good. Lamont's doing a great job.''
USD coach Lamont Smith was impressed with the 6-foot-11 Landale.
''We thought if we could let Landale get 100 and lock up the rest of the guys we may give ourselves a chance,'' Smith joked. ''And he's a load. He's hard to guard. He did everything he could to keep his team in the game and then some, but our guys kept battling and battling. We're not into moral victories, but our guys, if they're going to battle like that I'll sleep well at night.''
The Gaels led 36-24 at halftime and continued to lead by double digits until the Toreros slowly closed the gap late in the game.
Tyler Williams hit three 3-pointers and Isaiah Wright hit two 3s down the stretch for USD (15-9, 6-6).
By Abby Hassler
Wiz Khalifa dropped the music video for his latest track “Something New” today (August 14). The track features Ty Dolla $ign, but the video features a few more friends.
Related: Wiz Khalifa's ‘See You Again' Royalties Up for Auction
The star-studded music video features cameos from Demi Lovato, Jamie Foxx, Jason Derulo, O.T. Genasis, Juicy J, Lil Dicky, G-Eazy, Chuck Liddell and Todd Gurley.
This track is the first single from Khalifa's upcoming studio album, which is due out sometime this fall.
Watch the explicit clip now on Radio.com.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
DEVON, Pa. (AP) — A horse has broken free at a Pennsylvania horse show, sending people running for cover as it galloped toward the stables.
WPVI-TV reports the horse got loose and jumped over a fence at the Devon Horse Show Tuesday night. Cellphone video shows the horse making a run for it as onlookers scream in the stands.
The horse was caught in the stable area. It suffered minor scrapes.
Officials say the rider was able to dismount from the carriage before the horse ran away. The rider was uninjured.
The horse show is expected to continue through the week as planned.
Transcript for Manners matter in one kindergarten class
Ran surveillance.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Getty Image
With ex-presidential robocalls and sketchy Facebook ads swarming in Alabama ahead of Tuesday's special Senate election between Democrat Doug Jones and accused child molester Roy Moore, another prominent Republican voice has called on Alabama voters to head to the polls and reject Roy Moore: Condoleeza Rice.
In a statement, the former Secretary of State and Birmingham native calls the special election one of the most significant political contests in Alabama's history and urges voters to follow their values while casting their vote. She does so without actually mentioning Moore by name.
“I encourage you to take a stand for our core principles and for what is right. These critical times require us to come together to reject bigotry, sexism, and intolerance.”
However, even without mentioning Moore specifically, it's clear that Rice, like Alabama Senator Richard Shelby, finds the disgraced judge unsuitable for the Senate.
“It is imperative for Americans to remain focused on our priorities and not give way to side shows and antics,” Rice said. “I know that Alabamans need an independent voice in Washington. But we must also insist that our representatives are dignified, decent, and respectful of the values we hold dear.”
During the 2016 election, Rice made it clear that she was not interested in being a running mate for President Trump and called on him to withdraw from the election after the Access Hollywood tape was made public.
(Via AL.com)
On a per-episode basis, Katy Perry may be the most headline-grabbing judge in American Idol history. On her first episode last week, Perry planted a kiss on a contestant who really didn't want one. The second episode of the new season aired yesterday, and again Perry found a way to raise some eyebrows: By maybe throwing some shade at Taylor Swift, with whom she has been feuding for quite some time now.
In the clip from the episode above, a contestant is asked, “Who do you look up to as an artist?” The musician, apparently knowing about the Swift-Perry beef, responds, “I'm sorry for this, Katy: Taylor Swift.”
“Oh, you don't have to be sorry,” Perry responds before the contestant says, “I love Taylor Swift.” Katy has her own response — “I love her… as a songwriter, as well,” she says, before flashing a grin of her own. The clip cuts to the contestant cracking a big smile, then back to Perry, looking down, tilting her head to the side, and making a face that suggests that there's more meaning to what she said than what's on the surface.
Whether or not this feud is still going on, Perry at least seems willing to squash it: Last year, she said she would be willing to Facetime with Swift and get on good terms, saying, “By the way, I am ready because I think when women unite, the world is going to heal.”
Watch the American Idol clip above.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Transcript for Andrew Morton on Meghan Markle, Prince Harry's relationship
Federal wedding is just a few weeks away and were all dressed up to celebrate Prince Harry and his bride to be made it Markel who is a royal biographer Andrew Morton takes a candid look at the latest addition to the family in his new book Macon. And Hollywood princess and he's here to tell me if I have a shot at making duchess of I love them and I'm not a our view of your wonderful unless sunny day here and it's just exactly what. One of the things at the royals who that is just theirs and it's fabulous that he's fattening it analytical them fat coordinator fascinate I love absolutely let's talk about the royal family and the fact that Megan Markell is now. Coming into the family she's a divorcing me yeah she's American. My good Paula. Rob looking and that the panelists has been criticized in the past for the lack of diversity shall we say I mean. It's completely white for centuries let's put it that way and that's how does it. I mean this is that this is an assist total sea change that you thank to roll common relevant. I mean there's of them think something like 11100 people employed by the house only 6% of them ethnic book backgrounds but I find that Megan biracial. African American mobile descended from slaves and also on this under the thumb my that descend from. Robert the Bruce move came knowing about off during a good. So you've got about the fascinating concept is don't give your average home counties so how does a pretty Dylan is she OK with that. Well the free advice is if it's a and his lifetime. I'm. I think she's passed the world's fast and she feels lady feels to me like Mankins always being widows and he's he's almost like some kind of and national treasure these days. A minister real question does you think that if Harry word heir to the throbbing as William is that they would be quite that okay with it. I didn't think so that's really I think. Finger they would have pulled probably for the bit more carefully about it I think that. Megan's background of being checked out mall I'm very fond of bi racial I'm American I'm trust divorcee to marry. It is the role Thomas I get the appellation royal highness is a sign of massive change over the last eighteen years. What it's impossible not to think of Princess Diana now that her youngest son is getting married. And you knew her what would she think of making. Well she beat should have been impressed by the fire that's. How is just didn't just bring stuff smile on his lips is a happy man meant. As a parent she would want to see that all sudden. Should also be thinking she's actually bring something positive to the wolf comments he's challenging. Exceptions. A social (mores) she and she will be make a real difference. And let's face it but I think this in his today. If Harry was just mind some ordinary bread and the home counties go. The front is. Megan's an interest in person in her Enron she's a chief Kwon law in 36 years have panda I think they're going forwards a bull move all be looking to see how this American princess. France and saw the House of Windsor who. Well Harry and make it met they were set up on a blind date by mutual friend in July 2016. And here's a go though Harry was something of a tabloid figure. Many people wondered if you would ever settle down now if PM Megan had met each other back then do you think we'd be sitting here in the east Cassidy years talking about. And we look I think she would have its issues seen Harry this angry man. Drinking too much getting suffice it paparazzi falling out of balls taking a swim trunks often must plague us as real men now. I'm chip and chase caught in his she's content related like that she would have forced some. Non sky but not. Not for me. Thank you for joining us live now because I love the to have you here people should watch the crown you really think it's happening. Watch out every everything but lots at ground.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Kinja Roundup · Kinja!
io9 It Sounds Like We May Be Waiting Even Longer for Star Trek: Discovery | Kotaku Fight Square Enix's CEO In Nier: Automata's…
LAS VEGAS — A warm getaway destination that offers live winter sports, Las Vegas now fits that bill for Western Canadians.
Sin City's desert climate combined with a new NHL team currently in the Stanley Cup final and regular world curling events just a short flight away are increasing traffic from Canada's most western provinces.
Canadians may love going to the arena to watch hockey and curling, but they don't necessarily love shovelling a path to the car and scraping the windshield to get there.
Hanging at the pool pre-game and going to the arena in shorts, or catching a Cirque du Soleil show and hitting the blackjack tables after? Canadians can get behind that during the dog days of winter.
"We saw incredible crowds travel from Western Canada all throughout the season," Vegas Golden Knights chief marketing officer Brian Killingsworth said.
"What we've noticed in Western Canada, but even across all other hockey markets, teams circle this date, the Las Vegas date, as the destination trip. That's the game they want to travel to with their fan base, their fan groups, their sponsors.
"We had probably some of the best representation of visiting team fans coming from the Western Canadian teams. As an aside, it was some of our best-performing 50-50 raffles. It was significant."
An average of 1.44 million Canadians travel to Las Vegas annually which is the most from any country, according to the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority.
Vancouver, Calgary and Edmonton account for 54 per cent of Canada's direct air passengers to Vegas, according to the LVCVA, because of geographical proximity and several daily non-stop flights from those cities.
They were already going to Las Vegas for the gambling, shows and warmer weather. The arrival of ice sports add to the inducements to go.
Story Continues
"Western Canada is just vital for Las Vegas," said Lisa Motley, LVCVA's director of sports marketing and special events.
"While I'd like to tell you we programmed our winter sports around the Canadian market coming to visit, it's just kind of more of a bonus for us."
Curlers and fans were tanning at The Orleans pool between draws during the men's world curling championship in April, while Calgary was slammed with snow the same week.
World championship event manager Jon Killoran said 75 to 80 per cent of tickets is sold to Canadians.
The World Financial Group Continental Cup of Curling — a Ryder-Cup-style event featuring the world's best curlers — will be held at the Orleans Arena for the fourth time in six years in January, 2019.
"It's been extremely important to have the Canadian fan embrace curling in Las Vegas as they have from the very start back in 2014 with the first Continental Cup," Killoran said.
"The Canadian fan is the dominant reason that curling is succeeding here in Las Vegas.
"If people can come for the curling and can squeeze in a game with the Golden Knights at the same time, on that same trip, I think that becomes very attractive to a Canadian sports fan."
An NFL team arriving in Las Vegas in 2020 will be yet another draw for Canadians, particularly in frosty December and January when the CFL is dormant. There are rumblings Las Vegas is also due for an NBA team.
"It's a true destination city," Killingsworth said. "We'll always have that calling card.
"What I think is interesting now is it's turning into a sports and entertainment market. Not just an entertainment market."
If you go . . .
Vegas Golden Knights - www.nhl.com/goldenknights
2019 World Financial Group Continental Cup of Curling, Jan. 17-20 - www.curling.ca/tickets
Donna Spencer, The Canadian Press
MOSCOW — A Russian lawmaker says that he and colleagues who recently visited Pyongyang were shown North Korean calculations indicating that their missiles could reach the U.S. West Coast.
Anton Morozov of the nationalist Liberal-Democratic Party said in remarks carried by Russian state news agency RIA Novosti on Friday that North Korea is preparing to test-fire a long-range missile “in the nearest future.”
Morozov, who visited North Korea with two fellow lawmakers earlier this week, said that their interlocutors told them that Pyongyang has the technology that would allow missile warheads to survive the heat while entering the atmosphere.
ADVERTISEMENT
He said North Koreans also showed them “mathematical calculations which they say prove that their missile is capable of reaching the U.S. West Coast.”
PRINCETON, W.Va. (AP) — A West Virginia man is facing a murder charge after authorities say he told his pastor he caused his mother's fatal overdose because he wanted to "end her pain."
News outlets report that 44-year-old Bradford Spencer of Bluefield was arrested Saturday following the Jan. 31 death of 65-year-old Virginia Spencer.
Authorities say the man forced his mother to take numerous pain pills. He is charged with first-degree murder.
Bluefield police records say Spencer spoke to his pastor at a funeral home on Feb. 9, telling him that he regretted killing his mother, but he was tired of seeing her in pain. It's unclear what condition the woman was suffering from.
Spencer was arraigned Monday and is being held on a $100,000 bond. Records do not show whether he has an attorney.
Taiwan News went to Dongmen market to interview ordinary Taiwanese about their opinion on the late comedian Chu Ke-liang (豬哥亮), a famous but also highly controversial figure in the Taiwanese entertainment world.
The famous entertainer Chu Ke-liang, whose real name is Hsieh Hsin-Ta (謝新達), has entertained the Taiwanese people since 1980. He is often praised for his attempt to keep the Taiwanese language alive and stimulating young people to be aware of their cultural heritage. In spite of everything there are still voices of anger after he had gone into hiding in the mid 90s to avoid a reported NT$1 billion (US$33 million) gambling debts.
The 70-year-old actor and comedian, known for his trademark bowl haircut, lost his fight against colon cancer on May 15 after it was discovered 3 years ago. He was mourned by his family and his fans who lost their Iconic figure and childhood memory.
The following were interviews with people in Dongmen Market in Daan District. The interviewees were asked what their favorite Chu Ke-liang film, TV show, joke, and what they personally think of him.
"A-pei" ( Grandpa), hat seller
"Chu Ke-liang was a very good guy! A really good guy. He was always polite to others and treated them well. His daughter (Jeannie Hsieh) is really pretty and when she got in a car accident, he borrowed a lot of money to help her get treatment abroad. The only bad point about him was that he was a gambler. He was so much in debt, that he just disappeared for 15 years without a sign of life! This was a huge shock for us at that time! I never thought he would be able to loose that much money. It's more than what I made in my entire life. He was a crazy guy with four wives and five kids."
Chen Chung-yuan, 63, mutton seller
"I really loved to watch his TV shows and movies. Especially "Tsan Ting Hsiu" (餐廳秀), one of his most famous TV shows. Chu Ke-liang is our Taiwanese Charley Chaplin and helped to revive our Taiwanese Dialect. The language had almost been forgotten before he started to do his shows entirely in Taiwanese."
Li Shih-tsung, neighborhood chief of Dongmen
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 13-2-1 8-4-1 5-2-0 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 10-5-0 10-5-1 5-1-1 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 11-5-0 8-5-1 6-4-0 N.Y. Islanders 30 17 10 3 37 108 100 9-1-2 8-9-1 5-3-1 Washington 31 18 12 1 37 95 91 12-5-0 6-7-1 5-3-0 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 6-5-2 10-4-2 2-3-0 N.Y. Rangers 30 16 11 3 35 99 89 12-5-3 4-6-0 5-4-2 Pittsburgh 32 16 13 3 35 94 104 10-5-1 6-8-2 4-2-0 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 9-4-2 5-5-2 1-1-2 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 8-7-3 5-7-1 8-1-1 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 6-4-3 5-6-4 2-3-2 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 4-6-4 7-5-3 1-0-3 Florida 30 12 14 4 28 90 105 6-6-3 6-8-1 4-3-1 Detroit 30 11 13 6 28 81 99 5-6-5 6-7-1 3-7-1 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 4-5-5 5-7-2 2-2-1 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 3-9-1 4-8-5 2-4-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 11-5-0 10-3-2 5-1-1 Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 10-5-2 10-3-1 3-3-2 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 11-2-2 7-5-2 8-1-1 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 11-2-0 8-7-1 9-1-0 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 10-2-1 7-6-4 5-1-1 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 9-6-2 7-4-1 4-1-2 Dallas 31 17 13 1 35 91 90 10-4-0 7-9-1 4-8-0 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 8-8-0 8-4-2 5-3-0 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 8-3-2 7-8-1 4-5-0 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 8-5-2 6-6-3 2-5-2 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 5-6-3 9-6-1 3-5-0 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 7-7-3 5-4-4 3-2-4 Colorado 29 14 13 2 30 92 95 8-5-1 6-8-1 4-5-1 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 5-9-0 7-7-2 4-1-0 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114 3-8-1 4-13-4 1-5-3
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado 2, Pittsburgh 1
Dallas 2, N.Y. Rangers 1, SO
N.Y. Islanders 3, Washington 1
Florida 2, Detroit 1, OT
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Washington at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Chicago at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Florida at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Nashville at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
San Jose at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Pittsburgh at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Declaring a victory in Syria, Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday visited a Russian military air base in the country and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the Mideast nation.
Putin's surprise visit marked his first trip to Syria, drawing a symbolic line under the campaign that has shored up President Bashar Assad's government. It was also the first visit by a foreign head of state to war-ravaged Syria since its bloodletting started nearly seven years ago.
Putin's brief stop at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria's coastal province of Latakia while on route to Egypt came days after the Russian president declared his bid to run for re-election in the March 18 vote, helping encourage the feelings of pride about Russia's revived global clout and prestige.
It also followed the Russian announcement last week that the Syrian army, with the help of Russian airstrikes, routed the Islamic State group in eastern Syria and fully restored control over the country's border with Iraq.
In a televised speech to the Russian troops at the base, the Russian leader hailed their "excellent" performance in Syria.
"You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier — courage, valor, team spirit, decisiveness and excellent skills," said. "The Motherland is proud of you."
Russia launched its air campaign in Syria at the end of September 2015, when Assad's government was teetering on the brink of collapse, and quickly changed the course of the conflict in his favor. Russian officials say troops in Syria were there mainly to fight "terrorists" including militants of the Islamic State group and al-Qaida affiliates, but they also heavily targeted other rebel factions opposed to Assad, allowing his troops to claw back significant territory over the past two years.
Putin has hosted Assad twice in the past six years, including a surprise Nov. 21 visit that Assad undertook to the Black Sea resort of Sochi.
Russian television stations showed Putin walking off the plane at the air base, embracing and shaking hands with Assad. The two then visited a military operations room at the base.
The Hemeimeem base, located in a region that is the heartland of Assad's Alawite minority, has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria.
"Here in Syria, far away from our borders, you helped the Syrian people to preserve their state and fend off attacks by terrorists," Putin said, facing the troops lined up on the tarmac. "You have dealt a devastating blow to those who blatantly threatened our country. We will never forget about the victims who fell in the fight against terror both here and in Russia."
In his speech, Putin also said that he had ordered the military to withdraw a "significant part" of the Russian contingent in Syria.
"Friends, the Motherland is waiting for you," Putin said. "You are coming back home with victory!"
He added that "if the terrorists again raise their heads, we will deal such blows to them they have never seen."
Putin, however, said the Russian military will maintain its presence at Hemeimeem and the naval facility in Tartus.
Gen. Sergei Surovikin, the Russian military commander in Syria, reported to Putin that the military will pull out 23 warplanes, two helicopter gunships, special forces units, military police and field engineers.
Surovikin said that the remaining forces will be sufficient to "successfully fulfill the tasks" to stabilize the situation in Syria. He wouldn't say how many troops and weapons would stay behind.
Syria has allowed Russia to use Hemeimeem air base indefinitely without cost. Moscow also has signed a deal with Syria to use the Tartus base for 49 years, which could be extended if both parties agree.
The Russian military plans to modernize the air base and expand its runways to allow it to host more warplanes. It also intends to expand the Tartus facility significantly to make it a full-scale naval base capable of hosting warships, including cruiser-sized vessels.
After seeing troops march to the tunes of military marches, Putin drove up to the Russian warplanes parked on the runway and talked to the pilots, who said they will fly back home later in the day.
Syrian TV said Assad thanked Putin for his troops' "effective contribution" to the fight against terrorism in Syria, which he said the Syrian people "will never forget."
"Syria has been saved as a sovereign, independent state, refugees are coming home and conditions have been created for a political settlement under the United Nations' auspices," Putin said.
———
Associated Press writer Albert Aji in Damascus, Syria, contributed reporting.
Turkey's main opposition party has started a 400-km (250-mile) march from the capital to an Istanbul prison to protest the imprisonment of one of its lawmakers.
The leader of the pro-secular Republican People's Party, Kemal Kilicdaroglu, said Thursday he is seeking justice. He called the march after parliamentarian Enis Berberoglu was convicted to 25 years in prison for revealing state secrets.
With thousands gathered in protest, Kilicdaroglu said: "Everyone needs to defend the independence of the judiciary and justice in this country."
The guilty verdict for Berberoglu is part of a case that stems from a 2015 story by the Cumhuriyet newspaper suggesting Turkey's intelligence service had smuggled weapons to Islamist rebels in Syria.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi made a new appeal for calm on the Korean Peninsula on Tuesday and said he believes the United States would prefer a diplomatic resolution to the standoff.
Wang told reporters that although U.S. officials have made clear that a military strike remains on the table, he believes that Washington would still prefer to de-escalate tensions through multi-sided talks.
Wang's comments came amid a mounting war of words between Washington and Pyongyang. After U.S. Vice President Mike Pence visited the demilitarized zone in South Korea on Monday and warned that "all options are on the table," a senior North Korean official responded by accusing the United States of bringing the countries to the brink of thermonuclear war.
"We know the situation is tense," Wang said. "The more tense things are, the more calm we need to be to find the opportunities and possibilities for dialogue."
China has called for a return to multi-sided talks that ended in a stalemate in 2009, during the rule of North Korea's previous leader, Kim Jong Il.
Since entering office, President Donald Trump, like his predecessor, Barack Obama, has pressed China to use its political and economic leverage over North Korea, its once-close ally.
China has recently shown "tangible indications" that it is cooperating with the U.S. to turn up the pressure on Pyongyang, a senior State Department official said Monday.
Australia's prime minister also urged China to do more, saying Beijing has the "greatest obligation and responsibility" to de-escalate the threat from North Korea.
"The Chinese often express frustration with North Korea, and disappointment. But the fact is that they have the overwhelming leverage over the North Korea regime," Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull told reporters Tuesday in Canberra, Australia's capital. "So the eyes of the world are now on Beijing. Beijing has to step up and bring this reckless threat to the peace and stability of our region to an end."
The recent surge in tensions on the Korean Peninsula finds Beijing on the outs with both North and South Korea, while many critics have yet to be convinced by its insistence that its influence with Pyongyang has been exaggerated.
North Korea has repeatedly ignored China's calls for denuclearization and other steps to calm tensions on the peninsula, and relations between the two are believed to have sunk to their lowest level in years. China remains North Korea's chief source of fuel and food imports, but Pyongyang seems to have calculated that Beijing's fears of a collapse of Kim Jong-un's hard-line communist regime override any such snubs.
In a sign of Beijing's hardening attitude, the Global Times, a state-run tabloid, said in an editorial on Monday that China could enforce "stricter measures" against North Korea, including a ban on oil exports, or join a U.S.-led effort to block the North's access to international financial markets.
Wang, the foreign minister, declined on Tuesday to comment on the piece, saying Global Times editorials do not reflect official foreign policy.
Meanwhile, China's once-thriving relationship with South Korea has hit the rocks over Beijing's strenuous objections to Seoul's deploying of an advanced U.S. anti-missile system. Beijing says the system threatens its own security by allowing the U.S. to monitor flights and other activity in northeastern China. Beijing has retaliated against South Korean businesses, while its military has threatened to take unspecified action in response.
China's top negotiator for North Korea's nuclear program, Wu Dawei, held talks on the missile shield and North Korea's recent actions during a visit to Seoul last week. However, North Korea didn't respond to Wu's request to visit Pyongyang, according to South Korea's Yonhap news agency.
———
Associated Press writer Kristen Gelineau in Sydney contributed to this report.
OUAGADOUGOU, Burkina Faso (AP) — Burkina Faso's government says gunmen have killed two policemen who were patrolling a market in the West African nation's northern Baraboule district.
The government said Monday that police troops and anti-terrorist forces have been sent and are searching the area near Petegoli in Soum Province in search of the assailants.
Soum province is home to radicalized preacher Ibrahim Malam Dicko, who vowed to close all government administration in the north. His men have forced schools to close in several rural areas in Soum province.
The killings come amid mounting violence near Burkina Faso's border with Mali. Last week 26 people died after their truck hit explosives in Mali.
Extremists seem to be stepping up attacks after vows to prevent the deployment of a force of neighboring countries to fight extremism.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Sales of new U.S. homes jumped 4 percent in March, propelled by a surge of buying in the West.
The Commerce Department says sales last month were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 694,000. The two prior months had their sales revised upward with the annual rate being 667,000 in February and 644,000 in January. For the first three months of the year, sales are running 10.3 percent higher than a year ago.
The March increase was driven almost entirely by a 28.3 percent leap in sales in the West. New-home purchases rose slightly in the South, fell in the Midwest and plunged in the Northeast.
The median sales price of a new home rose 4.8 percent from a year ago to $337,200.
BANGKOK (AP) — Thailand's ruling military junta has filed charges against seven democracy activists for calling for elections and an end to military rule.
Police Lt. Col. Samak Panyawong said Tuesday that a junta representative had filed charges of sedition and violating a ban on political gatherings against the activists, who demonstrated on Saturday.
Thailand has been under military rule since a 2014 coup ousted an elected government. One of many oppressive laws the junta has imposed is a ban on political gatherings of over five people. Sedition, or illicit efforts to bring about change in the country's laws, is punishable by up to seven years in prison.
The junta has pushed back several promised election deadlines, and recently indicated that polls intended for 2018 may be delayed.
MANILA — Environment Secretary Regina Lopez's revved-up campaign against mining projects that allegedly have been violating laws and ruining bodies of water continues to rattle the capital market as regulators and investors try to make sense of what's happening.
OceanaGold Corp. said its Philippine unit has finally received an order calling for the suspension of the Didipio gold mine in Nueva Vizcaya, which Lopez announced last Feb. 2
The Australian company said in a statement the order repeated allegations previously made by the Department of Environment and Natural Resources.
ADVERTISEMENT
These include the “petition of the local government of Nueva Vizcaya for the cancellation of (the mining contract), alleged damages to houses caused by the blasting operation; and the potential adverse impact to the agricultural areas of the province.”
OceanaGold Philippines, one of the county's top producers of gold, was given a period of up to three months to address the issues raised against it.
The company said that upon receipt of the order, it filed an appeal directly with the Office of the President.
OceanaGold said the filing stayed the execution of the suspension order, adding that it anticipated Didipio to continue to operate during the appeal process.
“We have the strong endorsement from our host communities to operate and are a major employer of Filipino nationals, the majority of whom are from the local communities,” OceanaGold chief executive Mick Wilkes said. “A suspension of operations will adversely impact thousands of Filipinos directly and indirectly.”
At the Philippine Stock Exchange, at least six listed firms said mineral production sharing agreements (MPSAs) assigned to them or their subsidiaries were among the 75 contracts that Lopez on Tuesday said she wanted cancelled.
Apex Mining Co. Inc. said the list included the MPSA of its unit Itogon-Suyoc Resources, related to a tenement in Mankayan, Benguet.
Marcventures Holdings Inc. said its prospective merger partner Asia Pilot Mining Philippines Corp. got two subsidiaries in the list — Alumina Mining Philippines Inc. and Bauxite Resources Inc.
MacroAsia Corp. said it got two MPSAs on the list, but said it has not received any notice from DENR. The company said the two MPSAs related to projects both in the exploration stage.
Omico Corp said it got a 3-percent stake in Macawiwili Gold Mining and Development Co. Inc., with an MPSA in Itogon, Benguet the DENR chief want scrapped.
The Vulcan Industrial and Mining Corp. said its MPSA for a tenement in Negros Occidental was on the list but that it has not received any notice.
NiHao Mineral Resources International Inc. said its unit Mina Tierra Gracia Inc. — a tenement in Zambales — was “prepared to avail and exhaust the legal and administrative remedies to defend the MPSA.”
Last week, PSE president Hans Sicat said in a forum the DENR's earlier announcement relating to the orders to close 23 mines in commercial operation“may have been a worrisome trend if not very irresponsible.”
Sicat said the PSE feared that the announcement last Feb. 2 — which he described as a “trial by media release” — put at risk the financial and investment health not only of institutional investors but also of individual investors.
“We feared that listed companies may have lost wealth” because the
announcement caused confusion and misdirection, the PSE chief said.
Sicat said investors have been unhappy with the fact that not everyone had the same access to information. “We want to make sure that process and benchmarks are followed to prevent causing undue advantages or disadvantages (for market players),” he said.
Sicat said that from a macroeconomic perspective, “when a surprise announcement does not jive with the overall economic plan, one begins to question whether policymakers have a handle of the gameplan or whether a group or an individual has hijacked a well-thought (out) economic plan.” SFM
