Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A doctor who treated victims of the Grenfell Tower blaze has revealed the critical checks medics make while battling to save the life of a fire victim.
Dr Malcolm Tunnicliff, clinical director for emergency and acute care at King's College Hospital, in south London, dealt with 12 casualties from the deadly inferno.
He was asleep when his phone phone at 2.39am but by 3:30 he was treating the first wave of casualties from the 27-storey high rise.
The emergency medic said all had injuries caused by smoke inhalation, such as an inflammation of the airways called pneumonitis.
Thankfully no one was badly burned but every patient had carbon monoxide posioning.
Describing the efforts of his colleagues and the efficiency of the hospital's major incident plan as "brilliant", Dr Tunnicliff told the Guardian exactly what staff check for in the event of a fire.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: Channel 4)
"With fires we worry about patients suffering upper airway burns caused by breathing in hot smoke," he said. "To check for that you look for soot in the mouth, you listen to the patient's voice – is it hoarse? – and you check to see if their nasal hair has been singed from being directly exposed to fire.
"About half of our patients had that. Once you've diagnosed that you need to treat it quickly, because otherwise it might get worse, and you do so by giving someone a general anaesthetic.
"Some patients will be kept unconscious for a few days as a result.
"While they're unconscious they will be watched, kept well-hydrated via an intravenous drip – their throat is out of bounds because they have swelling there or in their airways – and very meticulous airway care."
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: The People)
Dr Tunnicliff also revealed staff were ready and waiting with cyanide poisoning kits as the foam found in old sofas and other upholsteries emits extremely dangerous toxins when burned.
When untreated foam is ignited, it burns extremely fast, reaching temperatures over 760 degrees celsius within minutes.
But what makes it even more deadly is the toxic gas produced when it burns.
Untreated foam emits hydrogen cyanide gas, which causes reduced oxygen, and when combined with carbon monoxide, is deadly.
Just one breath of superheated toxic gas can completely incapacitate a person.
(Photo: AFP)
Around 60 people were rushed to six hospitals across London this morning and scores of people are still missing.
Dr Tunnicliff said the injured at King's were a mixture of children and adults, both men and women, ranging in age from four or five to middle age.
As debris continued to tumble from the building this afternoon, one witness described seeing a "child on fire" jump from the 22nd floor as the blaze took hold.
Another, who lost friends in the inferno, broke down in tears during a TV interview and said: "We saw a lot. We saw a lot."
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: SWNS.com)
The last fire in London to claim more fatalities than Grenfell Tower was the Kings Cross London Underground blaze in 1987.
The cause of this morning's inferno is also still not known - as fire chiefs claimed the blaze was "unprecedented" in modern times, not least in terms of the speed it spread.
Workers in white overalls and suited men from funeral companies were spotted removing bodies from the scene in west London this afternoon.
Fire chiefs revealed they have made it to the top of the building - and have searched most of the flats but are now using drones because the tower's "structural integrity" is a concern.
They say they do not expect to find any more survivors at this stage.
(Photo: John Nguyen/JNVisuals)
(Photo: Rex Features)
Built in 1974, Grenfell Tower was recently refurbished at a cost of £8.6 million, with work completed in May last year.
Rydon, the firm that carried it out, said its work "met all required building control, fire regulation, and health and safety standards".
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said: "There will be a great many questions over the coming days as to the cause of this tragedy and I want to reassure Londoners that we will get all the answers."
Nick Paget-Brown, leader of Kensington and Chelsea Borough, said: "Clearly, looking further ahead there needs to be a full investigation into the cause of this fire, why it started and why it appears to have spread so rapidly."
The Metropolitan Police have set up a casualty bureau for anyone concerned about their friends and family on 0800 0961 233.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Kardashian-Jenners seem to be constantly surrounded by drama.
And model Kendall is the latest family member to find herself at the centre of a storm after her rumoured new boyfriend allegedly cheated on his current girlfriend Tinashe with the reality star.
According to Page Six , Victoria's Secret star Kendall is said to be dating 21-year-old NBA player Ben Simmons, who was previously dating the singer.
However, shortly after the story surfaced, Tinashe's younger brother had something to say about the rumoured new romance.
(Image: Rex Features)
“Never met you before in my life. days after u break my sis heart u do this… people all lied on her talking fake news about my sis *doing kardashian s**t * u cheat on her w a Jenner,” Tinashe's brother Kudzai wrote on Twitter in reply to the story.
Responding to another Twitter user, he also claimed Tinashe and the NBA star only split on Sunday.
Another one of Tinashe's brothers then retweeted his sibling.
(Image: kendalljenner/Instagram)
In late March Tinash told Billboard that Ben was "like my full boyfriend".
She added: “It was official before it was on [Instagram]; that was just when everyone else found out.”
On April 21, she posted a loved-up snap of them together and captioned it: "Thankful for you."
(Image: WENN.com)
Kendall was previously dating NBA star Blake Griffin. The pair first sparked dating rumours late last summer, but things had "cooled off" by February when Blake was traded from the Los Angeles Clippers to the Detroit Pistons.
According to People, they attended the same Coachella party in April but tried to keep their distance.
"They've definitely cooled off and are taking things at a slower pace, but not because of any particular drama,” a source told People earlier this year.
“He got traded and isn't local anymore, so they've grown apart a bit just because of distance.”
Mirror Online has contacted a representative for Kendall and Tinashe for comment.
OFF TO JAIL: Nicholas Raymond Trafford viciously bashed a man and will pay the price for it.
OFF TO JAIL: Nicholas Raymond Trafford viciously bashed a man and will pay the price for it. Contributed
ACTIONS have consequences and lives can be destroyed in seconds as one young CQ man learnt the hard way as he was led off to jail.
Not only had Nicholas Raymond Trafford, 20, wrecked his life but also his victim's face after a vicious blind-siding attack at a Puma service station on March 16, 2016.
On Tuesday morning, a solemn dread-locked Trafford had pleaded guilty to the charge of unlawfully doing grievous bodily harm (GBH) in the Rockhampton District Court.
The entire left side of the public gallery of the courtroom was packed with Trafford's family and supporters who were forced to watch a replay of the CCTV footage capturing the moment when Trafford dashed into the service station with his friend Nicholas Clyde Smithson to brutally bash a man.
The man had been in an argument with a drunken Trafford earlier in the night regarding a female who was known to both men. As he stood at the counter, the victim was punched from behind in the jaw before falling to the ground where he was further kicked and punched by Trafford before staff eventually intervened and he fled the scene.
The man suffered extensive injuries to the jaw and teeth, requiring $7485 worth of medical treatment including the insertion of a titanium plate.
Judge Michael Burnett had already sentenced Smithson for his lesser role in the bashing early last month, giving him probation and ordering him to pay compensation.
Police prosecutor Megan Jones explained how Trafford's criminal history was linked to alcohol abuse history.
She said not only was Trafford the main instigator of the offending which occurred in a public place involving multiple blows to an unsuspecting complainant but "there was an element of premeditation" as the victim was "essentially hunted down" and the "offending only ended with the intervention of third parties".
Mr Polley pointed to Trafford's troubled upbringing in a broken home which set him off on the wrong path in life, leaving home at the age of 14 before turning to a life abusing alcohol and drugs.
He said his client remembered little of the night in question and was both horrified and surprised watching the video.
Trafford wrote a letter expressing his remorse to the victim and was resolved to the reality of imprisonment.
Judge Burnett described the attack as a "most egregious assault" that was "short but brutal" and "disproportionate" to any perceived slight.
He described Trafford's behaviour as the "folly of youth" with a "failure to think through consequences" but said he had good prospects for rehabilitation.
The judge sentenced Trafford to three years imprisonment with a parole date of April 2, 2019 - in nine months time, with no order to pay compensation given Trafford's current unemployment.
1:17 Boswell downs Denton in Bi-District playoff Pause
0:20 Cowboys RB Ezekiel Elliott says Dez Bryant is about to take the league by storm
4:12 Jake Diekman talks surgery, recovery at Rangers camp
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
2:16 Institutional racism targeted by FWISD policy
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
1:51 American Airlines flight attendants: "Love AAfair is over!"
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
Adm. Ronny Jackson's nomination to become secretary of veterans affairs appears to be in limbo amid what one key lawmaker tells NPR's Morning Edition are "serious" but "unsubstantiated allegations."
The comments by Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., come a day before Jackson's nomination hearing before the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs. It was not clear if the hearing would go ahead as scheduled.
The senator declined to comment on the nature of the allegations against Jackson.
"We have been given a brief sketch of what they [the allegations] are, but I'd prefer not to discuss them at this time," Rounds tells NPR.
Rounds said that he and other members of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, had received a phone call from Chairman Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., over the weekend advising them "that he was in consultation with the White House and that he would let us know sometime during the early part of the week what the plans are going forward."
"The chairman is aware of [the allegations]. He's discussed them with the White House," Rounds said. "It's really up to the chairman as to what the next step would be — whether we continue on with the nomination process or if we hold up long enough to allow this to be vetted more fully before we bring it before the committee."
Rounds added: "These are serious allegations and they are ones we'd certainly want to get through."
Jackson currently serves as White House physician. He famously defused doubts about the health and fitness of President Trump in January, describing his medical condition in excessively glowing terms. He is a former combat surgeon who served with Navy bomb disposal units and instructed underwater salvage teams.
Trump picked Jackson to succeed David Shulkin, who was forced to resign as VA secretary after an inspector-general's report uncovered inappropriate expenses.
"Some Republican colleagues have told me that they think the hearing should be postponed, which certainly deserves consideration," Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., who is also a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, told The Associated Press.
"I think there may well be a need for more time, in fairness to Adm. Jackson, so he and the administration have an opportunity to answer these questions fully and fairly," Blumenthal said.
News of the postponement came a day after CIA Director Mike Pompeo, another Trump nominee who appeared in peril, was set on a glide path to approval as secretary of state clearing a key Senate committee.
A Tuesday conference on violence against women in Ireland revealed that almost 6,000 women and girls in the country have endured female genital mutilation.
In 2016, about 5,790 women and girls living in Ireland were subjected to some type of genital mutilation, a 53 percent increase compared to 2013.
According to Alwiye Xuseyn, manager of the Akina Dada wa Africa-AkiDwA (Swahili for "Sisterhood") organization, the estimates are based on 2016 data. The organization was established in Ireland in 2001 by a group of African women to support migrant women experiencing "isolation, racism and gender-based violence against women," its website states.
Female genital mutilation or circumcision is the removal of part or all of the external female genitalia and is a common practice among certain communities in 29 countries in western, eastern and northeastern Africa. The rite is considered in some communities to be an essential part of a woman's coming of age and is seen as a way of ensuring accepted community norms of sexual behavior and modesty and often a prerequisite for marriage.
It is considered a violation of human rights, as it can eliminate the possibility of sexual pleasure and can make sexual intercourse and childbirth painful and, in some cases, dangerous.
According to Dr. Katy Radford, director of the Institute for Conflict Resolution, the continued migration of women into Ireland from countries where female genital mutilation is performed has contributed to the rising numbers of women facing such violations.
Radford also told the Irish Times that it is "almost impossible to monitor" female genital mutilation because women may leave Ireland to have the procedure conducted in their home countries while on holiday.
"We are particularly uninformed about the extent of the practice. The safeguarding of girls and young women has to be a concern," Radford said.
© AP Photo/ Richard Drew Ireland is in Danger of Snap Elections Over Deputy PM's Role in Police Scandal
The conference held Tuesday, titled "Dare to Dialogue," was hosted by Akina Dada wa Africa-AkiDwAto raise awareness and engage men and faith leaders in strategies to curb male violence against women.
Alan O'Neill, a member of the Men's Development Network, an organization in Ireland that is committed to working in alliance with women's organizations to improve the lives of men and women, revealed that his organization has been hosting workshops for men to educate them on "toxic masculinity," male behaviours considered normal in patriarchal societies that are increasingly being seen as harmful to both men and women.
O'Neill also expressed his belief that changing how male and female roles are perceived in societies will take time.
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — Officials are investigating a shooting in Hartford that left one person dead on Monday afternoon.
According to police, the shooting took place at 188 Westland Street.
Officials say a 20-year-old Hartford man suffered multiple gunshot wounds while sitting in a vehicle. He was then transported to a local hospital where he was later pronounced dead. The victim's identity has not yet been released.
It is not known at this time if police have any suspects.
Those with information are asked to contact Hartford police at 860-757-4179.
News 8 will update this story with more information as it becomes available.
Volunteers sort through donations for hurricane relief Sunday at Chino Stars Barbershop in Richmond, Va. (Photo: JOE MAHONEY/TIMES-DISPATCH, AP)
It has been a hard week to be hopeful.
Images of chaos, terror and death in Las Vegas are inescapable. The sickening reality that a fellow human being butchered 59 people and wounded about 500 more leaves us numb.
Get beyond this atrocity and the news isn't much better.
Two weeks after Hurricane Maria, most Puerto Rico residents don't have electricity and few have potable water. The storm's official death toll has risen to 34, though most observers expect that number to rise.
In Delaware, Wilmington just broke the record for shootings, and there are still three months left in the year. On Monday, Tynesia Cephas' relatives marked what should have been her 17th birthday at her grave.
It's tempting to shut out the noise, to withdraw into our own lives. But there are people showing the noble side of humanity.
The Delaware Medical Relief Team, a corps of doctors, aides and other medical staff, have flown to Dominica, a small Caribbean island nation to help those injured by Hurricane Maria, which packed 160 mph winds
Their mission will be extraordinarily taxing — physically, mentally and emotionally. But after having watched this group's missions to Haiti and Nepal, we know they will save lives and do tremendous good, both for Dominicans and for themselves.
Helping others often does as much good for the one providing the service as the one receiving it.
We can all learn a lesson from these volunteers: We should not shrink in the face of tragedy, we should rise to meet it.
Not everyone has the skills or resources to do something on the scale of the medical relief team. But we all have ways to contribute.
Ask yourself: could I find the money to support organizations that are responding to these tragedies? Are there groups making a difference to which I can contribute in time and sweat?
You need not look to Las Vegas or Puerto Rico or Dominica, either. You could be a mentor to a Wilmington kid or a tutor at a high-needs school, and you might prevent another graveside birthday like Tynesia's.
You might volunteer for the Food Bank or the Ministry of Caring, and do your part to stop the daily catastrophes of hunger and homelessness.
This week's tragedies and terrors threaten to create a sense of helplessness and hopelessness. But we are only helpless if we want to be.
And for every person who acts, the world becomes a little less hopeless.
The News Journal's editorial opinions are decided by its editorial board, which is separate from the news staff.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/opinion/editorials/2017/10/06/we-not-helpless-face-tragedy-editorial/732087001/
Dickson County Sheriff Jeff Bledsoe pauses during a press conference as he talks about Sgt. Daniel Baker who was shot and killed Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Authorities are searching for a suspect, according to the Tennessee Highway Patrol.
Lacy Atkins / The Tennessean
DICKSON, Tenn. — A manhunt continued into the evening for a man wanted in the killing of a sheriff's deputy Wednesday morning in rural Tennessee.
Meanwhile, woman was charged Wednesday night for her alleged involvement in the crime.
Dickson County Sheriff Jeff Bledsoe identified the deceased deputy as 32-year-old Sgt. Daniel Baker, a 10-year veteran of the department with a record of heroism who had also served in the Marines.
Details about what transpired during the shooting were sparse, but the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation identified the suspect as 31-year-old Steven Wiggins, a felon with a violent criminal history who was wanted on multiple warrants at the time of the shooting. He remained at large late Wednesday night.
Sgt. Daniel Baker
File photo
At 9:30 p.m., TBI announced that agents had arrested Erika Castro-Miles, a 39-year-old Dickson woman who had been detained earlier in the day. She was charged with first-degree murder and is being held in the Dickson County jail.
In a statement, TBI reported that Castro-Miles was an acquaintance of Wiggins and investigators had received information that she "participated in the incident."
Baker leaves behind a wife and daughter, Bledsoe said.
"He's one of the guys who put his life on the line every day to keep the community safe ... he was doing that today," Bledsoe said Wednesday as he fought back tears.
"Not only has our agency lost a brother, but our community has lost a hero."
Steven Wiggins mugshot from a 2017 arrest in Williamson County
TBI
The incident began at about 7 a.m., when a man reported seeing a suspicious vehicle, TBI spokeswoman Susan Niland said.
Baker responded to the call, but after a period of time, failed to check in with dispatchers, said Josh Locke, acting TBI director.
An officer with another agency was able to find the vehicle in a wooded area about two miles away from the initial call, according to TBI.
Baker was found dead inside.
Niland said authorities quickly identified Wiggins using video surveillance.
Residents on Wednesday were being asked to stay inside as law enforcement officers searched for Wiggins in a 3-mile radius from where Baker's vehicle was found.
Helicopters from the highway patrol and the Williamson County Sheriff's Office were also being used in the search.
We're issuing a Tennessee Blue Alert for Steven Wiggins, the person-of-interest in the shooting death of a Dickson County sheriff's deputy. He is believed to be armed and dangerous.
Spot him? Call 911! pic.twitter.com/Aj8oxy06hd — TBI (@TBInvestigation) May 30, 2018
Wednesday evening, Baker's body was escorted by a procession of law enforcement vehicles as it was transported to the Medical Examiner's office in Nashville.
TBI, the lead agency in the investigation, added Wiggins to its Top 10 Most Wanted list late Wednesday morning.
Bledsoe urged Wiggins to surrender to law enforcement.
"He needs to be held accountable for what we know he has done," Bledsoe said. "He has the option to do the right thing. People make mistakes, and people do things that are terrible, and this is an evil deed that he's done, but now he can show people that there's still something left in him by turning himself in."
At the time of the shooting, records show Wiggins had active warrants issued out of two counties, including one in Dickson County for failure to appear in court stemming from February charges of possession of meth and possession of drug paraphernalia.
The Williamson County warrant stems from a July 2016 incident in which he held a girlfriend at knifepoint. In that case he pleaded guilty to charges of especially aggravated kidnapping, assault and false imprisonment, and was sentenced to five years of probation in December, but failed to report to his probation officer.
Baker's family, at his home in Dickson on Wednesday afternoon, requested privacy.
Baker came from a family of law enforcement officers.
He started his career at the sheriff's office in 2008 and made headlines when he chased and caught a drunken man who fired a gun in the parking lot of a Mary Poppins play at the Dickson Renaissance Center in March.
In 2013, Baker also helped rescue a woman who was trapped in a truck that overturned in a creek. Baker and another Deputy, Katelynd Scott, waded into waist-deep water to help free the woman, who was trapped under the water, according to a police report.
Contributing: Emily West, Brett Kelman and Elaina Sauber
Follow Natalie Neysa Alund on Twitter: @nataliealund
Dickson County deputy killed in shooting, manhunt underway People watch as an ambulance carrying the body of 32-year-old Dickson County Sgt. Daniel Baker is escorted by police cars on Highway 46, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Dickson, Tenn. Baker, a 10-year veteran of the department, was killed in the line of duty Wednesday morning. 01 / 26 People watch as an ambulance carrying the body of 32-year-old Dickson County Sgt. Daniel Baker is escorted by police cars on Highway 46, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Dickson, Tenn. Baker, a 10-year veteran of the department, was killed in the line of duty Wednesday morning. 01 / 26
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
In accordance with the health policy of the Punjab government, as many as 513 charge nurses have assumed their duties in Lahore General Hospital after their selection by the Punjab Public Service Commission.
The recruitment of these nurses has not only provided employment to hundreds of families but will go a long way to enhance the standard of health care in the hospital.
Post Graduate Medical Institute Principal Prof Ghiyas Un Nabi Tayyab said that the nursing administration has been directed to arrange daily lectures for the newly recruited nurses to inform them of government health policies, infection control, campaigns against dengue, polio, and other diseases, and nurse-patient interaction.
He also said that the educational documents of the newly selected nurses would be verified from the concerned educational boards at the earliest.
I never would have agreed to the formulation of the Central Intelligence Agency back in '47, if I had known it would become the American Gestapo.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Courtesy of the Dartmouth Police Department
Courtesy of the Dartmouth Police Department
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
DARTMOUTH, M.A. (WLNE) — Dartmouth Police worked to free a woman who was trapped inside her vehicle after it rolled over Wednesday afternoon.
Officers responded to Reed Road around 2:00 p.m., for the report of a single rollover.
The occupant, identified as a woman from Westport, sustained minor injuries.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
Racist President Trump during a speech meant to celebrate Hispanic Heritage month instead mocked Puerto Ricans and Hispanics alike, and people laughed.
Donald Trump's racist interactions with the people of Puerto Rico and his lack of concern for their well-being demonstrate his inability to connect with the people of the United States, especially if they are people of color.
During a press conference celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month, Trump gave another unsurprising, but equally disgusting, racist speech mentioning Puerto Rico.
The President, mocked Latinx during a speech celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month when he said Puerto Rico twice in an over-exaggerated Hispanic accent, prompting laughter. He then corrected his Hispanic accented “Puerto Rico” with his natural accent.
Trump uses a Spanish accent to say "Puerto Rico" twice during a Hispanic Heritage Month event pic.twitter.com/v5qFTiqSjM — BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) October 6, 2017
Make no mistake; this was not the President's attempt at pronouncing Puerto Rico in an accent that is respectful of their culture. His mannerisms make that very clear.
Trump waits for a response, it is obviously a joke. He's mocking Puerto Ricans and their accents, further alienating their people and separating their plights from one that is “American.”
In Jane Hill's sociological study, she notes that when a dominant, Anglo group mocks Spanish language or Spanish accents, they're reinforcing a sense of humor, and the superiority of “whiteness.” Not only that, they're further alienating Spanish-speakers from American society.
That's exactly what Trump did in his speech that was meant to celebrate Hispanics. Instead, he mocked their language, their people, and their culture, and ultimately their place in the United States. Not to mention, Trump doesn't exactly have a strong history with the Latinx population in the United States. He started his Presidential campaign by stating that when Mexico sends their people to the U.S., “they're not sending their best.”
At a time when Trump should have been healing the divide he's created between his administration and the Latinx population in the United States, he degraded their language, and ultimately the people themselves.
He masks his racism with humor, and of course, there are people that will say, “Why can't you take a joke?” That though, is essentially why it is so racist in the first place. By masking the mocking with humor, Trump is essentially making it ok to make fun of the Spanish language, and thus the people associated with that language.
This coupled with his gross disregard for the suffering that Puerto Rico is currently facing, is appalling.
Meanwhile, 34 people are confirmed to have died in the two weeks following Hurricane Maria's devastation on the island, and two of those have been cited as suicides.
Students and staff at Ponce Health Sciences University are visiting people in the hardest-hit communities in Puerto Rico to provide psychological help, Alex Ruiz, special assistant to the university's president told CBS News.
"People's whole worlds were taken from them," Ruiz said. "People will need the proper psychological help to get through this."
The Puerto Rican people are facing extreme power outages, lack of air conditioning, poor road conditions, and flooding – they've lost everything, and as American citizens they deserve more.
Trump however, due to his racism towards people of color and general lack of compassion for human beings, will no doubt fail to provide the support the people need.
When a President mocks a marginalized group on national television, and gets a laugh, it's a sign that our nation is perhaps more troubled than we originally thought.
Read More Trump Gives Condescending Speech, Throws Paper Towels At Puerto Ricans
Banner / Thumbnail : Reuters, Kevin Lamarque
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The devastated family of murder victim Sam Mechelewski said there will be no forgiveness for the person responsible.
In a heartbreaking statement the family urged the person who killed Sam, 20, to come forward and take responsibility.
Police launched a murder investigation after Sam's body was found by a member of the public in a wooded area of Hinchingbrooke Country Park at 1.40pm on Thursday (February 1).
Police said a postmortem examination was carried out on Friday night, but detectives have not released details of how Sam died.
In a statement, Sam's family said: “The last 24 hours have been the worst of our lives. Sam will be greatly missed by his family and friends.
“Sam was no angel, but his life should not have ended this way. If anyone has information please contact the police.
“We have no forgiveness for the person who has done this, but you are also someone's child. I urge you to come forward and take responsibility for your actions.”
Detectives are now appealing for information
Cambridge police are conducting searches close to the scene and house to house enquiries in the area.
Detective Chief Inspector Adam Gallop said: “We believe this was a targeted attack that has sadly resulted in the death of a young man.
“We're slowly piecing together Sam's movements from 8pm onwards on Wednesday (January 31). I appeal to anyone who knows Sam and saw him that evening, or anyone who was in the park and noticed anything suspicious, to contact us as a matter of urgency.”
Sam was of no fixed abode but was known to be residing in the Huntingdon area.
Anyone with information regarding this incident should call police on 101 quoting CC-01022018-0198 or visit here.
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org .
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) — No matter how much their fans imagined Giancarlo Stanton bashing balls over the Green Monster, the Boston Red Sox never came close to getting the NL MVP.
But does anyone really expect the Red Sox or the Cubs and other top contenders to stand still after seeing the slugger join the dreaded New York Yankees?
“We're looking for a middle of the order bat,” Dave Dombrowski, Boston's president of baseball operations, said Monday at the winter meetings. “That hasn't changed. First base or DH.”
A couple of big hitters just happen to be available, too.
Advertisement
J.D. Martinez, who launched four home runs in a game for Arizona last season, is a free agent. So is Eric Hosmer, coming off a career year in Kansas City.
Who knows, maybe the Cubs think bopper Kyle Schwarber might fit better somewhere else. Chicago already seems to have a target at this swap-and-sign gathering: pitcher Alex Cobb, who could possibly take Jake Arrieta's spot in the rotation for the NL Central champs.
Remember, Dombrowski pulled off a lightning strike at these meetings last year, getting ace Chris Sale from the White Sox. And certainly the Red Sox could use power — they won the AL East despite hitting a major league-low 168 homers.
Stanton thumped 59 homers for Miami. With a no-trade clause in his contract, he gave the Marlins a list of teams where he'd be willing to go — Yankees, Astros, Dodgers and Cubs, the clubs that reached the AL and NL Championship Series.
“They're winners. They're young and they're in a good position to win for a long time, and I lost for a long time,” the 28-year-old outfielder said. “So I want to change that dynamic and be a winner.”
Dombrowski said the Red Sox weren't in the Marlins mix, with Mookie Betts, Jackie Bradley Jr. and Andrew Benintendi in the lineup.
“I think their basic conversations with us, they looked at our outfield and thought they really probably weren't a fit for our ballclub,” Dombrowski said.
The last-place Phillies got busy, reacquiring reliever Pat Neshek.
A person familiar with the deal told The Associated Press that Neshek will get a $16.5 million, two-year contact pending a successful physical. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because there was no official announcement on the agreement.
The 37-year-old Neshek was an All-Star last year in his first season in Philadelphia. The Phillies traded the side-slinging righty to playoff-contending Colorado in late July for three prospects.
Texas reached a $4 million, two-year deal with right-handed reliever Chris Martin, a person with knowledge of the contract told the AP. Martin spent the last two seasons in Japan after stints with the Yankees and Colorado.
Also, the Oakland Athletics traded infielder Joey Wendle to Tampa Bay for a player to be named or cash.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
University students inspired by hit TV show 'Breaking Bad' sold over $1 million worth of drugs around the world on the ‘dark web'.
The gang took payment in the form of electronic cryptocurrency Bitcoin and splashed out on holidays in Jamaica, the Bahamas and Amsterdam - until they were snared by the FBI.
Operating from a city centre flat, the students, from the University of Manchester, dealt esctasy, the hallucinogens LSD and 2CB, and ketamine across Europe and to customers in America, Australia and New Zealand.
Inspired by Walter White - the chemistry teacher who turned to drug dealing in cult TV show Breaking Bad - the gang consisted of pharmacology, computer science, petrochemical engineering, geology and marketing undergrads, the Manchester Evening News reports.
(Image: STEVE ALLEN)
The operation was led by Basil Assaf, now 26, a former grammar school pupil from leafy Buckinghamshire.
Now he and four student mates face lengthy jail sentences after admitting a catalogue of offences at Manchester Crown Court.
Assaf's lawyer said that at the time of his offending, the defendant believed his dealing was 'morally defensible' because recreational drugs were 'ubiquitous' at the university."
Assaf set up the gang's account on the Silk Road, an underworld marketplace which ran on the Dark Web - the part of the internet unseen by ordinary browsers - for over two-and-a-half years until the FBI shut it down.
The drugs were sourced from Belgium, China, Germany, the Netherlands and Pakistan.
(Image: STEVE ALLEN)
The value of the gang's sales was at least $1.14m, but their profits are likely to have risen exponentially because they took payment in Bitcoin (BTC), the electronic currency which rose in value by 1,000 per cent in 2017, and is free from government and central bank control.
In messages recovered during the investigation Assaf boasted that ‘no one could find out how many bitcoins accumulated and are stored elsewhere'.
In another message Assaf said he was ‘more than happy to do time for all of this. if btc continues going up whilst we're inside there's a chance we'll come out with mills'.
Prosecutors have so far been unable to trace his Bitcoin.
The gang's dealings on the dark web included the sale of about 240,000 ecstasy tablets, with a street value of just under £750,000, Manchester Crown Court heard.
The gang ran their worldwide operation for two-and-a-half years from May 2011 to October 2013, after starting to take drugs at university.
(Image: STEVE ALLEN)
“Their common interest in taking controlled drugs quickly grew into a business selling drugs to other students in Manchester,” prosecutor William Baker said.
They advertised with photographs of the drugs, a description and the price on the Silk Road, before fulfilling orders in the post.
Assaf, 26, was the ‘prime mover', running the Silk Road account and preparing and posting drugs.
Geology student Elliot Hyams, 26, who had been at school with Assaf at Dr Challoner's Grammar in Amersham, was involved in the underworld start-up, but was thrown out after Assaf ‘lost patience' with him.
James Roden, 25, who read computer science, and Jaikishen Patel, 26, who studied pharmacology, were both involved with the Silk Road account and the buying and supplying of drugs.
Meanwhile, marketing student Joshua Morgan, 28, played the least role, sometimes packaging drugs for export.
The group were caught out following by an FBI investigation into the Silk Road, which shut down the website after seizing its servers in Iceland.
On the same day, in October 2013, Assaf and Roden were arrested after a raid on their city centre flat in Lower Ormond Street by the National Crime Agency, a flat described as the ‘hub of the enterprise' in court.
The flat, described as a ‘drug dealing factory', included laptops which were used to access the dark web, thousands of pounds worth of cash, a baseball bat next to the front door as well as LSD, ecstacy, 2CB, ketamine and diazepam.
(Image: STEVE ALLEN)
The court heard the gang enjoyed a ‘lifestyle far above that of typical students' - partying in Jamaica, the Bahamas and Europe and drinking Veuve Clicquot champagne.
Petrochemical engineering student Assaf boasted that he was able to buy a Manchester city centre flat and pay for his university education.
In the summer of 2011 Assaf, Hyams and Patel went on holiday to Jamaica and then in March and April 2012 Assaf and Hyams travelled to Amsterdam with their drugs suppliers.
A photograph taken on a holiday to the Bahamas in summer 2012 included an image of a baseball cap which had ‘Billionaire Boys Club' written on it.
An image of a flask recovered from Roden's phone featured an image of the TV character Walter White from Breaking Bad, a ‘running joke' between the defendants, the court heard.
Before the offending period, in a message to a friend Assaf said ‘I thought I killed a girl' after an 18-year-old woman was rushed to hospital after taking ecstasy in a nightclub.
(Image: AMC)
In the message, he wrote: “I can tell you some pretty scary stories - when I was dealing I thought I killed a girl who I grew up with.”
Defending Assaf, Alistair Webster QC, said his client got into dealing after taking drugs himself at university, and saw the dark web as a ‘safe' way of getting hold of drugs.
Mr Webster said: “It was his view at the time of the events in question that with the use of drugs ubiquitous in the university, that what he and his friends were doing was morally defensible.”
Hyams' barrister, James Pickup QC, said that Assaf had taken advantage of his school friend, who he said had been bullied at school and was ‘naive' and ‘weak willed'.
Mr Pickup claimed Hyams was ‘used' and ‘manipulated' by Assaf.
Assaf and Hyams pleaded guilty to ten drugs offences, including conspiracy to export, import and supply controlled drugs, as well as possession with intent to supply and conspiracy to supply LSD.
Roden and Patel admitted nine drugs offences, and Morgan admitted assisting an offender.
The defendants will be sentenced on Tuesday.
Sgt. Herbert Creecy, a motor transport mechanic with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force Crisis Response-Africa, fixes a curtain in a cathedral at a soup kitchen in Catania, Italy, Dec. 29, 2016. Marines and sailors volunteered their time to help clean up the area and serve food during the holiday season. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alexander Mitchell/released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.29.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 09:25 Photo ID: 3083005 VIRIN: 161229-M-ML847-122 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 14.75 MB Location: CATANIA, IT Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Marines, sailors volunteer at soup kitchen in Italy [Image 1 of 12], by Cpl Alexander Mitchell, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Families of inmates at St Albans Prison in Port Elizabeth are now being allowed to visit their loved ones as the lock down is being lifted to a certain extent.
The lock down at the prison has been partially lifted after three prisoners were killed and 20 injured during violent skirmishes on December 26 last year.
Provincial commissioner Nkosinathi Breakfast yesterday said that while inmates were being allowed to interact with their relatives, security remained tight.
“We have partially lifted the lock down allowing offenders to make calls to their families. We won't allow any issues of ill discipline. The security remains tight but we are allowing families of those inside to visit them.
“We have seen more and more families coming to visit their loved ones. Families need to understand that they play a role in ensuring stability in our facilities,” he said.
The fighting began when 33 prisoners attacked prison guards in the dining hall. The fight claimed the lives of three inmates. One person died in a prison clinic, while two died while being transferred to Livingstone Hospital.
Four prisoners remain in hospital. Of the prison officials 13 also sustained injuries during the fight.
Breakfast said that the prisoners were also taking their food after reports of a hunger strike emerged at the weekend.
He denied that inmates had embarked on a hunger strike. “There has not been a hunger strike in our facility. The only issue that has been happening is that inmates were not taking food from the prison. They have only been taking food which is in their cells and buying from our shops,” he said.
Breakfast said that only two prisoners were still not taking food from the prison.
“Prisoners have to declare in writing that they will be taking part in a hunger strike before doing so. We don't think this was a hunger strike,” he said.
He said that the department of correctional services was hoping to complete the investigation launched into the violence within a month.
Overcrowding and gangsterism in the country's prisons have been identified as one of the serious problems facing the country. Breakfast has also conceded that the department was battling to deal with overcrowding. “Overcrowding is beyond our control, we can't refuse prisoners when they are sent to our facilities. Another problem is that when prisoners qualify for parole, their families say they are not ready for them.
“Shortage of staff is another factor,” Breakfast said. The Police and Prisons Civil Rights Union has expressed concern about staff shortages in facilities.
ZODIDI MHLANA
zodidim@thenewage.co.za
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Drug dealers in Cambridgeshire have been selling Class A drugs laced with bleach to children, according to police intelligence.
Information shared with officers suggests MDMA in the shape of mini-grenades is being peddled in the community.
Partner agencies and members of the public have helped support Cambridgeshire police's Operation Cippus.
Four people were arrested in a drugs raids in Wisbech today (April 24) as part of the operation.
Three men, aged, 26, 30 and 36 and a 30-year-old woman, all from Wisbech, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.
The individuals all remain in custody at the Police Investigation Centre in King's Lynn.
Last month, the News joined detectives on a drugs raid on a property in Cambridge where dealers were pushing heroin and crack cocaine.
That operation came as the screw is being tightened on dealers taking over homes of disabled, elderly and vulnerable people to use as bases in Cambridge.
MISSING: The father and son duo were last seen in Mount Gravatt on Friday.
POLICE are appealing for public assistance to help locate a missing father and son from Mount Gravatt, who may be on the Northern Rivers.
The pair were last seen in the vicinity of the Mount Gravatt Lookout at 4.30pm on Friday June 9 in a white Ford transit van.
Family last spoke with the man on June 10, however he and the boy have not been seen or heard from since.
Police and family hold concerns for their welfare due to the absence of contact being out of character.
The 56-year-old man is described as Caucasian in appearance, 163 cm tall, slim build and grey hair.
The 8-year-old boy is described Caucasian in appearance, 100 cm tall, heavy build and brown hair.
Information suggests that the pair may have travelled to Lismore on June 13.
Any members of the public who may have information in relation to the whereabouts of the man and boy are asked to contact police.
If you have information for police, contact Policelink on 131 444 or provide information using the online form 24 hours per day.
You can report information about crime anonymously to Crime Stoppers by calling 1800 333 000 or via crimestoppersqld.com.au 24hrs per day.
By Camille A. Aguinaldo
THE SENATE on Monday approved on third and final reading the unified national identification system bill, a priority measure for the Legislative Executive Development Advisory Council (LEDAC) together with the coconut levy trust fund bill that the Senate also approved Monday.
Senate Bill No. 1738 or the proposed Philippine Identification System Act of 2018 was approved with 17 affirmative votes, two negative votes by Senators Francis N. Pangilinan and Ana Theresia N. Hontiveros-Baraquel and no abstention.
The national ID system bill seeks to institutionalize a single official identification for all citizens and foreign residents in the country.
Under the proposed measure, a “PhilSys Number” is assigned for each individual which will be incorporated in all identification systems of government agencies. The Philippine Statistics Authority (PSA) is mandated to act as the “PhilSys Registry.”
Senator Panfilo M. Lacson, who sponsored the bill, said the measure could help law enforcers deter criminality and terrorism by facilitating the processes of apprehension and prosecution.
“An important feature of this proposed legislation is the concept of authentication or the process of verifying, whether online or offline, the identity of an individual against the registry information in the PhilSys or the PhilID,” Mr. Lacson said in a statement.
He also assured the individual's right to privacy would be protected as the bill mentioned that the PhilSys number would only be released upon the consent of the registered person, upon the risk of public health and safety, upon order of the court and when the registered person requests access.
Once passed into law, Mr. Lacson said the National ID system is expected to be rolled out in 2019 as the Department of Budget and Management (DBM) has allotted P2 billion for its implementation.
FLINT (WWJ) – It was supposed to be a romantic Las Vegas wedding getaway; but instead, a Flint couple found themselves running for their lives in what they describe as the most horrifying experience imaginable.
“It's something that will never stop replaying in my head, 24 hours a day,” 43-year-old Tavahree Blassingame said.
He and his wife Cristle, married for just two days, were on their way into a casino hotel, the night of the October 1 mass shooting, when they were pushed out back into the streets.
“The crowd, they were like ‘Active shooter!' This was at New York; which is right by the Mandalay…and we ended up having to run right to where he was shooting at,” he told WWJ's Chrystal Knight.
“We heard shots: Te-te-te-te-te! Te-te-te-te-te!” Blassingame said, describing what he called a massacre zone. “The cop is down, he's deceased. Hundreds of bodies laying down on the ground, face down; some dying, some just screaming for life.”
As they fled the gunfire, Blassingame was hit by a car and suffered a mild heart attack. At once point the panicked crowd began to trample Cristle, who had an asthma attack and fell in the street.
“I brought out the asthma pump and nothing was working,” she said. “So all of a sudden my husband came back and got me and he said, ‘I'm here to protect you, I'm your husband.'”
Blassingame picked her up and they ran hand-in-hand to safety behind the T-Mobile Arena about a mile a way. From there the newlyweds were taken by EMS to a Vegas hospital.
“I'm seeing people coming in bloody; the whole hospital just bloody. They're coming in four or five at a time; some deceased, some just fighting for their life, Blassingame said.
Now back home in Flint, Blassingame said he has been unable to sleep, fears going out and plans to seek counseling.
“I don't really want to be around nothing where there's more than like two people at, because I feel like something is going to happen. It's just real horrifying; it's nerve-wracking.”
CBS News reports an investigation is ongoing into the background of the gunman, Stephen Paddock who opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival, killing 58 people and wounding more than 450 others. Police found Paddock dead in the hotel room on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel, where shot hundreds of rounds at the crowd of over 20,000 people.
DOHA, Qatar (AP) — Defending champion Novak Djokovic had a slow start to his first match of 2017 before prevailing 7-6 (1), 6-3 over Jan-Lennard Struff in the first round of the Qatar Open on Monday.
Second-seeded Djokovic trailed 4-0 in the opener before recovering to 5-5 and finally finding his form in the tiebreaker, where his 63rd-ranked German opponent won only one point.
The second-ranked Serb broke serve in the first and last games of the second set to close out the match.
Djokovic next plays either Horacio Zeballos or Florian Mayer in the second round.
Advertisement
Top-seeded Andy Murray plays 69th-ranked Jeremy Chardy of France in his opener on Tuesday.
Murray, who took the top ranking from Djokovic at the end of last year, was in action on Monday with Mariusz Fyrstenberg in the doubles. The pair lost to David Marrero and Nenad Zimonjic 6-2, 6-4.
Back in May, the Moto C and C Plus smartphones were announced officially. Following this, the Moto C was launched in India at a price of Rs. 5,999.
Now, it looks like the Moto C Plus' India launch is nearing. We say this as the company has taken to its official Twitter handle to confirm the device's release in the country. Moto India has teased that the Moto C Plus is coming soon to India with a tweet. The tweet reads, "Yes, it'll never let you run out of juice. Yes, it's THAT charged!" Following this, the company sent out invites for an event to happen in New Delhi on June 19.
The series of events have made us believe that the Moto C Plus might be launched in India on June 19. Also, the device is likely to be priced in the budget smartphone segment.
To remind you of the specifications, the Moto C Plus is fitted with a 5-inch display with HD 1280×720 pixel resolution. On the hardware front, the smartphone employs a 64-bit 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek chipset teamed up with 1GB RAM and 16GB storage capacity.
The Moto C Plus flaunts an 8MP main snapper at its rear and a 2MP selfie camera with selfie flash. The plus variant has an 8MP main snapper that is claimed to perform pretty well even under low ambient light conditions. The handset gets the power from a capacious 4000mAh battery that is claimed to give a backup of up to 30 hours to the device.
If the Moto C Plus is released in India in the budget smartphone market, the device will surely get a good traction among the buyers and will compete against the best-sellers such as Xiaomi Redmi 4 and the newly launched Nokia 3 that will be available from June 16.
We at GizBot had earlier reported that Alcatel is working on announcing five new smartphones in the days ahead, out of which idol 5S will be unveiled at MWC 2017. Well, the fresh reports surfacing the web shows that Alcatel might also announce the idol 5 Pro, alongside the idol 5S.
Roland Quandt in his Twitter handle confirms the report by posting: "Know why the Idol 5S isn't top of the line? Cause there will be an Alcatel Idol 5 Pro. And it now runs Android, not Windows 10."
The tweet clearly mentions that the upcoming Alcatel Idol 5 Pro will feature Android operating system, instead of Windows 10. Well, other than this, Roland didn't any further information about the Alcatel Idol 5 Pro.
Know why the Idol 5S isn't top of the line? Cause there will be an Alcatel Idol 5 Pro. And it now runs Android, not Windows 10. — Roland Quandt (@rquandt) February 14, 2017
Well, this should be taken with a pinch of salt, as the smartphone vendor is yet to confirm the rumors for now.
Further recalling about Alcatel Idol 5S, there have been a lot of speculations about the smartphone for quite some days now. The smartphone was lately spotted on GeekBench, where the listing revealed that the Idol 5S will be powered by Helio P20 1.69 GHz octa-core processor and run on the latest Android 7.0 Nougat.
Alongside these devices, Alcatel may also unveil several others, however, for now, there's no confirm report on that.
Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emmerdale viewers were furious after Emma Barton's fate was finally revealed in tonight's episode.
Fans of the ITV soap were left guessing what Emma's next move would be after she climbed up on to the viaduct - and discovered that she did in fact die.
Just before she was about to commit suicide, Emma spoke to a hallucination of her son Finn, and claimed she was still going through with her plan but needed to pray first.
Emma kept repeating "just do it" as she teetered on top of the viaduct, before plunging to her death in a manner that mirrored the death of husband James.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
However, that was not the end for the psycho, as after the ad break it was revealed she was still alive.
Emma was lying on the floor with her eyes open and still moving despite her dramatic fall.
While visions of James and Finn appeared next to her, Emma said: "I don't think I can hold on much longer."
She then appeared to actually die - for good this time.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Emmerdale viewers took to Twitter after Emma's 'disappointing' death.
One viewer said: "Was rather hoping Emma would be dragged away kicking and screaming #Emmerdale"
Another added: "We deserved justice after what Emma has done. What a poor way to end this overly drawn out storyline. #Emmerdale"
A third said: "That can't be the end of Emma - yet! Her sons need to be able to confront her for everything she has done.It's too easy.#Emmerdale" #EmmaDale
(Image: ITV)
The psycho, who had stolen Moira's son from hospital, discovered that her son Finn Barton had died by hearing the tragic news on the radio.
A guilt-ridden Emma broke down realising she was responsible for his death, before getting ready to take her own life on the viaduct.
Emma left her newborn baby grandson in the church before seemingly getting ready to jump to her death from a bridge.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Before her death, Emma's secret was exposed when Moira woke up and told Victoria and Faith that she murdered James.
Moira panicked after regaining consciousness and discovering her baby had been kidnapped by her nemesis.
She claimed her child was not safe with Emma, so decided to head home and load up her shotgun.
Victoria then rang to reveal to Moira that her baby had been found by Harriet in the church.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Emma's death was being the second of the week, as viewers were stunned after Finn died just minutes into tonight's episode.
The fan favourite, who had been shot by his psycho mum Emma, tragically passed away in hospital after flatlining at the end of Wednesday night's episode.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Viewers' worst fears were confirmed when Finn was confirmed dead, with the doctors unable to resuscitate him.
While Ross, Pete and Victoria were left in floods of tears, Emma was unaware she had caused the death of her own son as she fled the hospital with Moira's baby.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Emma stole nemesis Moira's newborn son, who she helped delivered next to the burning barn, from hospital in Wednesday night's episode.
Speaking to a vision of her dead husband James, a psychotic Emma admitted she just wanted to hold her grandson in her arms and "tell him everything is going to be ok."
Dressed in a white nurses outfit, she then evaded Ross and Pete, who had come to meet his surprise son, before stealing the baby and escaping.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Picking up her grandson, Emma said: "It's ok beautiful boy, I've got you, and nanny is going to take great care of you."
Checking the coast was clear, she then took the baby out of the ward and escaped through a hospital entrance, unaware that her son Finn was going into cardiac arrest.
This came after Emma's foreboding chat to the vision of James as she sat in her car at a service station.
Speaking about her grandson, she said: "You should see him, he's so beautiful even though he is hers. The Lord certainly works in mysterious ways. I just want to hold him, just tell him everything is going to be ok."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Moira shocked viewers this week after claiming that her nephew Pete was the father of her baby.
After a massive explosion, Moira lay trapped as the blaze grew, she screamed out to her nemesis Emma for help.
"The baby, you have to help me!" She called out, but Emma was in disbelief and told him to stop saying that.
She insisted that she was, before shockingly revealing: "It's Pete! Pete's the father!"
This came after Monday's episode, during which viewers were left in disbelief after finding out the shock baby news.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Emma had confronted her nemesis about James and confessed to murdering her husband because of Moira.
The barn went up in flames after an epic struggle with a pitchfork which then knocked out a light.
Moira got to her feet to make the shocking revelation that she is going into labour before being thrown across the room by a big blast.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
After a tense struggle with Emma, she said: "I think I'm having a baby."
A confused Emma asked "what" before a dramatic explosion sent the pair flying across the barn.
Moira was then left trapped under a pile of wood while she went into labour.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Actress Gillian Kearney, who plays psycho Emma, revealed the reason why she Emma fled the scene - despite saving Moira's life and delivering her baby.
"She's just about to call the ambulance to help Moira when Adam arrives and thinks the worst," Gillian revealed. "She doesn't believe that he won't believe that he's done damage to Moira, so she runs off.
"She just thinks, 'I'm so hated'. And obviously, Moira knows the truth about James' death. I just think she's in a very very sad state emotionally and mentally, really. She's trying to save herself, really."
*Emmerdale continues on Monday on ITV at 7pm
Virtual reality headsets at different price points are starting to hit the market, and today two more joined the fray... with one important catch.
The HP Windows Mixed Reality Headset Developer Edition and Acer Windows Mixed Reality Headset Developer Edition are on sale on Microsoft's website, though as the names suggest, you must be a developer to buy one.
At $329 (about £250 / AU$415) and $299 (£230 / AU$375), respectively, you might be tempted to nab one of these over, say, the more expensive Oculus Rift or HTC Vive (though the former is currently on sale for $399 / £399.99). Sadly, unless you're an app or game maker, you can't.
But! There's hope yet. The headsets will eventually be sold to regular shoppers, and when they do there should be a decent amount of content to digest thanks to developers getting their hands on the headsets early.
As of the time of writing, the HP Windows Mixed Reality Headset Developer Edition is sold out.
The best cheap Oculus Rift deals this month
HP's Windows 10 VR headset
Both the HP and Acer Windows 10 VR headsets feature two 1440 x 1440 displays, 95 degrees horizontal field of view, 90 Hz refresh rate, built-in audio and mic support, a single HDMI 2.0 and USB 3.0 cable to hook up to a Windows 10 PC, and inside-out tracking.
This last feature is basically a self-contained tracking system on the headset that allows you to have less powerful PC specs and doesn't require you buy external sensors to place around a room.
Microsoft's aim is to bring Windows 10 mixed reality to the market with different partners, including HP, Acer, Lenovo and other companies that don't have a headset of their own.
Whereas HoloLens, the company's $3,000 (£2,719 / AU$4,369) augmented reality visor, is intended for spaces like business, enterprise and education, these headsets are generally cheaper and more likely to appeal to the average consumer.
Just when everyone can buy a Windows 10 VR headset is still unknown, but we bet it'll be a few more months before you'll get the chance.
JAIPUR: It has been a week that Ashok Parnami resigned from the post of state party chief resigned, however, the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Rajasthan has not picked a replacement yet. This is apparently due to caste equations and pressure politics.
The delay is alleged because of a stalemate situation between Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje and the Central leadership over appointing a BJP state president. Raje is pressurizing to make her favourite person as party's state head, while the top leadership is in favour of Union Minister Gajendra Singh Shekhawat as the state president, DNA quoted sources as saying.
BJP national general secretary Arun Singh appointed Parnami as a member of the national working committee following which the latter submitted his resignation.
Parnami was appointed as Rajasthan BJP chief in February 2014 and is also a BJP legislator from Jaipur's Adarsh Nagar constituency.
The preparations of the ruling party for the state assembly elections, slated to be held later this year, have certainly hit a pause button after Parnami put down his papers last week.
BJP national president Amit Shah is allegedly considering the caste equation before appointing someone. According to sources, Shah wants to make Shekhawat the state president. Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) is also in favour this decision. But in view of the opposition from Raje camp, the announcement of the new state president has been not made.
Highly placed sources in the BJP revealed that the top leadership is considering several other names as an alternative to Shekhawat, that can benefit the party in the upcoming assembly and general elections.
(With inputs from DNA)
Toyota is sponsoring the world's first autonomous hydrogen-powered ship on a six-year world tour. The specially adapted race boat, Energy Observer, uses solar, wind and wave-generated power – as well as carbon-free hydrogen generated from seawater.
The base technology already exists for use on land, where it helps overcome the problem of intermittent power supply from renewables, but this is the first time it's been used at sea to produce hydrogen 'live' during stopovers and navigation.
The ship creates hydrogen by demineralizing seawater (removing salt and ions), then separating the oxygen and hydrogen through electrolysis. The hydrogen is compressed at 350-700 bar, then stored in tanks ready to be used in the energy stacks when needed.
World first
Energy Observer was built in Canada in 1983 by naval architect Nigel Irens, and this latest voyage won't be its first world record. In 1984, it became the first racing sailboat the break the 500-mile limit in 24 hours.
The boat has been lengthened four times since its racing days, and is now 30.5m long and 12.8m wide. At 28 metric tons, it has a considerable weight advantage compared to ships powered by storage batteries alone.
A team of over 30 people, including architects, designers and engineers, worked to prepare the ship for its six-year voyage, in which it will navigate 50 countries and stop in 101 ports of call.
A northern European tour is scheduled for next year, including the UK. The crew aims to reach Tokyo in 2020, in time for the Olympic Games.
The ship is captained by professional racer Victorien Erussard, accompanied by leader of exploration Jérôme Delafosse, a deep-sea diver and filmmaker.
During their journey, the team will produce documentary content about reliable energy sources. This will be broadcast through an eight-episode series on French TV network Planète+ and as a web series shared on social media.
"Energy Observer is a conversion that has a double meaning: to recycle a reliable and lightweight catamaran which is an around the world record holder and to invest in research and development, instead of in composites," says Erussard.
Hydrogen society
Toyota is already using hydrogen to help power vehicles on land, including cars like the Toyota Mirai, as well as buses, trucks and forklifts.
Toyota France provided Energy Observer's crew with eight vehicles for use during layovers when the ship set off last year, and now Toyota Motor Europe has put its full support behind the voyage.
"Energy Observer is an exciting initiative and we at Toyota Motor Europe are delighted to be associated with such a passionate and dedicated team," says Matt Harrison, vice president of sales and marketing.
"This project once again demonstrates the many practical uses of hydrogen that can be developed as we transition towards a hydrogen society.”
FORMER WA skipper Adam Voges is expected to be officially announced as the state's coach this morning.
The WACA has called a press conference for 10am to confirm the appointment.
Voges is understood to be the only candidate to replace Justin Langer, who stepped up into the national coaching position following the resignation of Darren Lehmann.
Voges only retired from the Perth Scorchers captaincy earlier this year.
More to come
“The Shape of Water” leads the Golden Globe nominations this year, earning a total of seven nods, including the best dramatic picture. The story of a mute woman who falls in love with a humanoid water-creature also earned nominations for Sally Hakwins as best dramatic actor and best director for Guillermo del Toro.
Following close behind with six nominations each are “The Post,” Steven Spielberg's journalism drama, and “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri,” Martin McDonagh's story of violence in a small town. Greta Gerwig's semi-autobiographical “Lady Bird” received four nods, including the best comedy and best comedic actress for Saoirse Ronan as a confused teenager in Northern California.
The nominations announced Monday, which came at the end of a year rocked by sexual assault scandals within Hollywood, seemed to focus on films that were led or made by women. Margot Robbie earned a comedic actress nod as Tonya Harding in “I, Tonya,” as did Emma Stone as Billie Jean King in “Battle of the Sexes,” a film that was co-directed by Valerie Faris. One glaring omission in that arena, however, was “Wonder Woman,” the female-fronted and female-directed superhero film that has been widely considered a historic moment for gender equality in the film industry.
A surprise nomination for supporting actor came for Christopher Plummer, who plays the oil tycoon J. Paul Getty in “All the Money in the World” — a role he took only after the original actor, Kevin Spacey, was edited out of the film in the wake of allegations of sexual assault. That film also earned the best directing nod for Ridley Scott.
As always, the Golden Globes, which are bestowed by the mercurial Hollywood Foreign Press Association, raise questions about what films will fare best at the Oscars. Two movies widely considered Oscar front-runners, Christopher Nolan's World War II drama “Dunkirk” and the gay romance “Call Me By Your Name,” were both nominated for best dramatic picture but received only three nominations each. The racially-charged horror-satire “Get Out,” one of the year's best-reviewed movies, earned nominations for best comedy and Daniel Kaluuya for best comedic actor.
This year's head-scratcher was a dramatic acting nod for Denzel Washington as a civil-rights lawyer in the tepidly-received and little-seen “Roman J. Israel, Esq.”
The television categories, the Emmy-winning “Big Little Lies” earned a number of acting nods (Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, Shailene Woodley, Alexander Skarsgård) as well as best limited series. (HBO recently announced a second season for “Big Little Lies,” which will change its category in other awards shows.) FX's Bette Davis and Joan Crawford chronicle “Feud: Bette and Joan” landed four nominations, including nods for Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon. Amazon's just-debuted “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” scored several nods, including the best comedy series.
Sign up for Newsday's Entertainment newsletter Get the latest on celebs, TV and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Also with numerous nominations were Netflix's “Stranger Things,” Hulu's “The Handmaid's Tale” and NBC's “This Is Us.” Left out were frequent Globes-nominees “House of Cards” and “Transparent,” two of the TV shows affected by the cascading fallout of sexual harassment allegations in the wake of film producer Harvey Weinstein's ouster.
— With AP
Rome, December 11 - A doctors' strike will hit the national health service hard Tuesday, unions said Monday. Some 40,000 surgical operations will be cancelled as well as hundreds of thousands of specialist examinations and diagnostic tests, while veterinary services will come to a halt, the ANAAO Assomed union said. "The health service is closing one day so as not to close down forever," it said.
"I joined to repay the veterans from the Vietnam era, I felt we owed them more than gratitude we owed them our service," said Chief Warrant Officer 2 Gary Johnson, a signal tech officer with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), an Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa. Johnson is currently deployed with the 316th ESC to Camp Arifjan, Kuwait, supporting the 1st Theater Sustainment Command mission of providing logistics support throughout the CENTCOM area of operations.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.08.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082966 VIRIN: 161208-A-PF724-096 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 6.64 MB Location: CAMP ARIFJAN, KW Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are fears one of the biggest and fastest growing employment centres in Cambridge could soon be stuck with gridlock.
Thousands more people are expected to be moving to the biomedical campus in Cambridge later this year as AstraZeneca, AbCam, and the new Papworth hospital get ready to open new premises on the site near Addenbrooke's hospital.
Fears have already been raised over what the additional commuters could do to traffic in the area, with some worrying ambulances trying to access the hospital could even be held up.
Now, there have been calls for something to be done to alleviate the situation before it becomes even worse.
Cambridgeshire mayor: a part to play for P&R
(Image: Warren Gunn)
Speaking at the Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Combined Authority's annual meeting today (May 30), mayor James Palmer said that, while he opposed park and ride sites as long-term solutions, he did think they had a part to play as short-term fixes until a “world-class transport system” including a city metro, could be built.
There were warnings, however, that action needed to be taken quickly, as problems would arise long before a metro could be built.
City council: action now is 'essential'
Cllr Lewis Herbert, leader of Cambridge City Council, said: “We are going to have gridlock there before the metro is built. We need something there now.”
He said park and ride sites were a “finger in the dike”, and a “stopgap” solution, but said a larger park and ride at Trumpington was “essential” until a bigger scheme could be implemented.
South Cambs: think about businesses
(Image: David Johnson)
Cllr Bridget Smith, the newly-elected Lib Dem leader of South Cambridgeshire District Council, said businesses were struggling now, and would lose confidence in both the combined authority and the Greater Cambridge Partnership (another organisation set up to ensure sustainable growth in the region) if they could not work together on a solution.
Cllr Smith said: “Businesses are having recruitment issues now, and their staff are struggling to get into work now.”
'We need to do something now'
Greater Cambridge Partnership assembly member, Claire Ruskin of Cambridge Network Ltd, said she was unsure why park and rides could not be part of the solution in helping to address some of the problems that could arise at the biomed campus.
She said: “In the short-term I have not heard any evidence that park and ride schemes won't help, especially looking at the huge and obvious growth of the Addenbrooke's site this year.
"I believe that GCP has far more evidence from business and residents than the CA has to date and I strongly believe we need to do something now.
poll loading Should there be a new park and ride site at the biomedical campus? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
'World-class transport'
James Palmer, mayor of the Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Combined Authority, reassured those present that there was “never any intention” to close the park and rides near the site “in the short term”.
However he confirmed in the long run he was still opposed to them and regarded them as “part of the problem” rather than the solution.
“There has never been any intention to stop the short-term solutions around the city,” said Mr Palmer.
“I do not see park and rides as part of the long-term solution to the problems we face."
Mr Palmer said his ambition was for Cambridge to have a “world class” transport system.
"He acknowledged that the area around the biomedical campus was experiencing “significant growth” with the arrival of AstraZeneca and other companies later this year, and said it would take more than park and rides to address the problem.
Kerry farmer, Dermot Donovan, is delighted with himself after 24 missing sheep returned home over the the weekend.
30 sheep disappeared from Mangerton mountain on 12 April, with tracks indicating that they had been led away from Dermot's land by a single person with a dog.
Dermot and his family searched high and low for the missing sheep and managed to locate four hoggets that day, but 26 others remained on the missing list.
A Kerry farmer had 24 hoggets missing for more than four days, he believes they were stolen and moved on foot https://t.co/NCfOWu1iEQ — Farmers Journal (@farmersjournal) April 17, 2017
Eventually 24 of the 26 missing sheep managed to make their own way home on Saturday.
According to Dermot a sheep will always return to the area of a mountain where they were born.
Two hoggets are still missing but Dermot is hopeful they too will make their way home safely.
AFTER PLAYING JUST 21 minutes for his new club St Johnstone, David McMillan is already facing a spell on the sidelines.
The Dubliner, who joined the Scottish Premiership club from Dundalk when the January transfer window opened, made his debut in last Saturday's 3-1 home defeat to Partick Thistle.
Having come off the bench in the 57th minute at McDiarmid Park, McMillan made a swift impact. He forced Partick goalkeeper Tomas Cerny to make a good save before being awarded a penalty, which was converted by Liam Craig.
However, shortly after being fouled by Cerny, McMillan had to be substituted as a result of the incident in which he won the spot-kick. The 29-year-old subsequently sat out Monday night's 4-0 win over Albion Rovers in the Scottish Cup.
Speaking ahead of St Johnstone's meeting with Hearts tomorrow, manager Tommy Wright confirmed that McMillan suffered a hamstring injury which will rule him out of action for approximately three weeks.
St Johnstone, who are currently in eighth place in Scotland's top flight, will hope to have McMillan available again by the time they head to Parkhead to play Celtic on 18 February.
After scoring 23 goals in all competitions for Dundalk in 2017, McMillan moved to Scotland on a two-and-a-half-year deal following the expiration of his contract at Oriel Park.
McMillan spent four seasons with the Lilywhites, winning three SSE Airtricity League Premier Division titles, one FAI Cup and two League [EA Sports] Cups.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Russian military will receive six types of new weapons that are superior to similar systems designed abroad between 2018-2027, Russian Deputy Prime Minister Yury Borisov told teachers and students of the Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Russia.
Borisov listed Sarmat intercontinental ballistic missiles, a prospective aircraft system for battlefield aviation, T-14 main battle tank on an Armata platform, S-500 air defense system, Nudol anti-ballistic missile defense system, and Tirada-2S system for jamming satellite communications, Russian VPK newspaper reported.
READ MORE: Russia's Advanced Weapons' Production Up Fourfold Over Last 5 Years — Shoigu
The deputy prime minister added that the share of the most advanced equipment and weaponry in the Strategic Missile Forces amounted to 79 percent, and to 67 percent in the Aerospace Defense Forces.
During his annual Q&A session in June, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that Sarmats would be put into service in 2020. The president also spoke of the Avangard strategic missile system, which he called an "absolute weapon," unlikely to be matched by any foreign alternatives in the near future.
Borisov was appointed deputy prime minister responsible for the defense industry in May, after almost six years as a deputy defense minister.
CHANEL TRANSPLANTS: Some of Chanel's key fragrance flowers from Grasse, France, have been transplanted in Paris' Tuileries Garden as part of the Jardins, Jardin event held there for four days starting on Thursday.
Jasmine from Grasse, May rose, iris pallida, tuberose and rose geranium cover 2,220 square feet of the park not far from where the Musée de l'Orangerie stands.
Visitors can sniff not only the live plants, but also the raw materials created from them through distillation and extraction processes by Parfums Chanel's research-and-development laboratory. Finished fragrances — containing the essences — are available to try out, too.
And conferences on plants and perfumes are part of the program.
For more than 30 years, Chanel has worked with the Mui family in Pégomas, France, to grow fragrance flowers destined exclusively for the house's perfumes, including jasmine used in the iconic Chanel No. 5 scent.
The Tuileries plot was conceived to be like a microcosm of that 20-hectare domain.
Police are seeking the public's assistance as they search for a potential suspect involved in an alleged arson in Rockland.
Investigators from the Ramapo Police Department released surveillance video of a suspect they hope to speak to in regard to an arson that took place at approximately 10:30 a.m. on April 2 at a Decatur Avenue residence.
In the video, which was captured by a neighbor's driveway surveillance camera the suspect could be seen in all black, walking with his head down through a snowy Ramapo neighborhood. Anyone who has information regarding the alleged arson has been asked to contact the Ramapo Police Department Investigations Division by calling (845) 357-2400.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
"I wanted to serve and experience something different," said Spc. Kortney Holloway, a signal support specialist with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), a Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa.(U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 10.26.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082946 VIRIN: 161026-A-PF724-018 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 6.55 MB Location: FORT HOOD, TX, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
UNITED NATIONS — Legal proceedings have been postponed for 48 hours for the Stony Brook University professor detained last week in his native Cameroon because of his writings allegedly criticizing — and possibly threatening — the nation's president, said the professor's Long Island-based colleague.
A hearing scheduled for Monday for Patrice Nganang will take place later in the week, said Robert Harvey, a colleague of Nganang's at SBU. Nganang, 47, an outspoken cultural study and comparative literature professor, was arrested while boarding a plane Wednesday in Cameroon.
Harvey said in an email that he was in touch with Nganang's wife, Nyasha Bakare, who was waiting for Nganang in Harare, Zimbabwe, last week when he tried to board a plane in Douala, Cameroon, and was arrested by security forces. Bakare said the proceeding had been postponed, but it was unclear what that meant for Nganang's case.
However, his attorney told family and friends Monday that one of the most serious charges, insulting President Paul Biya, has since been dropped.
By Monday, an open letter generated at Princeton University that “condemn in the strongest possible terms the illegal detention of our colleague and friend, the esteemed Cameroonian-American scholar and writer Professor Patrice Nganang,” had garnered more than 450 signatures from academics and activists worldwide. It also contained signatures of more than 100 SBU professors, including Harvey, and students.
A change.org petition, written in French, also has nearly 5,000 signatures.
A spokesman for UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said he had not heard back from UN officials in the department of political affairs about Nganang's case, so UN officials had no new information about the case Monday.
But Guterres, in October, condemned an outbreak of violence in the English-speaking minority areas and urged all sides to show restraint.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
After Nganang's arrest, he was taken to the capital, Yaoundé, where he awaits further legal proceedings, according to his attorney, Emmanuel Simh, who has said in media reports that Nganang is being held for insulting Biya for his handling of a volatile situation in the country's English-speaking regions.
Bakare told friends Monday that this development “was a big relief.”
Nganang was taken to the General Delegation National Security detention center in Yaoundé a day after he published an essay on Dec. 5 in the Jeune Afrique weekly news website that suggested the crisis in Cameroon's Anglophone regions might only be solved by a change in leadership. And, in a Facebook posting, his attorney said the government alleges, Nganang threatened Biya.
At a Saturday hearing with the judiciary police, Nganang was informed of the charges, according to a news release issued by his family and friends. Simh had argued that Nganang, who neither owns firearms nor works with armed groups, did not pose a threat to Biya, adding that Nganang has a “long history of peaceful activism promoting democracy,” according to the news release.
The unrest in Cameroon has caused waves of deadly violence over the past year, and tens of thousands of refugees have streamed into neighboring Nigeria amid the government's crackdowns on strikes and demonstrations.
With Christine Chung
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kevin Friend will referee Manchester United's clash against Arsenal on Sunday.
The official has taken care of 30 games this season and has dished out 60 yellows and one red card.
Friend was the fourth official for Manchester United's 2-1 FA Cup win over Spurs on Saturday.
His last on-pitch outing came at the Amex last week when he officiated Brighton's 1-1 draw with Tottenham.
Simon Bennett and Eddie Smart will run the lines while Michael Oliver will be the game's fourth official.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters/John Sibley)
Jose Mourinho will be aiming to lead his side to victory to ensure a place in this season's top four.
Arsene Wenger, however, has slightly different concerns.
(Image: Matthew Lewis/Getty Images)
This clash comes between Arsenal's first and second Europa League semi-final legs against Atletico Madrid.
With the top four out of sight, the Frenchman's focus will be very much be on the Spanish outfit.
Three teenagers tried to drug one of the boys' mothers before strangling and stabbing her in her Maine home, according to court documents.A juvenile petition containing chilling details of the killing of 47-year-old Kimberly Mironovas was released on Monday as the three teens - including the woman's 15-year-old son - appeared in court in Augusta.The documents did not provide a motive for the killing, and an attorney for the woman's son did not immediately return a message seeking comment.Police found Mironovas' body early Sunday in her Litchfield home.The Kennebec Journal reported that Mironovas had moved from Ashland, Massachusetts, and her son's two friends also were from Ashland.Documents indicate Mironovas' son and another 15-year-old were charged with murder. A 13-year-old was charged with conspiracy.Kevin Sullivan, an attorney for the 13-year-old, said his client was bewildered."He was in a house where someone died and he's completely distraught because of it," he said.Sage Lockhart, who attended cosmetology school with Mironovas, said her friend had told her that her son was angry, and had been expelled from school."He was out of control and had a lot of anger issues," she said. The teen was resentful of the move to Maine and wanted to go back to Massachusetts, she added.State prosecutors could seek to try the boys as adults, where murder carries a minimum sentence of 25 years. In the juvenile system, the teens could be detained only until they reach the age of 21."There is no way he should ever be treated in the criminal justice system as an adult," said Walt McKee, lawyer for the 15-year-old from Massachusetts. He said he was requesting a competency evaluation.The trio allegedly put the plan into motion on Saturday with an idea to crush prescription pills and mix them with the victim's wine, the petition said. When the crushed medication failed to mix thoroughly, they opted to strangle and stab her, the petition said.
It very much looks like Microsoft has a cheaper set of Surfaces in the pipeline, and thanks to some excellent digging on the part of WinFuture, we now have a better idea of how the price will be kept down: with Intel Pentium processors.
The Intel Pentium Silver N5000, Intel Pentium Gold 4410Y and Intel Pentium Gold 4415Y will be the chips lined up for the new configurations of the Surface, according to WinFuture's source. Apologies to anyone who was hoping for an Intel Core m3 chip, as it looks like you're out of luck.
Those processors are likely to be combined with 4GB or 8GB of RAM, according to benchmarks on the web that might well be the new devices in testing. These specs could change before the new Surfaces see the light of day, of course.
Keep taking the tablets
A less expensive line of Surface tablets makes a lot of sense when you consider that Apple's latest iPad comes in at $329/£319/AU$469. The opening price point for the upcoming Surface refresh is rumored to be in the region of $400 (about £300/AU$540).
Exactly when we're going to see these new tablets remains to be seen – Microsoft has said nothing about them officially up to this point – but considering they've just popped up at the FCC (Federal Communications Commission) in the US, we'd say they'll be showing up sooner rather than later.
The devices are said to have a screen size of 10 inches, and include USB-C ports, unlike the more powerful and more expensive Surface Pro. As soon as we've got any formal announcements from Microsoft, we'll let you know.
Via The Verge
A woman died at Kybong on Tuesday night after the motorbike she was riding crashed on the Mary Valley Link Rd.
A woman died at Kybong on Tuesday night after the motorbike she was riding crashed on the Mary Valley Link Rd. Frances Klein
TRAGEDY has struck the Gympie community again with the death of a 30-year-old woman in a motorbike crash on Tuesday night.
The woman, from Mothar Mountain, died when the motorbike she was driving crashed on Mary Valley Link Road at Kybong before 6pm, police said.
RELATED:
CRASH TRAGEDY: 'We have lost a champion'
UPDATE: Two young men dead after horror crash
Police release details on fatal crash at Langshaw
Mum killed instantly in 'horrific' crash, children critical
Community rallies for Tina and her grieving family
A Queensland Police Service statement said the woman "sustained critical injuries and was pronounced deceased at the scene" of the crash.
A 38-year-old man who was a pillion passenger was taken to Gympie Hospital in a stable condition with chest and arm injuries.
The motorbike rider was the fifth person killed on Gympie region roads in less than a month.
Selwyn Price, a 67-year-old Langshaw man, was killed in a single-vehicle crash at Langshaw on June 10 when his car careened 50m from the road down an embankment.
Less than a week later Gympie mates Bryce Brunjes-Kilshaw and Sam Bourke, both in their twenties, were killed when their car slammed into a tree at Curra on June 16.
Bryce Brunjes-Kilshaw and Sam Bourke. Facebook
An Imbil woman, Tina Alleyn, 36, was killed instantly on June 26 when her car ran off Moy Pocket Rd near Kenilworth while she was driving her two children to school.
Tina Alleyn with her children Hayden and Lateesha Mcauley. A Gofundme page has been set up for them. Contributed
Imbil police Sergeant Brock Murphy said it was concerning to see five fatalities in less than a month.
"We are very concerned with the fatalities," Sgt Murphy said.
"We're always trying to enforce the road rules with the message going out every year about road safety."
Sgt Murphy reminded motorists to be cautious with more cars on the roads over the school holidays.
"Please keep in mind the fatal five with speed, distraction and fatigue the main reasons behind crashes," he said.
"Sometimes people get distracted with changing radio stations and that can be another cause of accidents."
The identity of the 30-year-old woman has not been released.
"It was a single vehicle crash. We believe no other vehicles were involved, but we still have to interview the passenger," Sgt Murphy said.
The Queensland road toll stands at 123, two more than at the same time last year.
PROTEIN POWER: Consuming the right amount of protein can help build muscle while losing weight.
PROTEIN POWER: Consuming the right amount of protein can help build muscle while losing weight. iStock
LOSING weight is one thing but not if it comes at the expense of muscle loss.
So it makes sense to wonder - is it possible to achieve fat loss while maintaining muscle mass? Surprisingly, the answer is yes - but it does involve a smart approach to fitness and nutrition.
A lot of the time, when people lose weight, they wind up with a lot less muscle than they started out with.
Why? Weight loss requires an energy (calorie) deficit and muscle-building requires an energy surplus.
To implement a calorie deficit, you need to either eat less calories or burn more calories through exercise, or do a combination of the two. However, while eating less is necessary for losing overall body mass, this calorie deficit is counter-productive for building muscle at the same time.
What's more, if a person is restricting carbohydrates, fats (in the form of ketones) and proteins will be used for energy instead, therefore won't be available for muscle repair and growth.
So how can you achieve both goals? These five science-backed strategies will help.
1. DON'T OVERLY RESTRICT
Drastic changes in calories will not only sabotage your workout efforts but will ultimately slow your metabolism, partly due to the loss in muscle that comes when you drop overall body weight. And since muscle is the greatest determiner of your metabolic rate, this muscle loss may largely explain why so many people struggle to keep weight off once they lose it.
To prevent this, your food intake should never dip below your "basal” metabolic requirements, which is the minimum number of calories your body uses to keep all its systems functioning correctly.
There are a plethora of online tools that can help you calculate your basal metabolic rate. While their accuracy is debatable, they will give you a basic understanding.
2. PROTEIN IS KEY
Protein needs are based on age, activity, sex and whether you are breastfeeding or pregnant.
However most authorities recommend about 0.75-0.84g per kilogram of body weight but many round it up to 1g a kg to keep things simple.
For example, if you weigh 75kg, you would need roughly 75g of protein a day. But, in order to preserve lean muscle tissue, adjusting your protein intake slightly is an important piece of the puzzle.
"Achieving a protein intake of approximately 1.3-1.6g per kilogram of body weight or aim for at least 20g of protein in every meal and snack across the day where possible,” Deakin University School of Exercise and Nutrition Sciences' Dr Jackson Fyfe said.
"Consuming a slightly greater amount of protein than what is required to meet your energy needs will ensure you have spare to sustain or even build muscle.”
So for that same 75kg person, that's a protein intake of roughly 97-120g a day.
This can be achieved by including protein-rich foods as part of a calorie-controlled eating plan, such as eating a couple of eggs (12g protein), a cheese sandwich (35g protein), glass of milk (10g protein), two handfuls of nuts (12g protein), one cup of Greek yoghurt and 150g steak (40g protein). Pretty easy to do.
3. FOCUS ON STRENGTH
On top of adjusting dietary protein intake, performing regular resistance-type exercises (such as push-ups, squats, lunges or lifting weights) two to three times a week will help burn calories but, more importantly, help to maintain existing muscle tone and build more muscle.
4. HIGH V LOW
For the fat loss side of things, balance your strength training with cardio-type activity to help you burn body fat and calories.
However it's best to keep your cardio sessions short and sweet.
"Minimising the total volume (duration and frequency) of endurance training is best,” Dr Fyfe said.
If you're going to perform cardio training, focus on high-intensity interval training (HIIT). This type of cardio involves short bursts of intense exercise with intermittent rest periods. These workouts will maximise fat burn post-exercise.
5. HAVE A BREAK
Muscle needs time to repair and grow after a workout. Neglecting to give your muscles enough time to recover means they will not get bigger or stronger. At least 48 hours between sessions is a good rule of thumb.
Kathleen Alleaume is a nutrition and exercise scientist who is passionate about making sense of conflicting health buzz. Follow her @therightbalance.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - Mayor says both men hurt in the latest Austin bombing are white, unlike minority victims of three previous attacks.
It's been almost three years since True Blood last aired and at least one former cast member is already down to get the gang back together. Carrie Preston, who currently stars in TNT's black comedy Claws, says she wouldn't mind reuniting with her co-stars.
"I would love that. I would jump at the chance to check in with Arlene and see where she is on the planet now and what's going on with her and her life," she told TV Guide. "We could go back to Merlotte's and sling some hash. That would make me very happy."
Preston starred in the HBO series as Arlene Fowler Bellefleur, Sookie's friend and fellow waitress at Merlotte's who marries Terry Bellefleur in Season 4. When we last saw her, she took over ownership of Merlotte's following the death of her husband and it was renamed Bellefleur's Bar and Grill.
Midnight, Texas: How the Show Is Different From True Blood
Though the prospect of seeing the cast back together warrants excitement, it would also be a bittersweet reunion knowing that one of the show's key members won't be there. "It wouldn't quite be the same in there without Lafayette played by the brilliant Nelsan Ellis," Preston added. Ellis died in July at the age of 39 from heart failure brought on by alcohol withdrawal.
Claws' Carrie Preston: "We've Only Scratched the Surface
While there are no current plans for a True Blood reunion, Preston is set to return to Claws which has been renewed for a second season.
It's a new day, a new beginning. Its all about starting life afresh. So as you begin a new journey, find out what the stars have in store for you today. There are twelve zodiac signs and each has its distinct feature. Be it, Aries, Taurus, Gemini, Cancer, Leo, Virgo, Libra, Scorpio, Sagittarius, Capricorn, Aquarius and Pisces - each of the signs have something unique to tell.
Check out today's predictions by Sundeep Kochar.
Aries
Keep up the hard work and you will feel surge in optimism. It may turn out to be a lucky day and you may gain financially and win over your enemies. Just be careful with indigestion and health related matters. You may go be packing your bags for a travel and be away from family
Taurus
You may appear to face uncertainties and sudden upheavals in all your undertakings. Some may not be bad at all. This state will not be for long. Take advice from your elders especially from your father. You may need all advise from them that will help you grounded.
Gemini
You will gain financially and success with minimal obstacles. Manage your romantic liaison and try not to get carried away. Enjoy the fortune and success today and do not allow success to go over your head. You will start a new venture with some influential people.
Cancer
You may be recognised for your unconventional ideas today and you can make a mark of your own today. People will look at you and seek direction. Enjoy the peaceful romance with your loved ones.
Leo
You may be rewarded or recognised for your achievements. Take decisions wisely and be confident in handling all obstacles in work. Try to be active and work responsibly. Over work may result in fatigue, stomach disorders and focus on your health
Virgo
Your methodical approach will result in success in your professional pursuits. Happiness in domestic fronts and satisfaction in work may be order of the day.
Enjoy while it last.
Libra
You may need to use your diplomatic charm to overcome conflicts today. People will understand your decisions at the end of the day and will rally behind you. Take decisions carefully and maximise returns with matters that are finance related. You are expected to problems in financial gains.
Scorpio
Your patience and perseverance will be tested today. Avoid being lazy and be careful while driving. Members of the opposite sex may create troubles and be careful to do not take for granted.
Sagittarius
There is chance of some sudden events happening today and enjoy and take it in stride on whatever the outcome. Your steadfast approach and eye for detail may be useful in overcoming challenges today. Your children will be your source of joy. Share your emotions with your loved ones as they are pillar of your strength.
Capricorn
Be careful if you are dealing or investing in real estates, vehicles today. Be careful in your investments and do not risk any new venture today. Carefully judge before planning any venture. Be nice to opposite sex in work place and avoid unnecessary quarrels. You have much bigger things to focus on. Meditate to find inner peace.
Aquarius
A general dissatisfaction in your outlook and a distracted mood throughout the day may keep you mentally busy Try not to short cut in any areas as it may back fire you. Be calm and composed. Your opponents will be in awe with you today.
Pisces
You will be centred of attention. Opposite sex will be closer to you and you may be involved in some romantic liaisons. Travel is in cards. Romance is in air and success in career for those who have worked sincerely towards it.
TOURING: Comedian Ross Noble is coming back to the Northern Rivers.
TOURING: Comedian Ross Noble is coming back to the Northern Rivers. Contributed
POPULAR English comedian Ross Noble has confirmed a Northern Rivers show as part of his next tour.
El Hablador (Spanish for The Speaker) is the new stand up routine the comedian is bringing to Lismore.
In an introductory video to his show, Noble said the routine followed his personal stand up style.
"It's basically just me doing what I do," he said.
"Just going on stage, talking and that, there is no theme, there is no high concept."
Noble, 41, rose to mainstream popularity through making appearances on British television, particularly interviews and on panel shows such as Have I Got News for You.
In 2007 he was voted the 10th greatest stand-up comic on Channel 4's 100 Greatest Stand-Ups and again in the updated 2010 list as the 11th greatest stand-up comic.
ON THE ROAD: Comedian Ross Noble. Photographer: Guy Levy
According to the comedian's Wikipedia page, Noble has two daughters, Elfie and Willow, with his Australian wife, Fran.
They lived on a farm in a semi-rural town on the northern outskirts of Melbourne, until it was destroyed by the 2009 Victorian bushfires.
Noble and his family were not harmed in the fire, but they returned to the UK in 2010.
English funnyman Ross Noble. Andy Hollingworth
El Hablador will be Noble's 16th comedic tour since 1999.
The show contains mild language and content of an adult nature. Advised for ages 15+.
Duration is 2hr 10min, including a 20-min interval.
For the uninitiated, Arizona Sunshine is a game on Oculus Rift and HTC Vive that thrusts players into the zombie apocalypse and forces them to survive while they travel across the wilderness of Arizona.
In the campaign, you trek through the deserts and canyons of the arid landscape, fighting your way through the various dimly lit mines and other environments packed with zombies.
The narrative is told through voice overs, as the main character finds other survivors and tries to survive in the harsh landscape, all while zombies are nipping at his heels. Despite the gloomy premise, it's a story that doesn't quite take itself seriously, with the hero throwing out some one-liners after kills – yet it manages to keep things pretty tense throughout.
That tough-to-achieve balance – alongside some neat innovations – is what makes Arizona Sunshine a breath of fresh air in the increasingly stale genre of first-person shooters in VR.
Arizona Sunshine a breath of fresh air in the increasingly stale genre of first-person shooters in VR
At GDC this year, there were close to a half-dozen of these titles, all made by prestigious studios, all floating around the convention center. Keeping them separate became a job in and of itself, but Arizona Sunshine was the one that shone brighter than them all.
While other games go about trying to reinvent the wheel when implementing FPS combat in VR, and in the process over-complicating it and making their titles a chore to play in VR, Arizona Sunshine sticks with a tried and true set up, focusing on ease of use and simplicity in its gameplay ... which is very much appreciated, especially when wearing a VR headset and having so much blood and guts hurled at you.
Breathing life into the genre
Vertigo Games, the studio that makes Arizona Sunshine, are no strangers to working on VR titles. Back in 2014, they launched the incredibly serene World of Diving. While fully playable without a VR headset, playing it with one is a wholly immersive experience as you dive and explore the ocean, photographing marine life and searching undersea shipwrecks.
After that, they tooled around with Skyworld, a 'tabletop' strategy game where you capture several points on the map while building your empire and, along with that concept, they built Arizona Sunshine.
While Arizona Sunshine's concept is a dime a dozen nowadays for entertainment in general, the execution is rock solid, and offers some of the most satisfying action for a VR game. It does this in a few ways. First, it presents it in a way that's exciting and also feels surprisingly tense – the mines are dark, and you have to utilize a flashlight to keep track of your surroundings. Second, unlike other VR titles that are released in Early Access, the developers chose to launch Arizona Sunshine as a full game and gradually release updates based on feedback from players and new gameplay modes for the core game.
During my play session, I got to experience the new horde mode map set in the Mines, which is playable online and locally for up to four players. As is the case for most horde modes in other titles, you'll have to fight waves of enemies and last as long as possible. But what made this horde mode special is that there's an increased focused on movement and verticality.
For the most part, many VR levels are fairly flat and don't really offer much in exploring multi-floor areas. The increased movement with the new locomotion system offers players more of a chance to evade the overwhelming zombies hordes, which makes this side mode surprisingly creepy and unnerving.
As one of the few VR games to not have been released in Early Access, the developers have to be more mindful of consumer feedback. After the launch of Arizona Sunshine in late 2016, the team at Vertigo Games have been steadily releasing new updates and hotfixes to improve the overall experience.
"The full launch we did was in December, we didn't go early access like other VR titles," said Director of Business Development John Coleman. It's less about having features that wildly change the game, like you'd see in other Early Access titles, but more so giving players more stuff to do with the existing playstyles".
Moreover, the developers are open to allowing new peripherals and devices to work in conjunction with their titles. For instance, the 3D Rudder device, which gives players a physical pad to control movement in VR games, works with the expanded locomotion updates from Vertigo Games.
Coleman went on to add that this is a part of Vertigo's vision for developing games, always being mindful of the player's experiences. “In general, our philosophy is to give players options and 3D Rudder provides another option in terms of locomotion and control scheme,” Coleman said. “We are still evaluating how players are using locomotion in general and how they interact with peripherals like 3D Rudder as we think about designing future content.”
It'll certainly be interesting to see where things go from here. Usually in the case of early VR titles, there's a lot to keep track of when it comes to feedback and expectations from the audience. These early titles for the building VR market are the ones that keep people playing, and with continued support for these titles, the developers aim to have their players coming back for more.
Arizona Sunshine is out now on Steam, and playable on Oculus Rift and HTC Vive
IN THE LIMELIGHT: Caroline Daur is still buzzing from her recent collaboration with MAC, said the rising German blogger at the Elie Saab couture show Wednesday afternoon.
“It was lots of fun, and there could be another one in the works,” she said.
Daur, who has 1.5 million followers on Instagram, might also take her turn in front of the cameras soon — she's started taking acting lessons in preparation. “It's not the acting lessons that are difficult, it's going to auditions and getting picked,” she chuckled.
Anouchka Delon, meanwhile, will be getting her movie debut soon, she revealed, as she is soon to film Finnish director Valto Baltzar's first feature provisionally titled “The Café of my Memories.”
“I'm also writing a second play with my boyfriend, Julien Dereims, that will be performed in Paris next year,” she said.
Other front row guests included Bianca Brandolini d'Adda, Olivia Palermo, Petra Nemcova, Georgia Fowler and Helena Bordon.
BEIRUT (AP) — The media arm of Lebanon's militant Hezbollah group says hundreds of Syrian rebels and civilians have started leaving the Lebanon-Syria border area after a deal was reached for their departure.
The Central Military Media says buses carrying members of the Levant People's Brigades rebel group started moving on Monday from the badlands of the Lebanese border town of Arsal in the direction of the Syrian village of Fleeta.
The evacuation comes nearly two weeks after more than 7,000 Syrians, many of them al-Qaida-linked fighters and their families, left Arsal, following an offensive by Hezbollah.
The Levant People's Brigades whose members did not take part in last month's battles will be heading to the Syrian government-held town of Ruhaiba, about 50 kilometers (31 miles) northeast of the Syrian capital, Damascus.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Milan, December 11 - A Milanese taxi driver has rejected a local bodybuilder's offer to pay damages of 5,000 euros for biting off his ear lobe during a road-rage row near the central rail station last month. Lawyers for Pier Federico Bossi called the offer "derisory". Antonio Bini is on trial for grievous bodily harm aggravated by futile motives. Bossi's ear was sewn back on in hospital. Bini, who is under house arrest, was at Monday's preliminary hearing, while Bossi is still at home recovering from the incident. His nose was broken and a shoulder dislocated in the fight. Bini told the court Bossi bit his finger. He denied biting off the taxi driver's ear lobe.
© Unknown
What angered and concerned folks on the Hill?
FBI Director Christopher Wray has either been threatened to do the bidding of the Deep State, or he has turned from white-hat savior of the embattled FBI to just another black-hat villain at its helm.Several Congressional sources as well as one high-level White House source said Wray pulled a surprising about-face on GOP leaders in the last 24 hours. And instead of working with the White House and the House Intelligence Committee on the Hill on the pending release of the controversial FISA memo, Wray came out Wednesday seemingly threatening the White House and President Donald Trump."We think somebody threatened him, got to him," one Congressional source said. "Between Tuesday and Wednesday he was a completely different guy.""He maybe maneuvers himself out of a job," the White House source said. "The President does not need another (James) Comey across the street running the FBI."In a rare public statement on Wednesday, the FBI said that it has "grave concerns" about a Republican-crafted memo alleging corrosive abuse of U.S. surveillance powers by the Justice Department that is expected to be released in the coming days."With regard to the House Intelligence Committee's memorandum, the FBI was provided a limited opportunity to review this memo the day before the committee voted to release it," the bureau said.Tuesday on On SiriusXM's "Make It Plain with Mark Thompson," Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ) said it could be "treasonous" to release the memo the House Intelligence Committee voted to release on Monday.Booker said, "This fury and fire that has been created within the right around this, is to me tantamount to a dangerous conspiracy theory that can undermine the important work our Justice Department and intelligence communities do."The White House plans to release a classified House Intelligence Committee memo that Republicans say shows anti-Trump bias by the FBI and the Justice Department, U.S. President Donald Trump's chief of staff John Kelly said on Wednesday."It will be released here pretty quick, I think, and then the whole world can see it," Kelly said in an interview on Fox News Radio, adding that he has seen the four-page document and that White House lawyers are currently reviewing it.Did President Donald Trump just pledge to release the controversial FISA memo?Sure seems that way.His private comments were caught on video during the State of the Union Address.
With a name like America's Got Talent, it shouldn't come as a surprise when extremely talented individuals show up on the reality competition series. However, no one would have guessed that 16-year-old Christian Guardino would come out swinging with a voice like a seasoned R&B singer.
His rendition of the Jackson 5's "Who's Loving You" blew the judges away, even earning him a Golden Buzzer from Howie Mandel. Introduced in Season 9, the buzzer gives the recipient an automatic pass to the live semi-finals and can only be used once by a judge.
All the more amazing is the fact that the resilient teen used to be blind. At six months old, doctors told his mom he would eventually lose his sight completely. However, at age 12, experimental gene therapy helped him regain his vision. Now, he's headed to AGT's semi-finals.
America's Got Talent airs Tuesdays at 8/7c on NBC.
CLOSE Parys Henry, 14, was shot multiple times walking home to her house in Wilmington. Michael Harris, a Bloods gang member who practices peace, understands the lure of teen gun violence. Jennifer Corbett/The News Journal
Jeremy Tunnell, from the 800 block of West 5th Street, was shot in the lower abdomen Thursday . He died due to his injury. (Photo: Photos are “Courtesy of Delaware Department of Justice”)
Wilmington Police announced Wednesday that a shooting last week thought to be self-inflicted was a homicide.
Jeremy Tunnell, 20, was shot in the lower abdomen Thursday in the area of West 5th and North Madison Streets.
Police responded to a "Shot Spotter" alert at 10:20 p.m., and Tunnell was taken to Christiana Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Initially, officials believed the shooting was self-inflicted because of the angle of the bullet, Sgt. Stephanie Castellani said.
Tunnell, from the 800 block of West 5th Street, pleaded guilty to gang participation, carrying a concealed deadly weapon and resisting arrest in 2017. He and 27 other young men were linked to the Only My Brothers street gang.
Tunnell was shown in multiple pictures entered into evidence by the state Department of Justice in the case against the teenage street gang. These social media postings show Tunnell posing with friends while wearing an OMB shirt, as well as making hand gestures that correlated with the gang's message, according to state prosecutors.
Jeremy Tunnell (right), from the 800 block of West 5th Street, was shot in the lower abdomen Thursday. He died due to his injury. (Photo: Courtesy of Delaware Department of Justice)
Much of the violence among youth in Wilmington was attributed to the rivalry between OMB and another street gang, Shoot to Kill. Members of Shoot to Kill or STK were convicted in the murder of Brandon Wingo, a 15-year-old who was shot blocks from his high school.
Tunnell was sentenced in Feb. 2016 to 10 months in prison after pleading guilty to gang participation, carrying a concealed deadly weapon and resisting arrest. After his prison time, he was sentenced to a year of home confinement, which he should have been serving at the time of his death.
Contact Josephine Peterson at (302) 324-2856 or jhpeterson@delawareonline.com. Follow her on Twitter at @jopeterson93.
CRIME
Hartly victims in suspected murder-suicide identified
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/05/30/police-determine-n-madison-street-shooting-homicide/656360002/
WOULD YOU KNOW IF YOU HIT A CYCLIST WHILE DRIVING?
Apparently there is someone out there who hit and ran over a bicyclist and had no idea?
I guess it could happen. I hope Doug Terrien can find out who hit him. I had a family member who was hit by a truck while riding his bike and the driver just drove off. Was he impaired? Could it be he didn't know?
Full Story Here.
By Victoria Horsford
NEW YORK CITY
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio's Town Hall in Harlem's PAL building on Manhattan Avenue was well-attended. It was a first for Hizzoner uptown. Electeds who attended were Manhattan Borough Prexy Gale Brewer, Councilman Bill Perkins and Senator Brian Benjamin. There was an air of eager anticipation. Our mayor should visit Harlem more often, not only during election years. The crowd was primed with a broad section of concerns from Community Boards 9,10 and 11. There were ostensibly special interest plans from the community and the mayor's office. De Blasio arrived with a NYC cadre of commissioners: NYCHA, Sanitation, Education, Transportation, Health, HPD and others. He skillfully fielded questions on subjects ranging from sanitation, education, history of rent charges on apartments, protections for the immigrant population, enforcement of environmental justice, proliferation of liquor stores in the area, right to counsel for people facing eviction, the criminal justice system and the LGBT community. East Harlem attendees seemed to be in more dire straits than their Central/West Harlem counterparts, based on their comments and questions. Interestingly, many questions and grievances fell under the jurisdiction of the NYS Senator.
BROOKLYN: Congrats to Brooklyn's 35th City Council member Laurie Cumbo, 42, who gave birth to her son, Noah Oluwafemi, on August 4. She plans to get back to the Democratic primary race imminently.
NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio and Governor Andrew Cuomo are at it again; this week's animus centers on the NYS Transit Authority and NYC. The Transit Authority is controlled by the governor and the state underwrites the lion's share of the budget. The system is in great disrepair which impacts so many NYC residents; NYC could provide more money for the transit system with the provision that it also gets a greater share in its governance and board members.
USA SUMMER 2017
While catering to the base as he watches poll numbers travel south, President Trump announces more mind-numbing possibilities for the nation. He plans to exclude transgenders from the military, an announcement made before consultation with the Pentagon and the many generals who are part of his administration. Trump will introduce legislation aimed at reducing legal immigrants to the US. He wants only highly skilled English-speaking immigrants who can financially support themselves and families that will contribute to the American economy. This is a blatantly racist plan. The sun no longer sets in the British Empire. For your info, Mr. President, statistics prove that Africans are the best-educated foreigners to reach USA shores. Last week, it was announced that the US Justice Department's Civil Rights Division will investigate and sue universities over affirmative action admission policies which discriminate against white applicants. Is this the LOOKING GLASS of America?
Read the current Newsweek cover story with Trump in a reclining chair. Copy reads POTUS IS BORED AND TIRED: Imagine How Bored and Tired He'd Feel if He Did Any Work.
LOOKING AT 2020: President Barack Obama and other members of the Democratic elite are throwing their 2020 presidential support behind former Massachusetts Governor Duval Patrick, whom few people, Democrats or others, know. The smart money and deeper-pocketed Democrat supporters are focused on US Senator Kamala Harris, from California, a more credible alternative to The Donald. Even Michael Moore concedes that Democrats need a celebrity to vanquish The Donald. That reasoning, methinks, is specious. After The Donald, no more reality show stars to run this republic and be leader of the free world.
CITY BUSINESS
Newly opened Sugar Hill Creamery is the talk of the town, at least on Lenox Avenue in Harlem. An ice cream parlor, located at 184 Lenox Avenue, owned by Nicholas Larsen, a Telepan restaurant alum and his wife Petrushaska Basin Larsen, are being compared to Harlem's Thomfords, an iconic sweet tooth venue on St. Nicholas Avenue at 125th Street which closed in the 1980s.
The Harlem Business Alliance wants young women to DISRUPT HARLEM: THE CODE SQUAD, a free 16-week course for Harlem residents age 18 to 24 who are not enrolled in college. A GED is not necessary. Learn computer coding from September to December 2017. Apply by August 14. [Visit DISRUPTHARLEM.ORG or HBANY.ORG. Spread the word!]
ARTS/CULTURE
This year is the 50th Anniversary of the Detroit riots, which explains an explosion of interest in the arts in this American city. Herb Boyd, professor/scholar and prolific author's new book, BLACK DETROIT: A People's History of Self-Determination, an incisive look into MOTOWN, a city he called home for a few decades. The new film DETROIT, which is “set against the backdrop of Detroit's devastating riots that took place over five summer days”, opened last week to outstanding reviews. Black Detroit today is an American wasteland. Blacks have lost their homes and all of the wealth acquired when Detroit flourished as the headquarters of the automotive world. This year is a mayoral election year in Detroit. Coleman Young, union organizer and firebrand, became the first Black mayor of Detroit in 1974 and served for five terms. His son, Coleman Young II, a Michigan state senator, is a 2017 Detroit mayoral hopeful.
A Harlem-based management consultant, Victoria Horsford can be reached at Victoria.horsford@gmail.com.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tory ministers are refusing to scrap a benefits policy they've been warned will make domestic violence worse.
Kit Malthouse brushed aside fears over Universal Credit today despite a victim saying it could be “dangerous” for abused women.
Charities have raised the alarm because couples on the new benefit get a "single payment" into one bank account.
They need to ask to split it in two - and women trapped with violent partners may be too afraid to do so.
Yet Mr Malthouse dismissed single payments as a “political symbol” and a “sideshow” - claiming “we don't see any great evidence” they cause abuse.
He told the Commons Work and Pensions Committee he was "open-minded” but added: "There are lots of other things in many ways that are more important.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“While I understand split payments has become a bit of a political symbol, actually in terms of the great scheme of things, of assisting those people and supporting them, it's a bit of a sideshow to be perfectly honest.
"Much more important is we're correctly skilled and that we have the right links into support mechanisms to make sure that either we're ameliorating the abuse or eliminating it altogether.”
UC Director General Neil Couling said switching the whole benefit from single to split payments would be a “big, big job”.
He told MPs: "We have not prioritised that for automation and it's not in the plan to do that any time soon."
It comes after a victim told MPs applying for a split payment midway through a relationship would be “dangerous” for women like her, and Demelza Lobb of the charity Refuge warned it would “definitely” give abusers more control over cash.
Labour MP Ruth George warned some abused women "cannot even get together the money for a taxi to flee that relationship.”
(Image: Parliament TV)
She told the Work and Pensions Minister: "We've received a lot of evidence that single payments are likely to lead to greater financial abuse.”
Tory MP Heidi Allen said she couldn't believe that “in this modern world of equality, the woman gets her money lumped in with the fella's into one account.”
She suggested “we should be looking at this as split payments by default."
Footage of the hearing was taken offline after Mr Malthouse appeared to accidentally name an anonymous witness to the committee.
He also clashed with Ms George when she said "I've never yet met a man who knows exactly how much it costs to raise a child”, retorting: “Well I do!”.
Mr Malthouse insisted automatic split payments could "create more conflict" in some cases, like where one partner works longer hours than the other.
And officials said only 2% of married couples and 7% of cohabiting couples keep their finances separate.
(Image: Getty Images)
The minister added: "The recipient is more often than not the woman rather than the man.
"I don't think we should necessarily characterise the system as the payment is all going off to a feckless man. It's much more nuanced and complex than that."
Meanwhile complacent Theresa May brushed off claims Universal Credit is driving destitute families into "deep financial crisis" and forcing them to food banks.
The Trussell Trust, which handed out a record 1.3million emergency parcels last year, said just 8% of 284 food bank users it surveyed said the new benefit is enough to live on.
(Image: Getty)
Chief executive Emma Revie said one mum “considered giving up her own two children” while waiting for the benefit - just so they'd get some food.
Yet Theresa May's spokesman said: “The reasons why people use foodbanks are complex, so it's wrong to link a rise to any one cause.
“The research is based on anecdotal evidence from a small, self-selecting sample of less than 0.04% of current Universal Credit claimants and was carried out before we made significant improvements at the Budget.”
The PM still had confidence in the rollout of UC, he added.
Morrisons is to sell the UK's longest sausage roll – for just £1.
The supermarket has launched the Foot Long Sausage Roll, believed to be the largest in the UK.
At one foot long and weighing in at nearly half a kilogram, the store claims the sausage roll is double the length and four times the weight of some high street competitors.
Available from August 7 from the supermarket on Newland Street, the Foot Long Sausage Roll is freshly baked in-store by its Market Street bakers, made with seasoned pork meat and wrapped in a crisp, golden flaky pastry.
The sausage roll has to be served on a special tray that holds its weight, rather than being served in just the traditional paper bag.
Morrisons has created the Foot Long Sausage Roll after listening to its customers, who said that they wanted a bigger version of the British classic.
At only £1, the jumbo-sized British favourite can be bought hot and ready-to-eat from Morrisons Pie Shop counters on Market Street. It could be enjoyed as part of a picnic, shared with the family, or eaten by customers with big appetites.
The sausage roll is being launched in time for the start of the football season to be the ultimate match day pie experience.
SOUTH WINDSOR, Conn. (WTNH) — Firefighters are on scene of a house fire in South Windsor early Tuesday morning.
The fire broke out at a home on Cliffwood Drive in the town of South Windsor.
The South Windsor Fire Department responded to the scene.
There is no word on the cause of this house fire or if anyone was injured.
No further details are available at this time.
This is a breaking news story. News 8 will update this story as more information becomes available.
© FNA
The Arabic-language website of RT reported that Caesar Kunikov (BDK-64), a Project 775 class large landing ship of the Russian Navy, has left the country for Syria's waters.The Russian sources had previously reported that the army's large cargo ship left Sevastopol port in Crimea for Mediterranean Sea to join the Russian naval fleet in Syria's Tartus port.A media outlet reported last month that a huge Russian shipment of weapons bound for Syria in the form of one government-contracted sea-lifter and a naval landing ship recently transited the Bosphorus Strait.The logistical carrier, identified as the RoRo Altay, was photographed with what sources count as 133 Ural military-grade transport trucks above its hull.The RoRo Altay's naval accomplice was identified as the Ropucha-class landing ship 'Alexander Otrakovsky'
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mark Crossley said the goals conceded by Notts County in their 4-0 defeat at Cambridge United were the worst he had seen in three decades.
The Magpies' assistant manager gave the damning assessment after seeing the team slip to their ninth consecutive Sky Bet League Two loss.
“I've never seen four worse goals in my entire 30 years of professional football,” said Crossley, who carried out the post-match media duties instead of boss John Sheridan.
“We keep saying the same things – you can't legislate for ridiculous errors.
“You can see the lads are really, really low in confidence. We've tried to pick them up in the week, but from that performance you can see it's been a bad two months for everybody.
“I've never been as devastated in my life. I've been in the game for 30 years and I've never been as low, to be honest.
“I won't give up and I'll try keeping, and the manager will. It's up to the players to keep going as well.”
Former Nottingham Forest goalkeeper Crossley also apologised to the 360 travelling Notts County fans who witnessed the loss at the Cambs Glass Stadium.
“From my point of view, sorry is all I can say,” said Crossley.
“I've said all along, the travelling fans at Notts County are absolutely first class. The way they keep coming is unbelievable with what they've seen.
“All I can do is apologise for the performance. If you keep supporting us then hopefully we can turn it around for you because you deserve better than you're getting.”
Updated December 11, 2017 8:01 PM
Republicans are scrambling, big time, to shelter in place as Democrats prepare to take office in Nassau County and Hempstead Town.
On Tuesday, outgoing Hempstead Supervisor Anthony Santino and the Republican-controlled town board are slated to help almost 200 employees move to safe jobs or get raises.
In addition, Santino and the board are primed to approve a memorandum of agreement that would, through 2021, bar town union employees for being fired for anything other than misconduct or incompetence.
The change amounts to a no-layoff clause, which would specifically ban Hempstead's elected officials from terminating union employees “ ... for reasons due to budgetary, economy, consolidation, abolition of functions, abolition of position or curtailment of activities.”
Former Suffolk County Executive Steve Levy said he's never seen such a clause added to an existing union contract.
“It is an incredibly dangerous thing, because it ties a municipality's hands by taking away a threat of layoffs as a negotiating tactic,” said Levy, a Republican.”
In Nassau, the move to protect employees began earlier, in July, when the administration of County Executive Edward Mangano moved more than 40 politically appointed employees into competitive union positions. That protected them from firing when County Executive-elect Laura Curran takes office in January.
The maneuver by Mangano, a Republican who is fighting federal corruption charges, marks the first time an administration has reclassified job titles for a large bloc of political appointees to prevent them from easily being replaced.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Last week, Democrat Curran asked Mangano to reverse the action.
There's been no response from Mangano.
On Monday, Democratic Hempstead Supervisor-Elect Laura Gillen, citing the proposed job changes, raises and change to the union contract, called on Santino, a Republican, to resign.
Santino, however, is neither expected to resign, nor pull back the proposals from Tuesday's town board meeting.
George Maragos, the county's outgoing comptroller, meanwhile, is trying to protect his longtime personal assistant by seeking permission to move her from a politically appointed post to a protected union title. It was the sort of move Maragos criticized in July when Mangano did the same thing for the 40 appointees.
At that time, Maragos, a Republican turned Democrat, was running a primary campaign Curran. He lost — and by November was looking to do what Mangano had done, saying, “I am obligated to look out for my people.”
Nassau's Office of Human Resources is delaying action on the aide's job reclassification until County Comptroller-elect Jack Schnirman, a Democrat, takes office in January.
The Republican effort to protect and preserve so many jobs, and in so many ways, is unprecedented.
Then again, so was the GOP's losing the county executive post and — for the first time in more than 100 years — the top spot in Hempstead on a single night.
“That amounts to so many people out of work and no place to put them,” said Michael Dawidziak, a Suffolk political consultant who works mostly with Republican candidates.
None of this is illegal. “This is done in Washington, in Albany and, yes, in Mineola,” Dawidziak said. “It may make things tough for those coming in, but things don't change on election night and those in office have the power of that office until Dec 31.”
TOKYO, April 28 Mazda Motor Corp forecast on Friday a 19 percent jump in operating profit for the current financial year as the Japanese automaker expects higher sales volumes, particularly in North America, to help it recover from last year's profit slump.
Japan's No. 5 automaker said it sees operating profit coming in at 150 billion yen ($1.35 billion) in the year to March, short of an average forecast for 180.4 billion yen from 19 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Mazda posted a 45 percent fall in operating profit to 125.69 billion yen in the year just ended, hit by a slump in sedan sales in Japan and North America, its biggest market where demand has been booming for SUVs and pickup trucks.
But it expects global sales to rise 2.6 percent in the year to March to 1.6 million vehicles, partly boosted by the launch of its CX-5 compact SUV model earlier this year. It expects the strongest sales growth in North America, of 5.9 percent.
Mazda, which has a big exposure to currency swings due to its heavy reliance on exports, said currencies will have zero impact on its operating profit this year. It is assuming an average dollar rate of 108 yen, unchanged from last year, and euro of 118 yen, versus 119 yen last year. ($1 = 111.1600 yen) (Reporting by Naomi Tajitsu; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
The results of a dramatic police pursuit through Lismore on March 6.
The results of a dramatic police pursuit through Lismore on March 6. Contributed
HE HOPED to be by his partner's side when their young son undergoes a serious medical procedure some 200km away.
But the man accused of being involved in a "drug-fuelled episode" in which police cars were damaged has had a second bail application rejected, with Lismore Local Court Magistrate David Heilpern citing an "overwhelmingly strong" case against him.
Beau Alexander Smith, 30, who is accused of a Lismore CBD police pursuit which saw police cars and fences damaged on March 6, faced Lismore Local Court via video link from the Mid North Coast Correctional Centre yesterday afternoon.
Defence lawyer Kylie Anderson-Clarke said Mr Smith hoped to be released from custody to attend his young son's upcoming surgery in Brisbane.
Mr Smith blew kisses to his partner and child as Ms Anderson-Clarke explained he hoped to partake in residential rehabilitation after the surgery.
In a letter tendered to the court, his partner's father confirmed Mr Smith could reside at his Lismore Heights home if granted bail. Ms Anderson-Clarke suggested strict bail conditions, including rules similar to that of house arrest.
Magistrate David Heilpern refused bail, saying Mr Smith posed too great a risk of offending if granted bail, echoing concerns raised on March 7, the day after his arrest.
But he acknowledged the accused's keenness to be with his family.
"The defendant wants bail... to attend an operation his son has to have in Brisbane," Mr Heilpern said.
"It's fully understandable, any father would want that opportunity.
"I don't have the confidence that the defendant can comply with bail conditions."
Mr Heilpern said the alleged offence was "extremely serious" and would land Mr Smith in prison if he was convicted.
Mr Smith was charged with two counts of driving dangerously, two counts of destroying or damaging property, engaging in a police pursuit, using an offensive weapon to prevent lawful detention and driving a vehicle without ever having held a licence after the March 6 incident.
Police are still awaiting results from a blood test, which could bring a further charge relating to driving under the influence of an illicit drug.
Mr Smith's matter was adjourned to next Monday.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street took a very dark tonight as Pat Phelan planned to chain up Daniel Osbourne "for the rest of his life".
Andy Carver hit rock bottom and planned to commit suicide by taking all of the painkillers he had been storing up over time.
The former barman has seen his own freedom cruelly torn from him from Pat Phelan time after time - and it appeared that he had lost all hope in ever escaping.
But in a shock twist, Phelan finally agreed to Andy's replacement plan, with Daniel set to become his latest victim.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Recently, viewers have watched as Andy has hoped that he would be able to swap with another prisoner, but Phelan laughed off the idea.
Now it seems that Andy may finally be able to see the light of day again, at the expense of unsuspecting Daniel.
The wannabe journalist's snooping around the Calcutta flats scam has attracted the attention of Phelan, who followed him to an old people's home and threatened him on his doorstep.
(Image: ITV)
Viewers were led into thinking Andy had taken his own life by overdosing, but it was revealed he was only sleeping as Pat managed to shake some life back into him.
Revealing his new plan, the villain said: "I'm no killer, but I've found somebody else. Someone I'd be happy to see chained up in here for the rest of their lives.
"Your replacement plan, it's on son, people should really learn not to make Pat angry."
While it's bad news for one resident, Andy will be delighted to secure his freedom and could take his old job at the Bistro back.
(Image: Handout)
(Image: ITV)
Coronation Street fans were left stunned earlier this month when it was revealed Andy was alive.
He'd been presumed dead for months, but it turned out he was actually just being held hostage.
And last month it looked as though Phelan was finally going to let Andy free, planning to sneak him into France with a fake passport.
However, they were involved in a van crash and Andy took his chance to run.
But Phelan being Phelan, he came round and chased Andy, before knocking him unconscious again and taking him back to the cellar.
*Coronation Street continues tonight at 7.30pm and 8.30pm on ITV
0:43 RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll Pause
0:21 RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers
2:20 TCU students line up early Friday night ESPN's College GameDay
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
1:29 AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know
0:51 ESPN GameDay at TCU for Saturday broadcast
Joe Leesley has committed his future to Harrogate Town, but goal-machine Simon Ainge has left for pastures new.
Winger Leesley, the National League North Player of the Season, penned a new two-year deal at the CNG Stadium on Wednesday afternoon.
Simon Ainge has joined Darlington. Picture: Matt Kirkham
The 24-year-old has contributed 31 goals and 50 assists in 102 appearances in a Town shirt since joining from Alfreton Town in June 2016 and was a mainstay of the team that won promotion to the National League this season.
He will however not be linking up with striker Ainge as the club make the step up to the fifth tier of English football for the first time next term.
The former Bradford City centre-half turned centre-forward spent the latter part of 2017/18 on loan at Wrexham after losing his place in Town's starting line-up.
And he has now completed a permanent move to Darlington for an undisclosed fee.
Ainge scored 34 times in National League North in 2017 - a feat that left him second only to Tottenham and England forward Harry Kane (39) in terms of goals scored in the top six tiers of English football during the calendar year.
Despite injury problems, he still netted on 14 occasions for Town in just 16 starts in 2017/18.
Read more in Thursday's Harrogate Advertiser.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An obese mum who lost 180lbs (12.8st) in weight through therapy is planning FIVE operations to remove TWO STONE of baggy skin.
Self-confessed yo-yo dieter Wendy Epperly-Miller, 36, admits she has struggled with her weight her whole life.
Eventually - when she tipped the scales at 430lbs (30.7st) - doctors recommended the mum-of-two undergo weight loss surgery.
Wendy began counselling to change the way viewed food instead - and within six months she had lost 50lbs (3.5st).
Now an incredible 180lbs (12.8st) lighter - the super slimmer hopes to complete her transformation by getting an estimated 30lbs (two stone) of excess skin removed.
She has set up a GoFundMe page to raise money for the complex tummy tuck requiring five ops.
(Photo: Caters)
The brave stay-at-home mum shared brutally honest images to show the damage of her weight in the hopes her story will 'save another's life.'
Wendy from in Loves Park, Illinois, USA, said: "I'm an emotional eating.
"I ate a lot of processed food, junk food like pizza and chips.
"I was extremely miserable. I was depressed and cried all the time. I couldn't do it anymore.
"Once I started to go to therapy everything changed - it was like a miracle.
"Now I just feel so alive, I can play with my kids again."
(Photo: Caters)
After years of overeating, the mum of twin girls had reached her heaviest by 2014.
Ditching her failed fad diets, in 2015, she started therapy to get to the root of the problem.
Wendy said: "We went through all the hidden emotions that led me to be heavy. I had a good childhood but I was emotional dependent on food.
"I knew that I had to lose weight and I knew how but at the same time I was still eating crap and I didn't know why. I just could not get past my mind block.
"With therapy, I was able to finally view food as something I need to live and nourish my body as opposed to just living to eat."
(Photo: Caters)
Wendy quit sugar and switched to a high protein diet and six months later, after losing 50lbs, she joined her first gym.
She said: "The first time I went to the gym it was awful, I couldn't breathe and I hated it but now I am obsessed.
"Now, it is an amazing addiction."
The inspiring mum goes three or four times a week, for up to three hours at a time.
She added: "Losing the weight has changed my life.
"I was having high blood pressure but now that's improved.
"And I can chase my kids around, which they can't believe."
(Photo: Caters)
For Wendy, the next step is to rid herself of her sagging skin - a constant reminder of her past.
She said: "With the excess skin there have been many times that I have gotten a rash under my folds which burns and hurts.
"Going to the gym is so hard with all that skin hanging there making my workouts difficult as my skin slaps against my body or gets in the way.
"It's like I worked so hard to lose this weight because I am trapped with all this skin.
"I am very self-conscious. It's stopping me as I still feel depressed when I look in the mirror.
"I need five different surgeries. I need my lowest roll removed, a 360 all the way around my body, arms, legs and breasts done."
Wendy posted candid photos to show the damage her weight caused on her fundraising page: CLICK HERE TO SEE
She added: "I did hesitate at first to post the pictures.
"I was so scared that I would be judged for the way I look since I have been heavy my whole life.
"I have always self sabotaged myself so this put me in a very vulnerable position.
"I finally decided to do it because if I can save even just one life by telling and showing my story then it is worth it 100% and I feel now that it was the best decision and it feels great."
Jeff's spent the last 38 years very close to microphones and cameras. He got his first taste of broadcasting at age 9. He tagged along to his Dad's work place at Dodger Stadium and hung out in the press box. It was there he watched the some of the Los Angeles legends of broadcasting. That ballpark experience hooked him on a career in broadcasting. Jeff spent 14 years on radio stations in LA, before moving on to TV. Jeff is certified by National Weather Association, went to UCLA and Mt.San Antonio College to study meteorology.
Career highlights include 14 years at CBS and NBC in Phoenix, Arizona. Stops in San Diego, Salt Lake City, Colorado and Montana. Jeff's was a travel reporter with trips all around the globe including Australia, Cayman Islands, New Zealand and Alaska. He also spent years as a Hollywood reporter, interviewing major movie stars before the opening of new films.
In his free time, Jeff is a USA Track and Field Level 2 Coach and Masters track athlete. PSIA ski instructor and volleyball fanatic. He loves all things sports, fitness and nutrition. Weekends look for him at Stand up comedy clubs, Live blues music venues, Florida beaches and with his daughter and grandson enjoying the weather he forecast all week.
DVD-BD Combo Set SKU: 170214-63068-1
UPC: 4041036320102
Weight: 0.13 lbs
Condition: New
View All: Mike Siegel items
Product Types: Products | Movies & TV
Lines: Cult Cinema Icons | Cult Flavor | Throwback Space
Formats: Blu-ray | DVD
Genres: Action | Adventure | Crime | Drama | Exploitation | Thriller
Studio: El Dorado Productions
Item Release Date: October 1, 2016
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
ENGLISH
Inspired by a meeting with Robert Rodriguez (Grindhouse, From Dusk Till Dawn), German filmmaker Mike Siegel began a no-budget film project, with Rodriguez' $7000 sensation El Mariachi in mind. Shot on Super 16 for $12,000, Siegel completed his gangster road movie Pendechos! in 1997. Unhappy with the dialog track he shelved it and started his new film on director Sam Peckinpah. Starring James Coburn, Ernest Borgnine and Kris Kristofferson, Passion & Poetry – The Ballad Of Sam Peckinpah became an international success.
Siegel went on to co-produce international Peckinpah home video releases and in 2015 he started a crowdfunding project to give Pendechos! a second life. The 16mm footage was scanned in 2K, re-edited and equipped with a new score and sound effects. This beautifully designed film collector's edition includes a full-color liner notes guide filled with photos, tri-fold digi-pak with full-color slipcover, 2 discs featuring the DVD and Blu-ray editions of the film (both the 1999 & 2016 versions), plus loads of bonus material for film buffs to enjoy.
Welcome to the crazy world of German guerilla filmmaking!
DEUTSCH
Inspiriert von einem Treffen mit dem Regisseur Robert Rodriguez (El Mariachi, From Dusk Till Dawn) drehte der Stuttgarter Filmemacher Mike Siegel (Passion & Poetry – The Ballad Of Sam Peckinpah) den womöglich günstigsten auf Zelluloid gedrehten deutschen Actionfilm aller Zeiten: für DM 25,000.- entstand 1997 ein Roadmovie um zwei ungleiche Brüder, Amischlitten, Schießereien, trottelige Gangster, wilde Kung Fu – Kämpfe und den unvermeidlichen schwarzen Koffer.
Für die Veröffentlichung auf Blu-ray wurde das auf Super 16 gedrehte Filmmaterial komplett in 2K Auflösung gescannt, neu geschnitten und vertont. Als Synchronsprecher konnte Mike Siegel Comedy Stars wie Sascha Korf, John Doyle oder die Two and a Half Man – Sprecherin Christin Marquitan gewinnen.
Willkommen in der verrückten Welt des No-Budget Filmemachens!
Special Features
Mr. Mariachi – Interview with filmmaker Robert Rodriguez & Salma Hayek in Munich, Germany - English language (34 minutes)
No Retakes – No Surrender! - Making Pendechos! Featurette (35 minutes)
Audio commentary by filmmaker Mike Siegel
Trailer
Pendechos! 1999 & 2016 versions
Bad Takes (outtakes)
The Locations, Then and Now
Pendechos! Photos
Music video: Hawelka – Mexiko
Music video: Hawelka – Nachtfahrt
Music Video: Sol Azteca
Picture Gallery
Trailer for the documentary Passion & Poetry - The Ballad of Sam Peckinpah
Trailer for Opel GT - Driving the Dream
Specifications
Runtime: 132
Language: German
Subtitles: English
Aspect Ratio: 1.78:1
Number of Discs: 2
Directors: Mike Siegel
Related Items
Categories
Action | Adventure | Blu-ray | Crime | Cult Cinema Icons | Cult Flavor | Drama | DVD | El Dorado Productions | Exploitation | Featured | Movies & TV | Thriller | Throwback Space
BAGHDAD (AP) — An influential Iraqi Shiite cleric is urging his fighters to hand state-issued weapons back to the government following the declaration of victory against the Islamic State group.
Muqtada al-Sadr also called on his forces to hand some of the territory they control to other branches of Iraq's security forces, but said his men would remain as protectors of a holy Shiite shrine in Samarra, north of Baghdad.
Al-Sadr's speech was broadcast on Iraq television on Monday.
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared victory over IS in a national address on Saturday evening, after Iraqi forces cleared the last IS strongholds from Iraq's western desert.
Al-Sadr's fighters took up arms against IS in the summer of 2014 after the fall of Mosul and are officially part of the government-sanctioned Popular Mobilization Forces.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Sometimes I try to imagine living a life vastly different than my own. I try to imagine what it would be like to be blind and deaf throughout my life, but I can't because, fortunately for me, I have always been able to see and hear.
Why do we try to imagine a life that isn't our own?
I think we do this because curiosity in any human being is a natural, usually healthy, activity. Where would we be if we didn't imagine at all in our lives? Life would be flat and we would be stuck. For those of us who live with clinical depression, we may hesitate to venture down an imaginary “better” path, as it can quickly become fruitless and frustrating. But it needsn't be so.
Recently I dared to ask myself how much time I have spent going into, being in, and coming out of depressive episodes. I was shocked and dismayed when I summed up the months and months – actually, too many years.
Then I asked myself, “What could and would I have done with my life had it been otherwise?” Merely asking the question frightened me, as I thought I might conclude that my life, so marked with black holes, has been a terrible waste.
For the first time in my life, I allowed myself to fully consider and honestly respond to that question. It was a very sobering exercise, as the would-have-done was quite different than the what-has-been. But I quickly came up with the more important question, “What have I done with what I've been given?” Yes, life has given me this disorder. I came by it partly through family genes. I didn't “make up” my illness for some perverse or compensatory reason.
In terms of my own real career, I took on meaningful work, though I couldn't do that work constantly due to my episodes. I have carved out a meaningful lifestyle and have nurtured many friendships. And I have been writing about mood disorders for 20 years.
The short answer to “What have I done…?” is “The best I could do,” and I am doing my best now within the existing parameters of self-understanding, compassionate friends and family, and competent medical care.
My life couldn't have been different back then. I had not lost valuable opportunities. I had merely missed out on impossibilities. Having asked and answered the “back then” question, I can quite honestly say, “This has been my life. This is my life. And it is worthwhile.”
The most I, or anyone, can do today is live fully in the present. The future for those of us with mood disorders looks brighter than ever before. On the personal front, I will continue with the excellent ongoing medical care I have carefully chosen and maintained, and I will continue to seek and apply new techniques of self-care.
Now instead of asking myself, “What if I didn't have this disorder?” I ask, “What more can I do, given that I have it?”
-Nan Dickie is the facilitator of a peer-led depression support group in Salmon Arm. Meetings are held the first and third Mondays at Askews Uptown community room at noon. Everyone, including supporters, welcome. For info, email ndickie@telus.net or call 250-832-3733.
The Citizen Police Academy returns for its third year Tuesday, March 28, to connect the community and the police by educating participants about various aspects of police work.
Participants will gain insight into how their police department works and provides services to the community.
Crime scene investigation, firearms, Tasers, speed enforcement, DUI enforcement, and search and seizure — these are just some of the topics that will be covered at the academy, which meets every Tuesday from 6 to 9 p.m. for eight weeks.
Classes will be held at police headquarters located at 76 East Ridge Road.
Applicants must be 18 years old at the time of application and should live or work in Ridgefield.
An application can be found at the town's website, www.ridgefieldct.org. Click on forms and documents at the top of the page, scroll to police, and click View All. The application will be the third form listed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Joe Dunne said that Cambridge United's 0-0 draw with Morecambe was the hardest game that he had been involved in during his 13-game tenure as interim head coach.
It was a war of attrition on the Lancashire coast and one that was, at times, lacking in much quality. But the U's had to dig deep, with a team down to their bare bones and only four outfield players on the bench alongside young goalkeeper Finlay Iron, who played 24 hours beforehand.
This was particularly the case in the second half when Morecambe, who are still fighting for their lives at the bottom of the league, started to get a foothold in the match, but the U's held on to secure their 18th clean sheet of the season.
“The lads are dead on their feet, it was a really tough game, a game of attrition,” the interim head coach said.
“The circumstances behind the game, obviously with their situation going into the game, the emotion from Saturday, the energy we expelled in the game, to come up today and play a really tough game.
“There was not a lot of space anywhere, with two teams canceling each other out at times but there were good moments in the match, a few good things happened in the second half.
“But it was a real tough match, probably of all the 13 games I've been involved in, I think it was probably the toughest in terms of there not really being any flow, a team stopping us how we want to go.
“Great credit to the players for still getting something from the match and especially the goalkeeper.”
The interim head coach deployed the U's in a 4-2-3-1 formation with Dimi Mitov making his League debut in goal and Scotland-bound Uche Ikpeazu starting up front.
But, despite his limited options, he did try to mix things up as the game went on, bringing on Billy Waters for Dave Amoo to support lone striker Ikpeazu.
Things did eventually open up in the last 10 minutes but, despite not having the desired outcome, Dunne still said he was pleased with the work ethic of the team.
“We changed it a couple of times during the game to try and get the flow of the wingers and the wide players who have been so exciting ,” Dunne said.
“Going into the game I wanted to play this system I've played at home away from home just to see whether it can cause problems.
“Obviously on a bobbly pitch on a tough night, up north, all these things, we wanted to see what it was like.
“Like I said, I think Morecambe were exceptionally well organised and made it really difficult for us and closed down any space and it was really tough and that's what we want.
“You don't have thing your own way all the time, you don't have the kind of games you get on Saturday all the time and I said that in my interview before the match.
“Obviously the work ethic was there, that was important and the ability not to get beat was important and we thank the fans that have travelled.”
AUBURN, Ala. – Auburn University will remove the current Auburn Oaks at Toomer's Corner and replace them with two new live oaks Saturday, February 18.
“The fire in September severely damaged the Magnolia Avenue tree,” said Gary Keever, Auburn University horticulture professor. “The appearance of the tree is unacceptable, and we don't believe it will recover within a reasonable time period.”
University officials decided to replace the College Street tree, too, after finding two replacements that match each other in size and appearance.
“The College Street tree has failed to become established as you can see by dead branches at the top,” Keever said. “If it had not been for the fire, though, we would have pruned those branches and continued nurturing both trees.”
The famed, original Auburn Oaks were found to have been poisoned in early 2011. The university attempted to save the trees, but had to remove them once it was determined they would not survive. Two new trees were transplanted in 2015. The oak on Magnolia Avenue did not survive the move, so it was replaced a few months later by the tree that was subsequently damaged by the fire.
Keever says the new trees have a diameter of 11-12 inches and a height of 30-35 feet and should take root better because they are slightly smaller than the original replacements, which were 14 inches in diameter, and have been root pruned multiple times. The trees also were dug 12 months ago and held in a nursery prior to Auburn acquiring them, which will help accelerate establishment.
“Smaller trees generally work better for transplanting because they are more tolerant of root disturbance and because a smaller percentage of the root system is lost in digging,” Keever said.
Auburn got the two matching live oaks from central Florida and is using Twelve Oaks Landscaping of Canton, Georgia, for the transplanting, according to campus planner Ben Burmester.
“These trees should work well,” Burmester said. “They are smaller than the ones two years ago but are still large enough to look appropriate on the corner. We are committed to having vibrant trees on the corner for the Auburn Family.”
Prior to the 2016 football season, the university reinstated the tradition of rolling the trees with toilet paper after athletic wins, but rolling was halted on the Magnolia Avenue tree after the fire.
“The newly transplanted oaks should not be rolled until it's deemed they can tolerate it,” Keever said. “We enjoy tradition, but we have to balance tradition with the health of the trees.”
The university is also reminding fans not to roll the 10 smaller oaks lining the walkway from Toomer's Corner to Samford Hall. Those trees, descendants of the original Auburn Oaks, were planted in spring 2016 and are not fully established.
All children grow up, even super witch/vampire/werewolf hybrids like Hope Mikaelson.
According to TVLine, there is a decent chance that Season 5 of The Originals will see another substantial time jump, which would place Hope in her late teens. Casting for an older actress is apparently underway, meaning we'd most likely be saying goodbye to Summer Fontana in the Season 4 finale.
Julie Plec let slip at ATX last weekend that Hope would be attending The Salvatore Boarding School for the Young and Gifted, which was also a potential spinoff idea for another show set in The Vampire Diaries universe. Now, it appears as though this spinoff has been incorporated into The Originals (for now, TV Line says Hope could get her own spin-off later), and it will take place in Hope's teenage years in Mystic Falls, harkening back to a formula that worked so well for The Vampire Diaries.
Julie Plec Accidentally Lets Huge The Originals/Vampire Diaries Spoiler Slip
"Caroline (Candice King) and Alaric (Matt Davis) opening up the school for special children is one avenue we could go down for potential storyline for its own series - maybe," Kevin Williamson told Deadline back in March. "I've always wanted Klaus (Joseph Morgan) and Caroline to have another moment... So, we opened up that world to sort of suggest that they did, when it was Klaus that donated all the money to start the school."
We still haven't seen the birth of that letter that Klaus wrote with the donation on The Originals yet -- it appeared in The Vampire Diaries series finale -- but it's easy to imagine that it will coincide with the decision to send Hope to the school in the first place. It sounds like the groundwork for Hope's future at the school (and more intermingling for characters from both shows) was laid in the TVD series finale, and now we're seeing the payoff.
The Originals air Fridays at 8/7c on The CW.
South Perth businesses threatened by armed bandit The West Australian
He was only caught when a shopkeeper and a customer staged a brave citizen's arrest.
April 24 (UPI) -- Key dates have been set for the 2019 Oscars.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced in press release Monday that the 91st Academy Awards will take place Feb. 24 at the Dolby Theater in Hollywood. The awards show will air live on ABC.
The Academy's awards season will kick off Nov. 18 with the Governors Awards. Nominations voting will run Jan. 7-14, with the nominations to be announced Jan. 22.
Here are key dates for the 2019 Oscars:
Sunday, Nov. 18: Governors Awards
Monday, Jan. 7: Nominations voting opens
Monday, Jan. 14: Nominations voting closes
Tuesday, Jan. 22: Oscar nominations announced
Monday, Feb. 4: Oscar nominees luncheon
Saturday, Feb. 9: Scientific and Technical Awards
Tuesday, Feb. 12: Finals voting opens
Tuesday, Feb. 19: Finals voting closes
Sunday, Feb. 24: 91st Oscars telecast
The 2018 Oscars were held March 4 so as not to conflict with the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in February. The Shape of Water won four awards, including Best Picture and Best Director for Guillermo del Toro.
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers Pause
1:34 ESPN College GameDay host Rece Davis highlights what TCU fans should expect and does his impression of Gary Patterson
0:20 Arlington and Grand Prairie police need help identifying two purse snatchers
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
1:29 AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
0:37 Cowboys donate time, merch to Hurricane Harvey evacuees
0:36 Police rescue animals stranded at flooded Texas shelter
© NASA
Data from NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer ( WISE ) mission has shown thatThis is according to research published in the Astronomical Journal . These "long-period comets" originate from the distant Oort Cloud, and the information provided by the NASA's spacecraft is contributing to a better understanding of how common these icy worldlets might be.While most people are likely familiar with icy objects such famous comets as Halley and Shoemaker-Levy 9, the latter of which broke up and impacted the gas giant Jupiter in July 1994. These, along with nearly all of those most of us have heard about (or seen) are from the family of "short-period comets". Short-period refers to the length and distance of the period, or the time it takes to make one full orbit, of the object.Short-period comets take less than 200 years to make a full orbit around the Sun. These are generally separated into two families: Jupiter-family comets and highly inclined long-period comets. Jupiter-family comets, of which Shoemaker-Levy 9 was one, have orbital periods of less than 20 years. Long-period comets, like Halley's Comet, have orbital periods between 20 and 200 years in length.A short-period comet tends to orbit within the ecliptic - the plane of space where the planets orbit around the Sun. This is likely due to where they originate from, which is suspected to be the Kuiper Belt - the icy band of objects at the edge of the Solar System where Pluto, the majority of dwarf planets, and about a thousand other Kuiper Belt Objects (KBOs) roam. The Kuiper Belt exists at a distance of some 2.7 billion to 5.1 billion miles (4.4 billion to 8.2 billion kilometers).Unlike short-period comets, long-period comets originate from much further away in the Oort Cloud, an area of the Solar System believed to be a vast a spherical bubble of icy material thought to extend approximately 186 billion miles (300 billion kilometers) out to as far as 4.45 trillion miles (7.5 trillion kilometers). Objects originating from this area have periods greater than 200 years, with some taking thousand or even millions of years to make a single orbit.In the paper published about long-period comets, researchers looked at data from the WISE mission that did a full sky survey from 2009 to 2011. Data from an eight-month span of time was reviewed and a total of"Our study is a rare look at objects perturbed out of the Oort Cloud," said Amy Mainzer, study co-author based at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, and principal investigator of the NEOWISE mission. "They are the most pristine examples of what the Solar System was like when it formed."The study also found that there were seven times more long-period comets measuring at least 0.6 miles (1.0 kilometer) across than previously predicted, with the average width measuring 1.3 miles (2.1 kilometers), about twice as large as the average diameter of Jupiter family and long-period comets. Additionally, over that eight-month period, the number of long-period comets that passed by the Sun was 3‒5 times more than previously anticipated.The suspected reasons for the differences in the size between Jupiter-family comets and long-period comets are believed to be due to two main possibilities; the first being that because Jupiter-family comets make far more frequent trips nearer to the Sun, they are subjected to more sublimation (ice changing directly to a gas) and thus loss of total mass.Another possible cause for the size difference is due to evolutionary differences. Because the Oort Cloud is so large, and the objects within it are so widely distributed, the likelihood of objects impacting one another is reduced, giving bodies in this area a better chance of keeping their large sizes rather than suffering impacts that could break them down.When scientists reviewed the movement of these bodies, they found that there was an inclination (the angle to the ecliptic plane that the planets are aligned on) clustering at 110 degrees with an average perihelion (the closest approach to the Sun in its elliptical orbit) of 2.9 astronomical units (270 million miles / 434 million kilometers), putting their closest approach to the Sun at just past the orbit of the dwarf planet Ceres in the main asteroid belt. This could indicate that there were larger bodies that broke up over time leaving behind these icy objects.As if being big and coming at us from all different angles wasn't bad enough, comets are fast - really fast."Comets travel much faster than asteroids, and some of them are very big," Mainzer said. "Studies like this will help us define what kind of hazard long-period comets may pose."NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory managed and operated WISE for NASA's Science Mission Directorate located in Washington. The NEOWISE project is funded by the Near Earth Object Observation Program, now part of NASA's Planetary Defense Coordination Office. The spacecraft was put into hibernation mode in 2011 after twice scanned the entire sky, thereby completing its main objectives. In September 2013, WISE was reactivated, renamed NEOWISE and assigned a new mission to assist NASA's efforts to identify potentially hazardous near-Earth objects.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Love Island star Kendall Rae-Knight has admitted she turned to Botox before the show.
The 26-year-old retail manager revealed she was abused on a modelling assignment and told they would 'photoshop her out'.
Kendall said she got Botox after feeling paranoid about her looks, but apart from that would like to stay 'as natural as possible.
She said: “I have had botox. It was quite a silly reason but I was on a photoshoot, I won't say who for, but the photographer and agent who booked me was saying over and over again in front of me 'we are going to have to photoshop her out' because the last model was a lot more fresh faced.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
“I got paranoid and it played on my mind for quite a bit so I went and got it done. Apart from that I like to be as natural as possible and have my own teeth and boobs.”
Kendall was engaged last year and thought she could be getting married in 2018.
But after a sudden split in October she has been left looking for love again and has signed up for the show.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
Kendall said: “I've never been on a dating show before and I thought it was time to move on from my ex. We were together for five years and got engaged last June.
"He ended things in October just out of the blue. He woke up and said he didn't love me anymore and wanted to spend time with the lads. I was so shocked I didn't take it very well and I was absolutely heartbroken.
“At the beginning of the year I dated one person but it didn't feel right. This is like starting all over. I am hoping the girls can give me some pointers for when I go on some dates.
“Only my mum and my sister know I am doing it, not my ex, I dunno what he will think.”
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
Kendall said her mum was full of encouragement for entering the ITV series and was even unphased by the prospect of her daughter getting intimate on camera.
She added: “My mum said go for it. She said if anything the only regret I had when I was younger was not getting enough grass stains! So she is not bothered.
To be honest I am not the sort of person to put eggs in lots of baskets. I put all my eggs in one basket so I dont sleep around.
“I don't have a strong opinion on either or having sex on TV. If you really really connect with someone and you are with them for eight weeks and you get intimate with them.
“If it is done in the right way I dont think it will be a bad thing. My mum said just to do whatever you feel is right at the time.”
*Love Island starts on Monday on ITV2 at 9pm
Donald Trump is upstaged by the Easter Bunny
Will you be picking up yours this Easter?
Melania Trump has to REMIND Donald Trump to raise
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump hosted the annual Easter Egg Roll at the White House on Monday.
But while the President was busy sending warnings to North Korea and upsetting little kids, onlookers were distracted by something else altogether.
Trump addressed the crowd at the 139th annual Easter Egg Roll from the Truman balcony of the White House, joined by wife Melania, son Barron - and the Easter Bunny.
Not one to let a Trump photocall pass without creating a new meme, Twitter was quick to react to the unsettling scenario.
(Photo: Barcroft Media)
Let's also not forget that Press Secretary Sean Spicer once fulfilled the role of the official White House Easter Bunny.
(Photo: Getty Images North America)
(Photo: AFP)
Trump was also caught on camera signing a little boy's Easter hat - before tossing it into the crowd instead of handing it back to the child.
The President is seen signing the red 'Make America Great Again' cap with a black marker before throwing it into a swarm of supporters.
While Trump laughs and moves on to sign another hat, the little boy and his family yell "No!"
(Photo: Reuters)
(Photo: Reuters)
The White House's Easter Egg Roll , a big event in Washington DC every year, is an opportunity for the president to meet and greet the public.
Speaking at this year's event, he said: "This is the 139th Easter Egg Roll. Think of it. It began a long time ago, 1878.
"And we will be stronger and bigger an better as a nation than ever before. We are right on track. You see what's happening, and we are right on track. So thank you everybody for being here.”
Activities at the event include a 'Bunny Hop' stage and a reading area, along with a station where kids can whack eggs with wooden spoons.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eggs sometimes explode in the microwave, so it's probably wise to cook them conventionally on the hob or in a frying pan from now on.
You might have encountered 'popping' eggs when cooking them by convection. This is common, but messy and best avoided.
It turns out that microwaving hard-boiled eggs can result in an even worse scenario.
People are talking about all this at the moment because a man recently filed a lawsuit claiming that he'd suffered severe burns and hearing damage from a hard-boiled egg. In restaurants, it's fairly common for the dish to be prepared in advance and reheated afterwards for effienciency during service.
(Image: Getty Images)
Apparently, the egg had exploded in the complainant's mouth after he bit into it. The lawsuit was settled out of court, according to IFL, but research into the phenomenon has since continued.
According to Anthony Nash and Lauren von Blohn from Charles M. Salter Associates in San Francisco, who had previously watched numerous videos of exploding microwave eggs on the internet, many of those tested by the team did the same.
Around 30 per cent only exploded after being taken out at poked with a sharp object.
The eggs in the experiment were hard-boiled, placed in a water bath, and then heated for three minutes.
The research showed that it is unlikely that the man suing for damages lost his hearing as a result of the egg explosion, which took place in his mouth.
"On a statistical basis, the likelihood of an egg exploding and damaging someone's hearing is quite remote," Nash said in a statement.
"It's a little bit like playing egg roulette."
However, most people are in agreement that reheating eggs in the microwave is a treacherous endevour.
IFL says that the bizarre happening "may be due to the protein in the egg trapping pockets of water in the yolk, which are then superheated well above the boiling temperature of tap water.
"When these pockets are disturbed, either by poking the egg or biting into it, they all boil in a chain reaction and explode."
Two children fell when a railing gave way on a second floor balcony of a building in Perth Amboy, New Jersey. Tragically, one child was killed and another was injured.It happened after 5 p.m. on Brighton Avenue."It's a tragic accident," said Andrew Carey, Middlesex County Prosecutor.Police spent all night taking measure of this tragedy. It is such a difficult case that one officer, who was among the first on the scene, was himself overwhelmed.It happened after school on this quiet residential block by the Raritan River.Investigators say the 9-year-old boy who lives there was playing with a 13-year-old friend from down the block. Adults were inside, and the kids were on the balcony."The railing did give way. I can't give a reason why it gave way, but it looked like the two boys were on the balcony together, in a playful manner, and the balcony gave way," Carey said.Paramedics rushed both boys to the hospital but doctors could do nothing to save the 9 year old, a student at nearby Wilentz Elementary School.Detectives are trying to figure out what went wrong."At this point this incident looks like a tragic accident, there is no indication of criminality, we will complete our investigation to make sure that's the case," Carey said.But whatever they conclude won't really have much impact on the worst night of a family's life.
(NEW YORK) -- The popular product review site the Wirecutter has released their top picks for rain gear, just in time for those looking for footwear and umbrellas that keep yo...
Predominant use of potato in the global food industry has prompted several food investigators and biotech scientists in studying its nutritional value. The arrival of potato protein has been instrumented by advancements in food technology and a soaring demand for protein-rich foods. Increasing inclination of consumers toward plant-based proteins has further propelled the consumption of potato protein. New production techniques and experimental trials are being conducted to enhance the production of potato proteins for large-scale production. However, low awareness among consumers and complexities in techniques involved with production of potato proteins has deterred the growth of the global potato protein market.
Transparency Market Research observes that these factors will continue to inhibit the growth of the global potato protein market for the foreseeable future. According to the report, the global market for potato proteins is expected to witness a moderate growth at 3.6% CAGR in terms of value, during the forecast period, 2017-2026. It has been estimated that by the end of 2026, more than US$ 150 Mn worth of potato protein will be consumed across the globe.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=36767
High Demand for Protein Concentrates to Spearhead Market Growth
The report estimates that throughout the forecast period, the sales of potato protein concentrates will outpace the sales of potato protein isolates. High demand for dietary consumption of protein concentrates is expected to drive the demand for potato protein concentrates in the near future. The report estimates that by the end of 2026, over US$ 86 Mn worth of potato protein concentrates will be consumed globally. In addition, the report also reveals that potato protein concentrates will register a healthy value CAGR compared to potato protein isolates.
Animal Feed Applications to Register Impressive Traction in terms of Value during 2017-2026
On the basis of applications, the report has observed that potato protein will be predominantly used to make animal feed in the future. Animal feed production is expected to account for more than 20% of the market value throughout the forecast period. The report also observes that potato proteins will find lucrative application in production of dairy products. Their nutritional value enables diary product manufacturers in extending the energy content of their products. In addition, low prices of potato protein make them suitable for large-scale dairy product manufacturing. Over the forecast period, diary product applications of potato protein are expected to translate a revenue growth at 4.8% CAGR.
Key Producers
Roquette, Solanic BV (AVEBE Group), Omega Protein Corporation, Agrana, Kerry Group plc., E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, Cargill, Archer Daniels Midland Company, Südstärke, KMC Ingredients, Peppes Group, AKV Langholt, Meelunie, and Emsland Group have been identified as the global leaders in production of potato protein. These companies have been extensively profiled in the report, and are expected to instrument the market's growth through 2026. Adopting the latest product techniques will be prioritized by these companies. Several potato protein market participants are also expected to work towards making the procurement of raw potatoes and ingredients more cost-effective in the near future.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/potato-protein-market.htm
Europe to Remain Key Consumer Marketplace for Potato Proteins
European consumers will continue to adopt potato protein in their dietary lifestyles. In addition, several potato protein market players are based in the UK, Spain and other parts of the Europe. Through 2026, Europe will represent the largest consumer marketplace for potato proteins. By the end of the forecast period, Europe's potato protein market is expected to touch a valuation of US$ 50 Mn.
Shimla: Two brothers were arrested on Saturday for allegedly killing two Nepalese nationals in Shoghi, 13 Km from here, police said.
The police have also Rs 2.38 lakh in cash allegedly looted by the two accused from victims as Navin (32), a resident of Ponta Sahib, and Chandra Prakash (19), resident of Renuka, whose bodies were recovered from a ditch, they said.
The deceased were brothers-in-law and worked as driver and conductor of a tempo which has also been recovered.
The accused, Naresh and Rakesh, both brothers were arrested from Kun village in Sirmaur district after the police scanned the mobile phone call records of the victims and followed the persons who made the last call, the police said.
Director General of Police S R Mardi said the police also scanned CCTV cameras at two locations on Dhalli-Shoghi road and found that two vehicles were moving at a short distance from each other.
The owner identified the vehicles in CCTV footage and told the police that he was owner of both the vehicles and the deceased and the culprits were working for him, he said.
The police found blood on the road and in the back of the victims' vehicle. An attempt was made to show it as an accident, the DGP said.
But police got suspicious and tracked the location of Rakesh and Naresh and arrested them from Kun village in Sirmaur district, he said.
The police recovered Rs 91,000 in cash from Naresh and the remaining cash from Rakesh, hidden in agriculture field, the DGP said.
The victims were returning after getting a payment of Rs 2.38 lakh from a party from Karsog and the accused, who were in Kumarsein, were aware of it and established contact with them, Mardi said.
Erik Mauro
CONTRIBUTOR
After a rough 2017 season, the Omaha Maverick Volleyball team kicked off their spring schedule two weeks ago. They traveled for the first few weeks and finally returned home last Thursday, facing South Dakota in a Summit League preview. They needed a little home-cookin' as the Mavs took the match 3-1. Omaha concludes the home schedule against Drake this Saturday at the Sapp Fieldhouse. The match starts at 1 p.m.
South Dakota had a fine season last year, posting a 17-11 record with a 10-4 conference record. They beat Fort Wayne in the conference tournament before being eliminated by Oral Roberts. The ‘Yotes swept the Mavs in both matches last year. Did Omaha do a little foreshadowing for this upcoming season, perhaps? Both teams split the first two sets by scores of 25-21 and 21-25. The Mavericks would then win the next two sets with relative ease to take the match.
On the other side, last season the Mavericks limped to just a 10-18 season but fared better in Summit League play at 7-7 before being eliminated by North Dakota State. Part of the struggles were because of such a young roster. The Mavs only had two seniors and two juniors which is an encouraging sign for a better season in 2018.
The Mavs return their four leading killers from last season along with their two leading blockers, another sign for optimism this fall. The Mavs added two transfers this offseason. Junior libero Courtney Morehead comes from Drake and sophomore setter Jaclyn Taylor from Creighton. A third transfer, Claire Leonard, will join the program from Canisius College in New York.
Coach Rose Shires will enter her 28th season as head coach this fall. Shires already holds the school record for the most wins, is just 17 wins away from 500 in her career and may very well reach it.
Comments
comments
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A five foot high snow penis has been giving people the giggles in the Cambridgeshire town of Chatteris.
While most people were busy building snowmen and making snow angels when the snow fell on Sunday (December 10), two friends carefully crafted a sculpture of a very different kind in the middle of the road.
Posting a picture of the impressive sight on a village community page yesterday (December 10), one local said she found it "so funny".
"Chatteris in all its glory. Delete if not allowed," she joked.
So far the post has gathered 457 likes and 49 comments from locals who also found it a source of amusement.
Local Alan Growler later added: "I just saw some kids carting it away with what looked like a shopping trolley."
The men responsible for the prank, Mark Harris and his friend Connall Beith, told the News they built it to put a smile on people's faces.
"We decided to make it for a couple of reasons, mostly just because we thought it would be funny and it seemed to put a lot of smiles on people's faces," said Mark. "The majority of traffic slowed down, stopping to take pictures and laughing as they drove past.
"Ultimately, we were just having a bit of fun and trying to bring a bit of humour to the community, which most people really enjoyed and appreciated."
It is estimated around 20cm of snow fell over Cambridgeshire on Sunday.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:24 Fire engulfs vacant house on Fort Worth Avenue
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
3:08 Mac Attack says Cowboys won't repeat '07 gags
© Mercury Press
A student has been left baffled after apparently finding a bizarre note inside her Amazon delivery which said: "Please help!"Zahina Rani, 18, received a belated present from her sister Sanna who asked for a birthday message to be included.But on the back of the gift message Zahina said she was shocked to find the apparent desperate handwritten note which also said: "Amazon is painful".Zahina, from Birmingham, said: "When I first opened the parcel I read the message and my sister spotted that behind the paper was this note."I was in shock and started laughing. It seems like people must be having a tough time working there."It's really crazy, workers must be in bother."I thought it was a joke but then later thought what if someone was in real bother?"Amazon has now launched an investigation and claims it is taking the note "very seriously".The pair said they discovered the note on Wednesday after receiving the present - an eye shadow palette for Zahina's 18th birthday.Zahina claims the note was left inside the parcel - but it is not clear if it was included by a worker, delivery driver or a prankster.She said: "I thinkitself."My sister ordered me a late birthday present and wrote a message as there is a place you can write a message for someone."I have been ordering on Amazon for the past year and never had this happen. It seemed pretty odd."I put this on my social media accounts for a laugh but some of my followers on Facebook and Instagram got in touch with me and said it is a real pain and they would never work there again.. They provide a service for same day delivery and next day delivery, so it must be really hard."She posted the picture on Facebook and said: "So guys, isn't this weird? For the first time an Amazon parcel came that had this note.
President Trump called Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Monday to congratulate him on "his recent referendum victory," the White House confirmed. A narrow 51 percent of Turks approved a referendum on Sunday that granted Erdoğan broad new powers, according to unofficial results, changing Turkey from a parliamentary democracy to an executive presidency, most consequently giving the president power to appoint judges and prosecutors.
Opponents of the referendum, carried out under a state of emergency in place since an attempted coup in July, are calling for a recount of about at least a third of the vote, and election monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) say the voting was marred and fell "well short" of democratic norms, in part because opposition to the referendum was almost entirely excluded from Turkish media made for an "uneven playing field." Under the emergency powers, Turkey has arrested some 40,000 Erdoğan critics, including a record number of journalists, and fired at least 100,000 more Turks.
U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner nodded toward Turkey's apparent slide toward authoritarianism on Monday, saying the U.S. expects Turkey's government "to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of all its citizens" and supports "Turkey's democratic development, to which commitment to the rule of law and a diverse and free media remain essential." European leaders adopted a similar tone, with German Chancellor Angela Merkel cautioning that the "tight referendum result shows how deeply divided Turkish society is and that means a big responsibility for the Turkish leadership and for President Erdoğan personally."
Erdoğan, an Islamist who has led Turkey since 2003 as prime minister and then president, hit back at his European critics and what he called a "Crusader mentality in the West" on Monday, telling supporters that the OSCE "should know its place" and he doesn't "care about the opinions of 'Hans' or 'George,'" apparently a stand-in for European critics. "All debates about the constitutional referendum are now over," he said.
Europe is depending on Turkey to stem the northward flow of Syrian immigrants and the U.S. uses Turkey's Incirlik air base to attack Islamic State targets in Syria. "Both the U.S. and E.U. are in a bind," Michael Werz, a Turkey analyst with the Center for American Progress, tells The Washington Post. "They can either [disagree with] the OSCE findings, or they can say the truth: It was not a free and fair election." Peter Weber
Related Coverage Facebook bans Trump-affiliated data firm Cambridge Analytica
(AP) — Lawmakers on both sides of the Atlantic criticized Facebook and its chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, after reports surfaced that another company, Cambridge Analytica, improperly harvested information from 50 million Facebook users.
A British lawmaker accused Facebook on Sunday of misleading officials by downplaying the risk of users' data being shared without their consent.
Conservative legislator Damian Collins, who heads the British Parliament's media committee, said he would ask Zuckerberg or another Facebook executive to appear before his panel, which is investigating disinformation and “fake news.”
Collins said Facebook has “consistently understated” the risk of data leaks and gave misleading answers to the committee.
“Someone has to take responsibility for this,” he said. “It's time for Mark Zuckerberg to stop hiding behind his Facebook page.”
Collins also accused the head of the U.K.-based data firm Cambridge Analytica, Alexander Nix, of lying. Nix told the committee last month that his firm had not received data from a researcher accused of obtaining millions of Facebook users' personal information.
In Washington, Sen. Amy Klobuchar, a Democrat from Minnesota, said on Twitter that Zuckerberg “needs to testify before Senate Judiciary.”
Related Content: Facebook bans Trump-affiliated data firm Cambridge Analytica
“This is a major breach that must be investigated,” Klobuchar, a member of the Judiciary Committee, said. “It's clear these platforms can't police themselves.”
Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, echoed Klobuchar's complaint.
“This is more evidence that the online political advertising market is essentially the Wild West,” he said. “It's clear that, left unregulated, this market will continue to be prone to deception and lacking in transparency.”
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey said on Twitter that “Massachusetts residents deserve answers” and announced that her office will investigate.
The officials reacted to reports in The New York Times and The Guardian of London that Cambridge Analytica, which is best known for working on President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign, had improperly obtained Facebook user data and retained it after claiming it had deleted the information.
Former Cambridge Analytica employee Chris Wylie said that the company obtained information from 50 million Facebook users, using it to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Wylie told Britain's Channel 4 news that the company was able to amass a huge database very quickly from an app developed by an academic that vacuumed up data from Facebook users who agreed to fill out a survey, as well as their friends and contacts — a process of which most were unaware.
“Imagine I go and ask you: I say, ‘Hey, if I give you a dollar, two dollars, could you fill up this survey for me, just do it on this app', and you say, ‘Fine,'” he said. “I don't just capture what your responses are, I capture all of the information about you from Facebook. But also this app then crawls through your social network and captures all of that data also.”
Wylie said that allowed the company to get roughly “50 million plus” Facebook records in several months and he criticized Facebook for facilitating the process.
“Why Facebook didn't make more inquiries when they started seeing that, you know, tens of millions of records were being pulled this way, I don't know,” he said.
Lawmaker Collins said he would summon Nix to reappear before the Parliament committee.
“It seems clear that he has deliberately misled the committee and Parliament by giving false statements,” Collins said.
Rome, May 30 - A 77-year-old woman died after falling down the lift shaft from the sixth floor of her building in Rome on Wednesday, sources said. The accident took place on Viale Regina Margherita, the sources said. The woman is believed to have died instantly.
The makers of Sesame Street on Wednesday lost a bid in Manhattan federal court to block a raunchy new R-rated film with Muppet-like puppets from using a promotional trailer that references their wholesome children's show.
U.S. District Judge Vincent Broderick, in a ruling from the bench, said there wasn't enough evidence that the adult-themed Melissa McCarthy “Happytime Murders” puppet film confused viewers or tarnished the Sesame Street brand by using the slogan, “No Sesame. All Street” in its trailers.
Instead, Broderick said, the slogan was technically a “humorous, pithy” disclaimer of any connection with the children's show's producer, Sesame Street Workshop.
“The trailer in no way indicates that plaintiff is in any way associated with the film,” the judge said.
The STX Entertainment movie, directed by the son of Muppets creator Jim Henson, was described by the company's chairman as a film showing that when “Kermit the Frog and Miss Piggy go home at night and there are no cameras around and no children, it's filthy.”
The company said it had used the “All Sesame. No Street” slogan in trailers played at 270 movie theaters in New York alone, as well as on thousands of posters and in an internet campaign that would cost $1.4 million to recall and re-craft.
A lawyer for Sesame Street said the filmmakers could have easily used other slogans — ranging from “Naughty Puppets” to “Puppets Act Freaky” — instead of a slogan that exploited Sesame Street's trademark.
But Broderick said that he saw no evidence that Sesame Street was losing viewers or advertisers because of association with a lewd puppet movie, and predicted that any harm will quickly dissipate by August when the promotion gives way to the film's release.
Sign up for Newsday's Entertainment newsletter Get the latest on celebs, TV and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“The trailer is not the movie, and once the film is being played, the trailer becomes less of an issue,” the judge said.
Video shows a massive spiderweb created by thousands of spiders fleeing a flood in New Zealand.It happened on Sunday, April 16th in Papamoa, a suburb of Tauranga, which had seen flooding during Cyclone Cook.Tracey Maris saw the massive web on Sunday, and recorded her experience."We were down below the newly made tsunami evacuation mound on our local football field and there was a bright glistening coming from the top of the mound - it looked almost like the hill was sparkling but we were unsure why," said Maris."So my 10-year-old daughter and I raced up to look and were shocked to learn it was all spider web. Kind of yuck, but really beautiful at the same time. I was amazed being up on top of the mound seeing how far it stretched for," said Maris.Check out the video in the media player above.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Over the last five years, I have tested over 400 sex toys - that's a lot of orgasms!
Although the objective of reaching climax is always the same, the technology to provoke an orgasm is constantly evolving.
For example, batteries have almost become a thing of the past as these days, most sex toys are rechargeable.
They are also made from soft, body-safe materials and packaged in elegant boxes. Their features are also becoming increasingly sophisticated.
There are even app-controlled toys that can be controlled by a partner on the other side of the world.
I've also tested hands-free toys and even clitoral suction devices, which are gaining popularity lately, such as Sona from Lelo.
Myth of the 'veiny phallus'
(Image: Venus O'Hara)
In fact, in my entire collection, there is not one single realistic veiny phallus. It seems that the less realistic the toy, the better.
Whereas in the sex doll world, the tendency is to create an unattainable representation of idealised female beauty.
A sex doll isn't just another sex toy; it's more like a human replacement.
When the big day of the filming came, the BBC crew arrived at my flat with ‘Steven', the sex doll I was going to test.
I couldn't believe it when I saw the size of the box. It was like a cardboard coffin.
"I had to assemble Steven the sex doll"
(Image: Venus O'Hara)
Not only was it incredibly heavy, it was also very difficult to move. Needless to say, it was the weirdest unboxing ever.
Especially when I discovered that I had to assemble him.
I had to screw his effeminate head onto the neck his masculine torso, which sported a very impressive six-pack. Then I lifted him out of the box, with some help.
Upon further inspection, I discovered that Steven had a kissable mouth that was also suitable for penetration.
I couldn't resist spanking his disturbingly pert rump a couple of times. I couldn't believe it when the slapping sound was so similar that of a human spanking sound.
After a few strikes, my arm got tired, so I lay him face up so as not to be distracted by his tempting derriere.
"The huge phallus was far too big"
Interestingly, there was a hole where his manhood was supposed to be, allowing for interchangeable dildos. One size does not fit all and the huge phallus that he came packaged with was far too big for me.
Once Steven was in position on my sofa, the crew left so that we could get down to business.
(Image: Venus O'Hara)
The first thing I did was rip his plastic penis off and replace it with a much smaller, curved dildo from my own collection.
This was much more manageable. I rolled a condom on it and then I straddled him.
As I bounced up and down his length, I looked down at my silicone lover. He stared blankly at the ceiling, totally devoid of any expression whatsoever. It was like having sex with someone who's just not into you.
I couldn't help but think how strange this all was. I was doing this to get on TV, I had to remind myself.
However, not even the prospect of my fifteen minutes of fame was enough to get me off. I needed a powerful clitoral stimulator. So I got off him and grabbed one of my most trusted sex toys. Then I straddled him again, but this time I stimulated my clitoris as I rode him.
A creepy encounter
I closed my eyes and accessed my personal mental repertoire of very human fantasies and was able to reach climax in no time.
My orgasmic relief was doubly satisfying because I was glad that my creepiest sex toy test ever was finally over.
Shortly afterwards, the crew returned and I gave my post-test interview.
We repackaged Steven and left him there in the middle of my lounge floor. I was expecting to get rid of him the following day.
Unfortunately, finding a logistics company that was prepared to collect such a big package from my penthouse apartment, with no lift, proved to be a challenge.
Finally, I found one and the poor guy who had to haul it down the stairwell almost refused to collect Steven. ‘I'll complain to your manager', I threatened.
Instead of arguing, he proceeded to drag the heavy box from my lounge. Even after a couple of steps, he was struggling. ‘What on earth is inside this box?' He asked, frowning with curiosity.
(Image: Venus O'Hara)
‘Exercise equipment,' I lied, and then thanked him before the closing the door. I did feel bad, briefly, but I was so relieved to see the back of Steven.
No match for the best sellers
A male sex doll could never be as popular as the rabbit vibrator, which is still the best selling female sex toy in the world. Besides, most women need clitoral stimulation to reach orgasm and love dolls like Steven cannot provide it at present.
I don't think sex dolls will be replacing real men any time soon either. Nothing can compare to the sensations inherent to organic, consensual, human sexual encounters where there is a genuine, mutual desire.
Despite this, sex dolls could definitely be improved upon. For example, the inclusion of a range of voice-controlled features could have much more market potential.
It would amaze if a future ‘Steven' was equipped with cunnilinguistic capabilities, a skillful thrusting pelvis with several speed options, and caressing hands.
If they ever make a male sex doll like that, let me know because I'd definitely be up for trying it. But just out of curiosity, of course.
In the end, I didn't even get my full fifteen minutes of fame. It was closer to five. Oh well.
Watch Sex Robots and Us presented by James Young on BBC Three here .
LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) — Glynn Watson Jr. and Jack McVeigh scored 15 points apiece to lead four Nebraska players in double figures, and the Cornhuskers used their best shooting half of the season to set the tone in an 82-66 victory over Penn State on Tuesday night.
Jordy Tshimanga and Tai Webster had 12 points each for the Huskers (11-14, 5-8 Big Ten), who ended a three-game losing streak.
Tony Carr had 15 points and Lamar Stevens added 13 to pace Penn State (14-13, 6-8), which lost for the first time in three games.
The Huskers shot 63 percent in the first half. McVeigh scored five points at the start of a 10-3 spurt that got them out to a 34-25 lead, and he beat the buzzer with a swish from the half-court line to make it 45-37 at half.
NEW YORK (AP) — Pop stars are invading the Golden Globes again this year with nominees such as Mariah Carey, Nick Jonas and Mary J. Blige, who is up for two awards.
Blige earned nominations Monday for her role in the Dee Rees' period film “Mudbound.” She's up for best supporting actress in a motion picture and best original song for “Mighty River,” which she co-wrote with Raphael Saadiq and Taura Stinson.
Jonas and Carey, who has co-written most of her No. 1 hit songs, are up for their first Golden Globes, both for best original song. Carey is nominated for the Christmas tune “The Star,” from the animated movie of the same name. Jonas is nominated for “Home” from the animated film “Ferdinand.”
Other best original song nominees include Oscar-winning composers. Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, the husband-and-wife songwriting duo behind “Let It Go” from “Frozen,” are nominated for “Remember Me” from the film “Coco,” while Benj Pasek and Justin Paul — who earned an Oscar this year for “City of Stars” from “La La Land,” are up for “This Is Me” from “The Greatest Showman.”
click to enlarge Provided
The egg white foam on the Two Worlds In Thyme is a sight to behold.
click to enlarge Provided
click to enlarge Mary Scott Hardaway
Art can inspire myriad reactions — awe, joy, utter confusion. Astheater critic Maura Hogan writes in this week's Spoleto Festival USA overview , art can also make one question the very framework of our every day: What is the time, really, and how should we spend it?"In the first days of Spoleto Festival USA 2018, artists everywhere are minding the time," writes Hogan. "They rue how it slips through their fingers. They chase it dancing from past to present and back to the past. They pine for earlier eras, adding poignant, plaintive context to the here and the now. And they reanimate artists whose time on earth may have ended, but their relevance and resonance endure."During the 17-day international arts fest, the theater/opera/dance/concert-goer may be inspired to throw back a libation or two, pre-show, time permitting. If you happen to be taking in operasand/orbe sure to taste test their accompanying cocktails.Made with thyme-infused Aperol, rum, vermouth, gin, lemon, egg white, and citrus-thyme syrup, this refreshing sip is inspired by Liza Lim's contemporary operaThe production produced more questions than answers for this reviewer , but as Hogan allows, "You may find, like I did, that it will permeate your psyche in strange, new ways." And if anything will prepare your mind for a trippy trip into the unknown, a tart/herbal rum beverage served up at the oh-so-charming Zero Restaurant + Bar should do the trick.Remaining showtimes are Fri. June 1, Mon. June 4, and Thurs. June 7 all at 7:30 p.m.Made with vodka, chile liqueur, citrus juice, and Campari and served with a hunk of ice sprinkled with cayenne, Le Farfalle's A Fiery End cocktail is inspired by Italian opera. Reviewer Heath Ellison says that "Finding problems with Cigni's adaptation ofis kind of like looking for flaws at a five-star restaurant, just because you want to tell your hipster friends that it wasn't that good." The same goes for the drink. With just the right kick of heat, the concoction is made to mimic Dante'sit'slayered so that the sipper feels as if they're traveling (in a good way) to a fiery end.Remaining showtimes are Sun. June 3, Wed. June 6, and Fri. June 8.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A dad shot dead eleven people including his eight-year-old son and ex-wife in a New Year's Eve massacre.
Sidnei Araujo, 46, burst into a family party in Campinas, a city near São Paulo in Brazil, and went on a killing spree armed with a handgun.
He killed eleven people including his ex-wife Isamara Filier, with whom he had been locked in a bitter custody battle, and their son João Victor before turning the gun on himself.
One man was shot in the leg but survived by pretending to be dead, his sister said.
A teenager who was also at the party told O Globo TV station: "At first, I thought it was nothing, then I realised I had heard gunshots."
"I hid in the bathroom. He tried to break the door, but couldn't."
Police found a 9mm pistol, a pocket knife and explosives on Araujo's body.
The other victims, who were all adults, included Isamara's 33-year-old brother Rafael.
Liliane Ferreira, who was hosting the party, was killed along with five of her relatives.
Her husband was wounded and remains in hospital.
Araujo left an audio message on his mobile phone apologising and blaming his ex-wife.
He was a government scientist at the National Center for Research in Energy and Materials and had studied at prestigious universities.
Friends have been left shocked by his actions.
One wrote online: "He's always been wonderful. We grew up together.
"You can not believe he did such outrage. He was an example of a person."
President Calvin Coolidge celebrated the 150th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence on July 4, 1926, with a speech providing a magisterial review of the history and thought underlying the Declaration. His speech on the occasion deserves to be read and studied in its entirety. The following paragraph, however, is particularly relevant to the challenge that confronts us in the variants of the progressive dogma that pass themselves off today as the higher wisdom:
About the Declaration there is a finality that is exceedingly restful. It is often asserted that the world has made a great deal of progress since 1776, that we have had new thoughts and new experiences which have given us a great advance over the people of that day, and that we may therefore very well discard their conclusions for something more modern. But that reasoning can not be applied to this great charter. If all men are created equal, that is final. If they are endowed with inalienable rights, that is final. If governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, that is final. No advance, no progress can be made beyond these propositions. If anyone wishes to deny their truth or their soundness, the only direction in which he can proceed historically is not forward, but backward toward the time when there was no equality, no rights of the individual, no rule of the people. Those who wish to proceed in that direction can not lay claim to progress. They are reactionary. Their ideas are not more modern, but more ancient, than those of the Revolutionary fathers.
Derbyshire Constabulary is warning about a new scam in which vulnerable and elderly people are getting tricked by fraudsters who tell them to buy iTunes gift cards to pay their tax bills.
The cruel offenders fooled one victim into handing over £15,000 worth of gift cards.
Most victims are over 65 and lose £1,150 each on average.
The force has issued the advice to try and raise awareness and has encouraged people to tell their loved ones.
Detective Inspector Debbie King, who leads Derbyshire police's economic crime unit, said: “Criminals are always changing the methods they use and this is the latest ruse to defraud people of their money.
“This type of crime is often directed at vulnerable members of society who are more likely to be taken in by this type of fraud.
“iTunes gift cards are easily redeemed and easily sold on. Scammers don't need the physical card to redeem the value and instead get victims to read out the serial code on the back over the phone.
“The same scam has been used in the USA where criminals posed as attorneys, debt collectors and even police officers.
“We have been backing the Take Five campaigns and I would urge anyone to take five minutes to make sure they pass the below advice onto friends, family and colleagues.”
Security schemes such as the Banking Protocol are designed to stop people from withdrawing large amounts of money unchallenged, however, this scam bypasses those procedures and can leave people thousands of pounds out of pocket.
There are three main ways in which fraudsters are contacting victims. These are through:
- Voicemails: Fraudsters are leaving victims automated voicemails saying that they owe HMRC unpaid taxes. When victims call back on the number provided, they are told that there is a warrant out in their name and if they don't pay, the police will arrest them.
- Spoofed calls: Phone numbers are able to be hijacked with criminals able to ring from what looks to be the official HMRC number - 0300 200 3300 – and convincing them that they owe unpaid tax.
- Text messages: Fraudsters are sending text messages that require victims to urgently call back on the number provided. When victims call back, they are told that there is a case being built against them for an outstanding debt and they must pay immediately.
While people have been taken in by this scam are some simple ways to make sure you, or others you may know, don't become a victim. These are:
- HMRC will never use texts to tell you about a tax rebate or penalty or ever ask for payment in this way.
- Telephone numbers and text messages can easily be spoofed. You should never trust the number you see on your telephones display.
- If you receive a suspicious cold call, end it immediately.
- Do not provide the numbers on the back of the card to someone you do not know.
- Immediately report potential scams to www.actionfraud.police.uk or call 0300 123 2040.
The good news?
There seems to be even less traffic on the roads this morning than any day last week.
If you're heading to work today, enjoy the drive.
More good news? Sure, why not.
While Ottawa awoke to temperatures around -9 C on Monday morning, that cold won't last.
Environment Canada is predicting that we'll hit -1 C today and 1 C tomorrow.
And now for the bad news:
Those rising temperatures mean that a freezing rain warning is in effect.
From Environment Canada:
“Freezing rain warning in effect for:
Ottawa North – Kanata – Orléans
Ottawa South – Richmond – Metcalfe
Freezing rain is expected to develop Tuesday morning.
Some snow or ice pellets are expected to develop overnight as a Colorado low begins to head towards the Great Lakes. It will change to some freezing rain early Tuesday morning and linger for much of the day before changing to rain towards evening. Some light accumulations of freezing rain are expected to make some untreated roads and sidewalks slippery.”
While this doesn't sound like the same level of storm Ottawa received last week (see: There's so much freezing rain in Ontario today people are skating on the streets), it's best not to take weather like this lightly.
Plan for a significantly slower commute tomorrow morning.
More than 200 competitors are expected to participate in the annual Elleker Half Marathon and 10km road race that will be held around the Elleker townsite on Sunday morning.
The 23rd edition of the race had received more than 170 entries this week across the two races and organisers are predicting plenty more to register before then or on the day.
Kenyan runner Jackson Kenei won the race in 2017 in a time of 1hr.13min.36sec. and organisers said he was a chance to return and chase successive titles.
Katherine Stockewell won the female half marathon last year, while local Jack Dunn was the first to cross the line in the 10km race.
Entrants will follow a course around Grassmere Lake and Elleker, travelling through picturesque karri forests and farmland. In addition to the normal races, this year will see the introduction of a 10km walk, school teams' race and 2km kids' dash.
Albany Athletics Club will run the popular event, with registrations still open online, or they can be completed at the athletics oval on North Road on Saturday or on Sunday morning.
Event publicity officer Dan Smith said the event had again attracted great interest.
“The numbers will be very similar to last year — we will probably crack 200,” he said.
“A lot tend to register on the day and a lot of the regular visitors from around the State are coming.
“The weather is going to be beautiful and with the additions to this year's event it's going to be very busy.
“Local business support has again been really good and we have great amount of prizes up for grabs.”
The half marathon and 10km walk starts at 8.30am and the 10km road race at 9am with presentations at 11.30am.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jevani Brown scored a hat-trick as St Neots Town won 4-1 at home to Chesham in the Evo-Stik League Southern, Premier Division.
St Neots avenged their defeat at Chesham 10 days earlier with an impressive display.
The game did not really come alive until the 27th minute and then three goals in five minutes set the match alight.
Brown was brought down in the area by Chesham goalkeeper Ashley Jones and the referee awarded a penalty. Brown took the spot kick himself and scored to put the Saints ahead.
However, 60 seconds later Chesham levelled the scores.
Dave Pearce was allowed too much space on the left and he pulled the ball back for former Saints favourite Drew Roberts to score.
But three minutes later St Neots went back in front when Brown cut in from the right and beat the goalkeeper with a delightful curling shot just inside the far post.
St Neots dominated much of the play in the second half.
They were rewarded after 71 minutes when Brown completed his hat-trick.
He scythed through the Chesham defence, riding a series of tackles before placing in the ball wide of Jones and into the net.
With 10 minutes left Chesham brought on 45-year-old veteran Barry Hayles and threw players forward.
But with five minutes left it worked against them as Saints substitute Tom Knowles sped down the left and crossed for fellow sub James Tricks to score his first goal for the club and complete a convincing victory.
Meanwhile, Eynesbury Rovers booked their place in the final of the Hunts Senior Cup with a 2-0 victory at home to St Ives Town.
Allan Owen and Hayden Bream got the goals for the Chroma Sport & Trophies United Counties League, Premier Division side.
New Delhi: A Delhi-based professional photographer was stabbed to death allegedly by the family of his Muslim girlfriend on Friday.
The police later arrested the woman's mother, father, brother and uncle in connection with the murder.
Ankit Saxena, 23, had been in a relationship with 20-year-old Shehzadi for the last three years. The two began dating while they were neighbours.
The girl's family was however against the match.
"The woman`s family was against their relationship as they belonged to different communities and had told him to end it," said Deputy Commissioner of Police Vijay Kumar.
At around 9 pm on Thursday, Shehzadi's family confronted Ankit near his home. At the time, Shehzadi was waiting for Ankit near a metro station in West Delhi.
"Shehzadi`s family came here on Thursday and told Ankit to come out of the house. When he did, they started beating him up on the street," said Yeshpal Saxena, Ankit's father.
Ankit was brutally assaulted, his throat slashed with a knife, said his family.
In order to save him, the victim's mother reportedly ran out of the home and tried to stop the bleeding with her hands. The road was full of blood where he collapsed.
"When his mother came to his rescue, she too was beaten up mercilessly. Then Shehzadi`s brother slit Ankit`s throat as the other family members held him. They fled before police reached the spot," said Ankit's father.
"We did not know about the relationship of Ankit and Shehzadi. We asked Ankit once but he denied it," he added.
According to Yeshpal Saxena, Ankit's murder is a clear case of honour killing and pre-meditated murder since the attackers were carrying knives.
Later, tensions rose high among in the area.
Heavy security was deployed by police in order to avoid any untoward incident or communal clashes.
With Agency Inputs
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Veganism is becoming more and more popular with hundreds of us shunning meat and dairy in favour of a plant-based diet.
And if you're a vegan that has historically meant that a McDonald's burger is off the menu for you.
But maybe not for long...
With many vegetarians and vegans routinely moaning about the lack of options, McDonald's has come up with a solution and launched a vegan burger.
It's called - as you may expect - the McVegan (what else?) - and features a soy-based patty topped with tomato, salad, pickles and vegan McFeast sauce, sandwiched between a bun.
Unfortunately for Brits, however, the McVegan is currently only available in Finland.
And, even worse, it's only available for a limited time only.
McDonald's have decided to trial the burger in Tampere, Finland, from October 4 to November 21.
BUT, if it goes well the McVegan might be rolled out globally.
If you're off to Finland, please try one and report back.
A version of this story appeared on Birmingham Mail.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Police in New Jersey are investigating a deadly crash that killed a pedestrian in Gloucester County.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England cricket supremo Andrew Strauss received another pelter from the shires over player availability just days after his decision was branded a ‘joke'.
Yorkshire are still bristling over the non-appearance of Jonny Bairstow so far this summer despite securing an innings and 88 runs win over Warwickshire.
The England keeper will return to face Hampshire on Friday along with captain Joe Root, but after playing just one international one day match since Christmas the need for him to ‘rest' is not being bought at Headingley.
“I can see why someone like Rooty would want a rest given the amount of cricket he's played,” said head coach Andrew Gale.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: PA)
“But Jonny has played one one-day international since Christmas. I think he's played three days of cricket.
“For me, he should have been available right from the first game of the season. He had enough time off from the end of the West Indies trip. I felt he should have been available.
(Photo: Getty)
“We want our players to play for England, but when they're available we want them to play for us as well.”
The remaining two Division One games were both drawn as Surrey leaned on tons from their batting imports Kumar Sangakkara and Scott Borthwick after following on against Lancashire, while champions Middlesex survived against a dominant Hampshire.
David Bowie, Prince, Leonard Cohen, George Michael, Muhammad Ali and Carrie Fisher are just some of the famous faces we lost in 2016 - but alongside those notable names were many other celebrities whose passing didn't quite generate the same amount of column inches.
Here are some more well-known personalities we might have forgotten that we said a fond farewell to this year...
Pete Burns - Lead singer of 80s pop band Dead Or Alive who gained more fame on Celebrity Big Brother. Died October, aged 57.
Sir George Martin - Legendary music producer who was known as the ‘fifth Beatle'. Died March, aged 90.
Keith Emerson - Founding member of rock supergroup Emerson, Lake and Palmer. Died March, aged 71.
Glenn Frey - Founding member of US band The Eagles. Died January, aged 67.
Padraig Duggan - Musician who came to prominence in the 70s with Irish folk group Clannad. Died August, aged 67.
David Guest - US musician and reality TV star. Died April, aged 62.
Sir Terry Wogan - Broadcasting icon who was a star of both television and radio. Died January, aged 77.
Victoria Wood - Much-loved comedian and actress. Died April, aged 62.
Merle Haggard - American country music great. Died April, aged 79.
Craig Gill - Drummer with Madchester indie outfit The Inspiral Carpets. Died November, aged 44.
Emilie Ford - Singer who had UK No.1 with What Do You Want To Make Those Eyes At Me You? Died April, aged 78.
Dale Griffin - Drummer with 70s glam-rockers Mott The Hoople. Died January, aged 67.
Greg Lake - Fronted both Emerson, Lake & Palmer and King Crimson. Also known for solo hit I Believe In Father Christmas. Died December, aged 69.
Colin Vearncombe - Singer who performed under the name Black and had huge hit with 1987 single Wonderful Life. Died January, aged 53.
Jean Alexander - Famous for playing the iconic Hilda Ogden in ITV soap Coronation Street. Died October, aged 90.
Kenny Baker - Played R2-D2 in six-Star Wars films from 1977 and starred in Time Bandits and Flash Gordon. Died August, 81.
Ken Barrie - The voice of popular children's TV character Postman Pat. Died July, aged 83.
Zsa Zsa Gabor - Hollywood actress who starred in more than 70 films and was married no fewer than nine times. Died December, aged 99.
Anton Yelchin - Talented young actor who played Pavel Chekov in the rebooted Star Trek films. Died June, aged 27.
Andrew Sachs - Enjoyed a long and varied career but will be best remembered for his role as Spanish waiter Manuel in classic BBC comedy Fawlty Towers.
Paul Daniels - Magician who was a mainstay of Saturday night TV for many years. Died March, aged 77.
Umberto Eco - Italian intellectual and novelist most famous for The Name of the Rose. Died February, aged 84.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The finale of Saturday Night Takeaway has been hit with complaints to the regulator due to the presence of Ant McPartlin - despite him not even being there during filming.
The complaints came as a segment, Saturday's Knight Takeaway, featured the star as it was revealed who was leading the dreaded group The Dishonoured in the final part of the series.
According to a spokesman from Ofcom, the broadcasting regulator, the complaints came in as it was believed those applauding the segment were 'condoning his behaviour.'
(Image: ITV)
At present the complaints are not being formally investigated, but the spokesman said they are being assessed and if they are to be considered further, this is a longer process.
The finale, which took place in Florida, saw more than 200 people celebrating their 'place on the plane' at the Universal Studios in Orlando.
There was plenty on show during the finale including a massive conga led by a Carmen Miranda-esque Stephen Mulhern, the movie of the life of a very embarrassed audience member, and the three hosts going head to head in Dec vs. Stephen vs. Scarlett.
(Image: ITV)
Host Declan Donnelly also announced that Stephen would be getting his own show - In For a Penny - after the small segment confused USA fans but won the hearts of those in the ITV boardroom.
While some complained to the regulator about the finale, many praised Dec for hosting the show alone after it was announced that Ant would not be accompanying his bestie to Florida, and also saluted the show for its biggest finale yet.
After the show, fans shared a video of Dec and the audience members giving a round of applause for Ant, though this was not broadcast by ITV.
(Image: ITV)
Ant was arrested and charged for drink driving after crashing his car under the influence, and was subsequently fined £84,000 and given a 20 month driving ban.
He is understood to be receiving treatment at a rehabilitation facility at present.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President-elect Donald Trump (all times EST):
2:10 p.m.
President-elect Donald Trump is showing little sign of forgiving his critics as he prepares to move into the Oval Office.
The incoming president tweeted Monday that, “Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong…”
He continued: “I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270″ electoral votes.
Trump's continued focus on his unexpected Nov. 8 victory comes as he works behind closed doors to shape his new administration. He's set to be sworn into office in just 18 days.
Trump also complained Monday about a cover photo used in a new book released by CNN. He tweeted, “Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!”
___
1 p.m.
President-elect Donald Trump says Rahm Emanuel, Chicago's mayor and President Barack Obama's former chief of staff, should ask for federal assistance if he can't bring down the city's rising homicide tally.
The nation's third largest city had 762 homicides in 2016 — the most in two decades and more than the largest cities, New York and Los Angeles, combined. The Chicago Police Department says the city had 1,100 more shootings last year than in 2015. The statistics have put Chicago at the center of a national dialogue about gun violence.
Trump on Monday noted the spike in shooting deaths on Twitter. He wrote, “If Mayor can't do it he must ask for federal help!”
Emanuel's spokesman Adam Collins responded with a carefully worded statement in which he says if the federal government really wants to help it can do things like fund summer jobs programs for at-risk youth and pass meaningful gun laws.
___
8:10 a.m.
Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer is defending cryptic comments by President-elect Donald Trump that he knows “things that other people don't know” when it comes to allegations of Russian hacking.
Spicer tells Fox News Channel's “Fox & Friends” that Trump is getting national security briefings “on a daily basis” and “there doesn't seem to be conclusive evidence” Russians were behind the hacking of Democratic emails during the election.
Spicer also dismissed on Monday a report released by the FBI and Homeland Security Department supporting the accusations against Russia, calling it a “how-to” manual on basic cybersecurity for Democrats.
In an interview on NBC's “Today Show,” Spicer said President Barack Obama only punished Russia after Democrat Hillary Clinton lost the election and that the recent sanctions were politically motivated.
Trump has said he will get a briefing from U.S. intelligence officials this week.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
CHESAPEAKE, Ohio — A mixed bag of results.
Gallia Academy, Eastern, South Gallia and Meigs all competed in the 2017 Phil Davis Memorial Wrestling tournament held Saturday at Chesapeake High School in Lawrence County.
The Blue Devils were top-finishing team locally after placing eighth out of 19 teams with 106 points, while the Eagles were 12th overall with 79 points. The Rebels and Marauders respectively placed 14th and 15th overall with 74.5 points and 70 points.
Huntington (WV) came away with top honors with 232.5 points, while Ashland Blazer (160.5) and Alexander (148.5) rounded out the top three spots in the field.
GAHS — which was missing some of its starting lineup due to ACT testing — had four grapplers earn top-four finishes, while SGHS and EHS both had two wrestlers place in the top-four of their respective divisions. MHS had two grapplers place fifth overall, but those were the best finishes for the Maroon and Gold.
Jason Stroud (106) and Kenny Siders (160) led Gallia Academy with a pair of third-place efforts as both went 4-1 on the day. Stroud earned four pinfall victories and Siders scored three pinfalls while also claiming a 15-8 decision.
Logan Griffith went 3-2 with three pinfall wins at 195 pounds to place fourth, while Kenton Ramsey was fourth at 113 pounds with a 2-3 mark and one pinfall win.
Eastern landed a pair of runner-up efforts from Dillon Aeiker and Gavin Erwin. Aeiker went 3-1 and had three pinfall wins at 138 pounds, while Erwin went 4-1 with four pinfall wins at 182 pounds.
South Gallia received a runner-up effort from Justin Butler, who went 4-1 with three pinfall wins and a 21-4 technical fall at 152 pounds. Jacob Birtcher was also fourth at 138 pounds with two pinfalls and a 2-2 overall mark.
Both Jon Newsome (285) and Griffin Buck (106) placed fifth in their respective weight classes. Newsome was 4-1 with two pinfall wins, while Buck went 3-2 with three pinfall wins.
Huntington came away with four individual champions, with Alexander and Spring Valley following with three and two titles respectively. Huntington Ross, Unioto, Adena, Fairland and Lincoln County also earned one weight class champion apiece.
Visit baumspage.com for complete results of the 2017 Phil Davis Memorial Tournament held at Chesapeake High School.
By Bryan Walters bwalters@aimmediamidwest.com
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ben Te'o returns from the injury wilderness to start for England against Italy as Eddie Jones looks to add punch to his midfield.
The Worcester centre has not started a match since October but proved himself to be as fit as a flea at last week's Algarve training camp.
Jones liked what he saw of Te'o on the Lions tour, where he started the first Test and came off the bench in the third to help grab a share of the spoils.
And with power ball carriers Billy Vunipola and Nathan Hughes both lost to injury up front, the New Zealand-born cross code star will be expected to run the hard yards.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Jones said: “I have selected the strongest available side. Our preparation over the last two weeks has been excellent and the players feel refreshed.
“We want to start the tournament well and are ready to go hunting against Italy.
“We know we need to get our set piece right, be defensively strong and play with aggression and plenty of energy.”
Dylan Hartley retains the captaincy and wins his 90th cap. Ben Youngs starts his 56th Test match - overtaking Matt Dawson's record of most starts for an England halfback.
Danny Care will equal Dawson's mark for most caps as England scrum half (77) when he comes off the bench.
England team to face Italy
15 Mike Brown (Harlequins 64 caps)
14 Anthony Watson (Bath Rugby 28 caps)
13 Ben Te'o (Worcester Warriors 8 caps)
12 Owen Farrell (Saracens 53 caps)
11 Jonny May (Leicester Tigers 29 caps)
10 George Ford (Leicester Tigers 40 caps)
9 Ben Youngs (Leicester Tigers 73 caps)
1 Mako Vunipola (Saracens 44 caps)
2 Dylan Hartley (Northampton Saints 89 caps)
3 Dan Cole (Leicester Tigers 77 caps)
4 Joe Launchbury (Wasps 47 caps)
5 Maro Itoje (Saracens 14 caps)
6 Courtney Lawes (Northampton Saints 61 caps)
7 Chris Robshaw (Harlequins 59 caps)
8 Sam Simmonds (Exeter Chiefs 3 caps)
Bench
16 Jamie George (Saracens 20 caps)
17 Alec Hepburn (Exeter Chiefs uncapped)
18 Harry Williams (Exeter Chiefs 5 caps)
19 George Kruis (Saracens 21 caps)
20 Sam Underhill (Bath Rugby 3 caps)
21 Danny Care (Harlequins 76 caps)
22 Jonathan Joseph (Bath Rugby 35 caps)
23 Jack Nowell (Exeter Chiefs 23 caps)
A misdirected text about shooting basketball at the school led to law enforcement preparing for a possible campus shooting.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The YAZOO HERALD.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/1B095Lm
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bitly.com/1wHXqwM
Worries about the impact of a tightening job market on the prospects for inflation and a surge in bond yields sent investors fleeing equities on Friday, with the Dow Jones Industrials Average swooning almost 666 points, for its biggest daily percentage loss in 20 months.
It was the biggest daily point fall in the Dow since December 2008 during the financial crisis.
With Friday`s rout, Wall Street`s three major indexes logged their biggest weekly losses in two years, after closing at record highs the previous week. The S&P 500 and Dow saw their worst weeks since early January 2016 while Nasdaq had its worst week since early Feb 2016.
"People are starting to really get increasingly uncomfortable with the rapid rise in interest rates that we have seen and the uncertainty of how that is actually going to start to play out relative to competition for stocks," said Chuck Carlson, chief executive officer at Horizon Investment Services in Hammond, Indiana.
Overnight stock price losses accelerated after the U.S. Labor Department reported employment grew more than expected in January with the biggest wage gain in more than 8-1/2 years. The picture of workers commanding higher salaries fuelled expectations that inflation is on the rise, which could prompt the Federal Reserve to take a more aggressive approach to rate hikes this year.
That caused the 10-year Treasury yield to surge to 2.8450 percent the highest since Jan. 2014, which could make returns on Treasuries look more attractive relative to stocks.
But market players are not convinced that the bull market in stocks that saw the S&P 500 rise 5.6 percent in January is over. In fact many say a pull back was overdue.
"You have a jobs report today that was pretty robust all kind of feeding into the higher interest rates, greater inflation story, and I think the markets are trying to grapple with that right now," said Carlson.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 665.75 points, or 2.54 percent, to 25,520.96, the S&P 500 lost 59.85 points, or 2.12 percent, to 2,762.13 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 144.92 points, or 1.96 percent, to 7,240.95.
S&P 500 e-mini stock futures extended losses after 4 p.m. ET close in the cash market. S&P 500 futures closed down 2.3 percent, the biggest daily percentage drop since September 2016.
All 11 major sectors of the S&P 500 closed down. Technology weighed the heaviest, with Microsoft pulling the sector down 3.0 percent.
The CBOE Volatility Index, the most widely followed barometer of expected near-term volatility for the S&P 500 Index rose more than four points to 17.86, its highest since November 2016. VIX options trading volume hit a record high.
Analysts now see fourth-quarter earnings growth of 13.6 percent for the S&P 500, up from 12 percent on January 1. Half of the index`s companies have reported, 78 percent of which beat Street expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Exxon Mobil Corp and Chevron Corp shares were down 5.1 percent and 5.6 percent, respectively, after the oil companies posted lower-than-expected fourth-quarter profit.
Alphabet fell 5.3 percent after the Google parent`s fourth-quarter profit came in below consensus on increased spending.
Apple shares were off by 4.3 percent as investors worried about the iPhone maker`s weak outlook amid reports of scaled back iPhone X production.
Amazon.com was a bright spot, up 2.9 percent as Wall Street analysts quickly upped their price targets following the online retailer`s impressive earnings report.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 7.70-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 3.90-to-1 ratio favoured decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and 18 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 48 new highs and 103 new lows.
Volume on U.S. exchanges was 5.39 billion shares, compared to the 7.33 billion average for the full session over the last 20 trading days.
Apple has acquired Shazam, one of the most popular apps for recognising music, TV shows, films and adverts, in a deal allegedly worth $400 million (around £300 million).
Apple has made an official statement following the deal, saying: "We are thrilled that Shazam and its talented team will be joining Apple."
"Apple Music and Shazam are a natural fit, sharing our passion for music discovery and delivering great music experiences to our users. We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today's agreement."
Although the official sum is still undisclosed, it is thought to be far lower than than the $1 billion valuation the company received in 2015.
With Shazam onboard, Apple should have the ability to give the iPhone and iPad a similar music recognition feature as the Google Pixel 2, which constantly listens out for music around you and presents results on the home screen without you having to dive into any apps.
Currently, you can tell Shazam which music streaming service you use and get direct access to it through the app. When you Shazam a music track it automatically gets added to your library, if available. Apple's acquisition could lead to the company exclusively connecting the service to Apple Music.
It will also be interesting to see if the app will only be made available to iOS devices, forcing Android users to look elsewhere for song identifying apps.
The deal should definitely mean Apple will save money on commissions it has to pay out. Previously, if someone bought a song from iTunes after Shazaming it, Apple had to give Shazam a cut of the takings.
By The Associated Press
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — The NCAA's playing rules oversight panel will give college basketball coaches more room to roam next season after approving an extension of the coaches' boxes from 28 to 38 feet.
Other rules changes include finding more consistent spots for inbound passes.
The shot clock will be reset to 20 seconds when the offensive team draws a foul in the frontcourt. If more than 20 seconds remain there will be no change.
Referees can use instant replay in the final two minutes of the game or overtime to determine whether a secondary defender was inside or outside the restricted-arc area.
Advertisement
A legal screen will require players to keep their feet no wider than their shoulders. And a minimum of 0.3 seconds will be taken off the game clock when the ball is legally touched.
Defenders who straddle an offensive player's leg and prohibit him from making a normal basketball move, including pivoting, will be assessed a personal foul.
___
More AP college basketball at www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 .
Have your say
Kissing it better really does work... thanks to a protein in human saliva, according to new research.
Injuries in the mouth heal faster and more efficiently than those elsewhere - and now we know why.
A chemical in saliva boosts the formation of blood vessels, a process that is critical in recovering from an injury.
Harnessing its power opens “a wide door” to improving the treatment of wounds, said an expert.
And it shows ‘licking your wounds' is more than just an expression and is based on scientific fact.
Prof Vicente Torres, of the Institute for Research in Dental Sciences at the University of Chile, Santiago, said: “These findings open new alternatives to better understand the biology underlying the differences between oral and skin wound healing.
“We believe the study could help the design of better approaches to improve wound healing in tissues other than the mouth.”
The research published in The FASEB (Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology) Journal revealed the salivary protein histatin-1 aids wound healing.
Prof Torres and colleagues made the breakthrough by delving into the mystifying fact mouth wounds mend better and quicker.
Until now, it was understood saliva played a part in the wound healing process, although the extent of its role was unknown.
The study examined the effects of histatin-1 on new blood vessels, a process known medically as angiogenesis.
It showed the molecule promoted angiogenesis, as well as improving the contact and migration of cells.
Prof Torres' team carried out experiments on chicken embryos and human skin and blood vessel cells.
Using these three models, histatin-1 and saliva samples obtained from healthy donors were found to increase blood vessel formation.
The researchers have already begun using these molecules to generate materials and implants to aid in wound healing.
Prof Torres said: “Saliva is a key factor that contributes to the high efficiency of wound healing in the inside of the mouth.
“This is not only attributed to physical cues but also to the presence of specific peptides in the saliva, such as histatins.
“Histatin-1 is an antimicrobial peptide, highly enriched in human saliva, which has been previously reported promoting the migration of oral skin cells in lab animals.
“However, the participation of histatin-1 in other crucial events required for wound healing, such as angiogenesis, is unknown.
“Specifically, histatin-1 promoted skin cell contact and spreading as well as migration in the wound closure tests.
“Finally, we showed that salivary histatin-1 is required for the promigratory effects of saliva on skin cells.
“In conclusion, we report salivary histatin-1 is a novel proangiogenic factor that may contribute to oral wound healing.”
Journal editor Dr Thoru Pederson, of the University of Massachusetts Medical School, welcomed the exciting discovery.
He added: “The clear results of the present study open a wide door to a therapeutic advance.
“They also bring to mind the possible meaning of animals, and often children, ‘licking their wounds.'”
By The Associated Press
MONTREAL (AP) — The Montreal Canadiens have signed goaltender Al Montoya to a two-year contract extension.
The deal reportedly carries an annual average value of just over $1 million, a modest increase from the $950,000 he will make this season.
The 6-foot-2, 209-pound native of Chicago has a 4-4-2 record with one shutout, a 2.74 goals-against average and .909 save percentage backing up Carey Price this season.
Montoya, 31, has a 59-44-20 record in 147 regular-season games with Arizona the New York Islanders, Winnipeg and Florida.
Advertisement
He was selected in the first round, sixth overall by the New York Rangers at the 2004 draft. He first joined the Canadiens as a free agent on July 1.
The deal gives the Canadiens two goaltenders under contract in advance of the 2017 expansion draft, meaning they can protect Price and have Montoya available for selection by the incoming Vegas Golden Knights.
By The Associated Press
EAST
Notre Dame 84, Boston College 76
Old Westbury 61, Mount St. Vincent 53
St. Peter's 71, Marist 46
Advertisement
Virginia Tech 66, Pittsburgh 63
SOUTH
Clemson 95, Wake Forest 83
Florida 114, Auburn 95
George Mason 93, Richmond 70
Kentucky 83, Tennessee 58
Kentucky Christian 96, Simmons 82
Liberty 55, High Point 52
UCF 71, Tulsa 53
VCU 91, Saint Joseph's 81
MIDWEST
Akron 71, Toledo 65
Buffalo 99, Cent. Michigan 93
Kent St. 76, Miami (Ohio) 72
Ohio 79, E. Michigan 71
Purdue 74, Rutgers 55
W. Michigan 89, Bowling Green 79
SOUTHWEST
No scores reported from the SOUTHWEST.
FAR WEST
No scores reported from the FAR WEST.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
2:08 Wichita State professor explores ancient Native American city Pause
1:49 Facebook murder suspect remains on the loose
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
1:05 April the giraffe gives birth at New York Zoo
0:32 Distracted driving PSA: 'Famous Last Words'
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
2:49 Harris not sure he'll be back with Mavs
0:26 Storms drop heavy rains on Tarrant County
1:40 West 7th gets another grocery store Wednesday
Production manager, Wayne Randall (second from right behind), with Hurford Hardwoods employees, down tools for 'smoko' as part of Men's Health Week (June 11-17) in Lismore which is promoting the "It's Healthy To Talk" message.
Production manager, Wayne Randall (second from right behind), with Hurford Hardwoods employees, down tools for 'smoko' as part of Men's Health Week (June 11-17) in Lismore which is promoting the "It's Healthy To Talk" message. Marc Stapelberg
WHEN the researchers behind men's health campaign It's Healthy to Talk visited Hurfords Hardwoods to find out if the workplace wanted to take part in Men's Health Week 2018, they were heartened to learn their same roadshow, six years ago, had potentially saved the life of one of the timber manufacturer's employees.
Hurford's production manager Wayne Randall knew he "had been feeling a bit off, effectively for a few years" but like many men, found a way of putting off going to see a doctor.
"I probably had symptoms for a long time but would find a reason for blaming them on something else," he said.
"The symptoms kept getting a little bit worse and a little bit worse and then it was Men's Health Week.
"It got to about day four of the ads and I thought I am going to make an appointment because something is not quite right.
"I am pretty lucky I made the call because, effectively, I had pretty high blood pressure and was able to go on medication straight away."
His blood pressure is now perfect and an underlying heart issue has been kept in check. While he would probably have ended up going to the doctor, it was the persistent ads that were the catalyst for dealing with his health, he said.
This year Monash University's Andrology Australia has teamed up with the city of Lismore for It's Healthy to Talk In Lismore campaign, and has put out a video featuring commentary from mayor Isaac Smith, Norco Co-operative chairman Greg McNamara, St Vincent's Private Hospital CEO Steve Brierley and MP Thomas George, among others.
For the duration of Men's Health Week, Lismore is hosting a series of It's Healthy to Talk activities such as a charity rugby match and a morning tea with guests including Cr Smith, Andrology Australia CEO Simon von Saldern and other heads of health in Lismore.
The intention is to raise awareness and encourage men to open up about issues they face, and often ignore.
Mr von Saldern said the Andrology Australia program operated nationally and brought together health and education experts from across Australia to develop collaborative strategies to raise awareness of male reproductive health disorders and their associations with chronic disease.
Activities, from June 11-17, will include:
Tuesday 12th: Morning tea launch with Isaac Smith and Simon von Saldern at Lismore Square.
Wednesday 13th: Hurford Hardwoods and Norco down tools for "smoko" to talk.
Thursday 14th: Barbecue lunch and open discussion at the Men's Shed.
Friday 15th: Crossfit Lismore Challenge; Q&A at Lismore Square with Simon.
Saturday 16th: Charity Rugby Match between Lismore City and SCU.
For more information visit: http://andrologyaustralia.org/mens-health-week/
Watch what stakeholders in Lismore think about the campaign: https://vimeo.com/269800010
The Andrology Australia program operates nationally and brings together health and education experts from across Australia to develop collaborative strategies to raise the awareness of male reproductive health disorders and their associations with chronic disease.
Andrology Australia was established with funding from the Australian Government Department of Health and Ageing in 2000 and is based at the School of Public Health and Preventive Medicine at Monash University.
OSU led by 10 points early, but Tinkle said players got away from what was working.
"It is frustrating, but we've got to stay positive," Tinkle said. "Toughness and discipline wins on the road, and we've got to continue to establish that."
Darius McNeill scored 16 points for Cal and Marcus Lee had 14.
OSU's Stephen Thompson Jr. scored 24 points on 9-for-13 shooting. Tres Tinkle added 19 points, making 10 of 10 from the foul line.
BIG PICTURE
Oregon State: The Beavers' most recent true road victory was 86-82 at UCLA on March 5, 2016. Stephen Thompson Jr., a freshman at the time, led the way with what was then a career-high 23 points, all of them in the second half.
Cal: The Bears are hoping to avoid setting a program record for most losses in a season. The 1978-79 team was 6-21 and the only other Cal team to suffer 20 defeats was the 1986-87 squad, which finished 9-20.
ALL FOULED UP: Officials called 51 fouls in the game, including 29 on the Beavers. "It was whistle-happy out there," OSU coach Wayne Tinkle said. "We've got to learn to defend without fouling, obviously. Give them credit, there's been games they don't convert there and they made them tonight."
NO BERKELEY LOVE: Oregon State has lost 11 of its past 12 against Cal, and has not beaten the Bears in Berkeley since Jan. 22, 2009.
FRESHMAN DELIVERS: Justice Sueing, Cal's leading scorer in Pac-12 games at 17.7 points per game entering play Saturday, picked up two quick fouls and was on the floor for just six minutes in the first half. But he finished with 11 points and has scored double figures in all 11 conference games.
UP NEXT
Oregon State plays Washington State at home on Thursday.
Cal plays at Colorado on Wednesday.
By Jeff Faraudo, The Associated Press
We are sorry, but you cannot access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber. Click here to subscribe, or contact us at Pajhwok for more information.
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
Mumbai: The audio version of the song Deewani Bhaili Nagma Nirahua Ke Pyar Mein from the film Border starring Dinesh Lal Yadav and Amrapali Dubey is out. The song sung by Khesari Lal Yadav is one of the cutest Bhojpuri tracks of all time.
The audio was unveiled on the official YouTube channel of Nirahua Music World. The video has garnered over 188,574 views since it was launched on May 28.
Check out the song here:
The music for the film has been composed by Rajnish Mishra and song embedded above has been penned by Aazad Singh.
The movie Border, as it is apparent from the title, is a patriotic film. It boasts of an ensemble cast and the list includes Pravesh Lal Yadav, Shubhi Sharma, Vikrant Singh, Sushil Singh, Awdhesh Mishra, Sanjay Pandey, Aditya Ojha, Gaurav Jha, Vijay Lal Yadav, Vishal Singh, Avinash Dwivedi, Ansuman Rajput, Manoj Tiger, Kajal Yadav, Ananya Mishra, Richa Dixit and Kiran Yadav.
The film has been produced by Pravesh Lal Yadav under the Nirahua Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. banner.
The blockbuster jodi of Nirahua and Amrapali is all set to enthral moviegeors on June 15 on the ocassion of Eid.
Written and directed by Santosh Mishra, the film was shot over a period of 50 days and was completed a day before the last day of Chaitra Navratri this year.
If the reports are anything to go by, Border is Bhojpuri cinema's costliest film.
I'm struggling to keep up with developments in the counterintelligence investigation that has culminated in the project undertaken by Robert Mueller as Special Counsel. Having taken a few hours off this morning and needing to do so again today, I can only offer links and notes.
• The New York Times reports on the “obstruction of justice” branch of the Mueller Switch Project in “Trump asked Sessions to retain control of Russia inquiry after his recusal,” by Michael Schmidt and Julie Hirschfeld Davis. The Mueller team apparently thinks that Trump can be guilty of a crime for the exercise of one of his constitutional powers (or not!).
• President Trump has taken to Twitter to comment in his accustomed style. Quoting Rep. Trey Gowdy in a series of tweets, President Trump puts an exclamation point on the underlying facts.
….There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
• Rep. Gowdy has been briefed on the FBI's use of an informant to check in on several Trump campaign officials. Kyle Cheney reports that Gowdy finds nothing amiss in this astounding development. Cheney's Politico story on Gowdy's comments is “FBI was right to deploy informant, senior GOP lawmaker says.” Cheney quotes Gowdy speaking in a FOX News interview: “I am even more convinced that the FBI did exactly what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got.” Gowdy added that the information also suggested that the effort had “nothing to do with Donald Trump.”
• The Wall Street Journal's Holman Jenkins has not been briefed by the FBI's use of an informant, but he ventures the opinion in his column today: “In surveilling Carter Page, the FBI had every reason to know it was surveilling an inconsequential non-spy, and did so based on a warrant that falsely characterized a Yahoo news article. Its suspicions of George Papadopoulos were based on drunken gossip about Hillary's emails when the whole world was gossiping about Hillary's emails.” Jenkins adds a few paragraphs later: “If a private informant was enlisted to feel out the Russian connections of a couple of Trump nonentities, this was at least a sensitive and discreet approach to a legitimate question when so many FBI actions were neither.”
• We now know that Stefan Halper worked as the FBI informant, or one of them. Former Trump campaign co-chairman Sam Clovis was the object of one of Halper's inquiries. Byron York interviewed Clovis for the Examiner column “Trump campaign vet: Informant used me to get Papadopoulos.” Byron quotes Halper's email inquiry to Halper:
I am a professor at Cambridge University lecturing on US politics and foreign policy. I am what is called a ‘scholar practitioner,' having served in the White House and four presidential campaigns — two as policy director. Over the past month I have been in conversation with Carter Page who attended our conference in Cambridge on US elections. Carter mentioned in Cambridge, and when visiting here in Virginia, that you and I should meet. I have enjoyed your comments and appearances in the media; you hit the sweet spot focusing Trump's appeal to working America. May I suggest that we set a time to meet when you are next in Washington. Meanwhile, all the best, Stefan Halper.
Byron reports: “Halper's note to Clovis — they worked out logistics and met at Clovis' hotel, the Doubletree Inn in Crystal City, Virginia, a couple of days later — was premised on his approach to Page. And it seemed of a piece with Halper's approach, the very next day, to Papadopoulos. But the actual content of their meeting has left Clovis wondering what Halper was up to.”
• What about the shadowy Joseph Mifsud? Surely you haven't forgotten him. Lee Smith picks up the trail in the RealClearPolitics column “The Maltese phantom of Russiagate.”
• Back to Holman Jenkins in the Wall Street Journal column linked above: “Consider just one anomaly: Any ‘intelligence community' worth the name would get to the bottom of foreigner Christopher Steele's singular intervention in a U.S. presidential election, based as it was on the anonymous whisperings of Russian intelligence officials. Not ours. Our intelligence community is highly motivated not to know these answers because any finding that discredited the Steele dossier would also discredit the FBI's actions in the 2016 campaign.” What about that?
• And then we have this, by the Daily Caller's Chuck Ross “Grassley: Fusion GPS Founder Gave ‘Extremely Misleading' Testimony About Trump Work.” Ross reports on the May 24 letter by Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley to his Democratic colleague Chris Coons. In relevant part, Senator Grassley highlights a sliver of the testimony offered by the man from GPS Fusion, Glenn Simpson (letter embedded below via Scribd).
2018-05-29 CEG to Coons (Trump Jr Interview) by Scott Johnson on Scribd
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Saudi Arabia's U.N. envoy said Friday “there is no justification whatsoever” for the Saudi-led coalition fighting rebels in Yemen to be on a U.N. blacklist for killing and injuring nearly 700 children in 2016.
Ambassador Abdallah Al-Mouallimi rejected “the inaccurate and misleading information and figures” in the U.N.'s annual report on Children and Armed Conflict.
But he told a news conference that one casualty is too many, and “we continue to endeavor to reduce this number to the lowest possible level.”
This year's report was eagerly awaited because last year the U.S.-backed coalition was put on the blacklist but removed by then-Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon under intense pressure from Saudi Arabia.
His successor, Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, changed the blacklist which for the first time this year lists governments, rebel groups and other parties to conflicts that are taking action to protect children — and those combatants that aren't doing anything.
Saudi Arabia is on the list of parties that are taking action.
“We think there is no justification whatsoever for the coalition to be listed anywhere because we are conducting activities there in accordance with international legitimacy, in accordance with international law” and with a 2015 Security Council resolution, Al-Mouallimi said. “We are making an effort to try to preserve and protect children and all other civilians.”
But he said the coalition is taking measures to reduce casualties by continually refining rules of engagement and investigating the 50 alleged incidents in Yemen that have been reported. He said 32 of those investigations have been concluded though he didn't provide details of the findings.
Last month, Saudi Arabia also established “a child protection unit” in coalition headquarters, staffed by a colonel and two officers, Al-Mouallimi said.
Its aim is to ensure that all units, commands and operations are carried out and have safeguards that “protect children as much as possible,” he said. “So we are trying to do our best in that regard, and we will need to continue to improve on our best.”
Yemen, which is on the southern edge of the Arabian Peninsula, has been engulfed in civil war since September 2014, when Houthi Shiite rebels swept into the capital of Sanaa and overthrew President Abed-Rabbo Mansour Hadi's internationally recognized government. In March 2015, a Saudi-led coalition began a campaign in support of Hadi's government and against Houthi forces allied with ousted President Ali Abdullah Saleh, mainly using airstrikes.
Since then, the Iranian-backed Houthis have been dislodged from most of the south, but remain in control of the capital Sanaa and much of the north. The war in Yemen has killed over 10,000 civilians, displaced 3 million people, and led to the world's largest cholera outbreak with over 700,000 suspected cases and more than 2,000 deaths this year.
In the new report, Gutteres said, “the coalition's actions objectively led to the listing for the killing and maiming of children, with 683 child casualties attributed to this party, and as a result of being responsible for 38 verified incidents, for attacks on schools and hospitals during 2016.”
The secretary-general said there were 1,340 verified child casualties in Yemen — over 50 percent caused by the U.S.-backed coalition — and 414 casualites, or just over 30 percent, by the Houthis and their allies.
Al-Mouallimi said the coalition believes the Houthi child casualties are “underrepresented” and the coalition figures are “overrepresented” because the sources of information are in Houthi-controlled territory. The U.N. says the figures have been verified.
Comparing this year's report with last year's, the Saudi ambassador said last year the coalition's consultation with the U.N. was “almost nil” while this year there has been extensive contact with the office of the U.N. special representative for children and armed conflict, Virginia Gamba.
While the coalition objects to being on the list, Al-Mouallimi said Saudi Arabia's relations with the U.N. “are very strong, and I hope that they will continue to be very strong.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
He was last seen in the Dilworth area
RCMP is working to locate a missing Vernon man and is asking the public for help.
Jordan Alexander Mooney was last seen as he departed from a home in the Dilworth area of Kelowna, during the late evening hours of Sunday, May 27.
Related:Another plea to find missing Sun Peaks man
Since Jordan's unexplained disappearance, police have followed up on several possible leads and reported sightings, however he remains missing at this time. Police are concerned for Jordan Mooney's health and well-being, as friends and family report that it is out of character for him to be out of contact for this amount of time.
Jordan Mooney is a 24 years-oldCaucasian male, who's 5 ft 10 tall, is approximately 180 lbs and has short red hair. He was last seen wearing a pair of black pants and a white t-shirt.
Related:Vigil held to honour missing and murdered Indigenous women
Police are also looking for Jordan's vehicle, a blue 2005 Volkswagen Jetta with British Columbia licence plates FP995T.
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Jordan Mooney is urged to contact their local police, the Kelowna RCMP at 250-762-3300 or the Vernon RCMP at 250-545-7171. Or remain entirely anonymous by calling Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477, leaving a tip online at www.crimestoppers.net or by texting your tip to CRIMES (274637) ktown.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@KelownaCapNews
newstips@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Female? 40+? Miserable about your body? Frustrated? Gotta do something about it?
CLICK TO READ:
Reclaim Fit & Healthy:
Don't You Deserve It?
Linda T. Gottlieb
Certified Fitness Pro
30+ Years Experience
www.fittraining.net
Timur Timerzyanov arrived at the 2018 World RX of Great Britain knowing that both he and the team were on the back foot as they had not been able to attend the pre-season test at Silverstone in March.
Regardless of this concern, the former FIA Double European Rallycross Champion has been enjoying an improved season so far, driving the GRX Taneco Hyundai i20 Supercar that began life as an ex-WRC car.
“The British round has always been a tough one for me, but this is a brand-new track,” explained Timerzyanov
“It's been a chance for a fresh start, even though we're at a slight disadvantage, not having been able to take part in the pre-season test sessions.”
Despite this setback, the Hyundai driver pushed hard on Saturday during Qualifying sessions one and two as he learned the track for the first time and tried to find out where he could make up time.
Come the end of the first days action, Timerzyanov was in eleventh place overall and looking to make up for lost ground in what were hard fought races. The Russian driver knew of the challenges ahead for Sunday.
“We started well in the first qualifying race, but the error in the last turn held me back. I'm not happy with my result and the second race, because our goal is to get better each time. We still have a lot of work ahead of us,” explained the Hyundai driver.
“We qualified in the semi-finals in twelfth place. I can't say that the result is good for us, since we are losing a lot of speed to other faster rivals on track.”
Using his circuit knowledge to good effect and using an aggressive Joker strategy in both Q3 and Q4, Timerzyanov stayed inside the top twelve positions and made it to the Semi-Finals.
However after racing hard with the other drivers on track, the Russian driver lost out in a place in the Supercar Final. He would finish in fifth place, eight tenths of a second behind Jerome Grosset-Janin in the GC Kompetition Prodrive built Renault Megane.
“I'm not pleased with this weekend's results. I should be able to make better times, I should be faster. I don't know what happened. I feel like I gave it my all but my peak speed isn't what it should be. But I won't give up! I know I can do better than that.”
PARIS (AP) — Several U.S.-based climate scientists are about to hit the jackpot, as French President Emmanuel Macron prepares to award them multi-year, all-expenses-paid grants to relocate to France.
The “Make Our Planet Great Again” grants are part of Macron's efforts to counter U.S. President Donald Trump on the climate change front. Macron announced a competition for the projects in June, hours after Trump declared he would withdraw the U.S. from the global accord reached in Paris in 2015 to reduce climate-damaging emissions.
Macron is unveiling the first winners Monday evening at a startup incubator in Paris called Station F, where Microsoft and smaller tech companies are announcing projects to finance activities aimed at reducing emissions.
Monday's event is a prelude to a bigger climate summit Tuesday aimed at giving new impetus to the Paris accord and finding new funding to help governments and businesses meet its goals.
More than 50 world leaders are expected in Paris for the “One Planet Summit,” co-hosted by the U.N. and the World Bank. Trump was not invited.
Initially aimed at American researchers, the research grants were expanded to other non-French climate scientists, according to organizers. Candidates need to be known for working on climate issues, have completed a thesis and propose a project that would take between three to five years.
The time frame would cover Trump's current presidential term.
The applicant list was whittled down to 90 finalists in September, the majority of them Americans or based in the U.S., according to French national research agency CNRS.
About 50 projects will be chosen overall, and funded with 60 million euros ($70 million) from the state and French research institutes.
Some French researchers have complained that Macron is showering money on foreign scientists at a time when they have been pleading for more support for domestic higher education.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The U.S. economy shed 33,000 jobs in September, according to the latest report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, while unemployment fell to 4.2 percent.
The September payrolls drop broke a nearly seven-year streak of continuous job gains, but economists caution that the drop is likely representing the short-term consequences of bad weather, not a long-term shift in the job market.
Before this report, the economy had added an average of about 175,000 jobs per month; the unemployment rate has been at 4.3 or 4.4 percent since April.
Job growth in September was expected to be lower than usual because of the effects of several devastating hurricanes. Economists did not generally predict an actual decline, but a not-so-stellar report was widely anticipated.
"Hurricane Irma, in particular, occurred during the period when the Labor Department surveys job growth," reports NPR's Jim Zarroli. "So it's likely to have an especially big impact."
The Bureau of Labor Statistics agrees that Hurricanes Harvey and Irma are the "likely" cause of a "sharp employment decline" in restaurant jobs, as well as low growth in other job fields.
People who have jobs but weren't paid during the survey period don't count as "employed" in the BLS statistics. That would include, for instance, a restaurant worker who is paid hourly and could not work for an extended period because of a storm.
The acting commissioner provided more context in a statement issued with the report.
"In September, 1.5 million workers had a job but were not at work for the entire reference week due to bad weather, the highest level for this series over the past 20 years," William Wiatrowski wrote. "This series is highly sensitive to the timing of weather events."
Not all the data were similarly affected. For instance, the storms had "no discernible effect" on the unemployment rate, the bureau says.
Stuart Hoffman, a senior economic advisor at PNC Financial Services, told Jim the effects of the storms are likely to be temporary, and the job market should recover by the end of the year.
The September jobs report also adjusted revised job growth in July and August downward; with those revisions, 38,000 fewer jobs were added this summer than had been previously reported.
Job growth has now averaged 91,000 jobs monthly for the past three months, the BLS says.
Charleston Beer Exchange joshl725 is right they are rude. Michael Johnson22
Baroni's New York Pizza Baroni's New York Pizza is one of my two favorite pizzas in the Charleston area… Glynda McAleer
Blossom & Stems Florist & Greenhouse The worst customer service I have experienced in a long time. Guess thats what I… Courtney Barfield
Pence's Liquor and Wine I actually appreciate this guy. He's voluntarily enforcing parking. We'd have to pay a bureaucrat… Neo Marcist
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pilot who allegedly passed out drunk in the cockpit of a plane moments before take off was three times over the legal drink drive limit, police have revealed.
The man, named as 37-year-old Slovakian Miroslav Gronych, was due to fly the plane from Calgary, Alberta, in Canada, to Cancun, Mexico, on New Year's Eve.
But he was arrested after crew noticed him "behaving oddly before he became unconscious in the cockpit".
He was escorted off the plane and taken into custody where police tested him and claim he was three times over the legal drink drive limit.
Sgt. Paul Stacey told a news conference: "Pilot charged with being impaired was 3 times the legal limit.
"They found him slumped over in the seat. He was the captain."
Mr Gronych has been charged after the incident on the Sunwing Airlines 737-800 plane.
He was due to carry 99 passengers and six crew.
Mr Gronych was charged with having care and control of an aircraft while impaired, and having care and control of an aircraft with a blood alcohol level over .08.
(Photo: Getty)
He is due to appear in court on January 5.
Sunwing airlines released a statement apologising for the incident.
It read: "Dear Customers,
"We would like to take the opportunity to advise you of an incident that occurred earlier this morning.
"We can confirm that shortly before 7 a.m. local time, the gate agents, first officer and crew of Sunwing flight 595, departing from Calgary and destined for Cancun, determined that the Captain was unfit to fly and reported this accordingly.
"The Captain was immediately escorted off of the aircraft and the incident are now under investigation with local authorities.
"We are very appreciative of our crew's diligence in handling this very unfortunate matter in accordance with procedures.
"We were able to secure a new Captain and are pleased to report that our customers are now en route to their destination after experiencing a minimal delay.
"We are very apologetic for any upset that this has caused and would like to assure our customers that safety remains our utmost priority."
March 31 Hong Kong Economic Times Holdings Limited
* Discloseable transaction in relation to acquisition of properties
* Deal for total consideration of HK$152.4 million
* Unit and vendor entered into agreement
* Purchaser has agreed to acquire and vendor has agreed to sell entire issued share capital Source text (bit.ly/2nqG5uC) Further company coverage:
This content is only available to subscribers.
Login or Subscribe
Share this: Email
Twitter
Facebook
Even if the Affordable Care Act is repealed or significantly changed by Congress and President Donald Trump, the more than 9,900 employees of the City and County of Denver enrolled in one of the three city-offered health insurance plans should not be greatly affected. Heather Britton, manager of benefits and wellness in the city's Office […]
MEETING OF HENRY COUNTY HEALTH CENTER BOARD OF TRUSTEES
Tuesday August 15, 2017
Time: 12:00 p.m.
HCHC Board Room
Mission: To enhance the health of individuals and communities through high quality, effective and efficient services
Vision: To be the healthcare provider and employer of choice
Values: Quality, Service, Teamwork, Accountability, Respect and Trust
I. CALL TO ORDER
II. ROLL CALL
Mr. Clouse _______ Mrs. Olson ________ Mrs. Heaton ________
Mr. Meyer _______ Mr. Severson ________ Mrs. Towne _________
Mr. Prottsman ______
III. Consent agenda
A. Minutes of previous meeting & committees
B. Administrative Team Reports
IV. OLD BUSINESS
A. Clinic remodel update ♦ □
V. HOSPITAL INSPECTION: Olson
VI. NEW BUSINESS
A. September board meeting date ♦ □ *
B. Health Enterprises Cooperative Renewal purchasing agreement ♦ □ *
C. Iowa Hospital Benchmark performance data ♦ □
D. Financial Assistance Policy update ♦ □ *
VII. MEDICAL STAFF REPORT:
A. Medical Staff appointments and reappointments ♦ □ *
VIII. EXECUTIVE CONFERENCE
Closed session pursuant to Iowa Code Chapter 21.5 1(l) to discuss strategic proprietary information □ ♦ *
IX. ADJOURNMENT
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A school immunisation session stopped halfway through when staff realised that the vaccines had not been stored at the correct temperature.
Many pupils in Year 9 had already received the jabs at Hawarden High School in Flintshire, Wales earlier this week, before the storage issue came to light.
Parents are now worried that the incorrectly stored vaccines could negatively impact their children's health.
But medics at the Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board assured the school that although the vaccines were “temporarily stored outside of their normal parameters” they were safe and will still be effective against tetanus and meningitis .
Parents were later sent letters explaining what had happened, the Daily Post reports.
But many took to social media to share their concerns about whether their children would have any side effects.
(Image: AFP)
One mum said reassurances were given that the batch had only been recalled as a precaution because it emerged there may have been a problem with it not being stored at the correct temperature.
But others sought answers from the local health board until an email was sent out and a letter and leaflet was sent home.
A spokesman for Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board said: “A school vaccination was stopped as a precaution on Wednesday, January 31 at Hawarden High School after we became aware that during the delivery of the vaccines by our supplier earlier in the week they were temporarily stored outside of their normal parameters.
(Image: Daily Post Wales)
"We would like to reassure the children and parents that the vaccines are safe and effective to use, and all children that received the vaccine will benefit from it and do not require revaccination.
“Children who did not receive their vaccines on that day will be offered their vaccines from a new batch of vaccines, a date for this vaccination session is to be arranged in due course."
Danville City Council Special Session
AGENDA
Monday, December 11, 2017
Order of business, special session
Danville City Council, Danville City Hall
NOTE: The regular session may be conducted electronically
as allowed by Iowa Code 21.8
Call to order, 5:00 p.m..
Accept or amend the agenda.
Sidewalk replacement project on North Main Street Approval of final payment to Fisher Custom Concrete. Discussion and action on additional work done on this project.
Approval of the Beer permit belonging to Old 34 Gas & Grill.
Clarification of dates and times for city council meetings in January 2018. Action by council if needed.
Wind Advisory issued February 14 at 3:35PM MST expiring February 16 at 5:00AM MST in effect for: Union
Flood Warning issued February 14 at 2:31AM MST expiring February 15 at 2:31AM MST in effect for: Elko
Flood Warning issued February 14 at 1:36AM MST expiring February 15 at 1:36AM MST in effect for: Elko
Flood Warning issued February 14 at 12:46AM MST expiring February 15 at 12:46AM MST in effect for: Elko
Flood Warning issued February 13 at 12:07AM MST expiring February 14 at 11:00PM MST in effect for: Elko
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A wife whose husband poisoned her with laxatives, leaving her family believing she was dying, fears he will be spared prison.
Elizabeth Smith's food was spiked throughout her three-year relationship with David Thomas Smith, who slipped the substances into her meals while spinning a web of lies - including claims he had been an elite SAS soldier.
Smith made his wife so sick doctors thought she suffered from motor neurone disease, and she could barely stand.
Now the grandmother - who got so ill she once passed out in the bathroom and woke up covered in diarrhoea and vomit - fears a decision by a judge to delay sentencing him could see him walk free.
The SAS fantasist made his wife so ill that doctors thought she suffered from motor neurone disease, and she could barely stand. He also lied about being one of the SAS's Iranian embassy siege heroes and stole money from her bank account.
At an earlier hearing at Ayr Sheriff Court , Smith, 63, earlier admitted culpably and recklessly administering laxatives between March 2012 and July 2015, knowing they would damage his wife's health.
But now Sheriff John Montgomery has asked for more information about the medical effects of the poisoning and postponed sentencing until next month.
Elizabeth, 62, from Ayr, told the Daily Record : “It has been a hellish ordeal and this is just dragging out the agony.
“It was really hard for me to come to court but I felt I had to.
“I wanted to see justice being done but this delay just makes me think he may get a slap on the wrist.
“He has admitted poisoning me and one doctor said my symptoms were so bad they thought I had motor neurone disease.
“What more do they need?”
Callous Smith, from Telford, Shropshire, who claimed he had cancer in a bid to stop Elizabeth going to the police, also lied that he owned a multi-million pound factory.
His campaign of contaminating Elizabeth's snacks left the beauty therapist so gaunt and weak that she could hardly stand.
Friends and family feared she was suffering from a terminal illness.
Sheriff Montgomery said: “I need to see a clear link between the administration of laxatives and the consequences thereof.”
Elizabeth, speaking after the hearing, added: “I just want this to be over and for him to get what he deserves.
“This is dragging things out, it's torture. I just hope justice is served.”
Elizabeth previously warned that Smith was a danger to women, telling the Record: "It is only a matter of time before someone ends up underneath the patio."
A south suburban couple is getting their stolen tax refund back thanks in part to the ABC7 I-Team.The Links were using popular software to file their tax return when they became victims of high tech thieves . Now, seven months later, their money is back where it belongs."Everybody looks forward to a tax refund check to either pay bills or put in your savings, and we're seniors now," Madeline Link said.Madeline and John Link were counting the days since tax season to get their federal refund check for more than $2,200.Jason Knowles: "So someone had your hard-earned money, now you have it back."John Link; "I feel that going through Channel 7 and the I-Team, that this was a factor with us getting our refund."JK: "And when you opened it, what'd you think?"JL: "It was more than we thought it would be because they sent it with interest."In April, the I-Team exposed how the Links fell victim to fraud. Hackers somehow changed the bank account information in their TurboTax software, so when the Links filed their return the money went to crooks.Intuit, the creator of TurboTax, said it "has implemented additional security measures in TurboTax, including stronger passwords, multi-factor authentication and customer notices and alerts.""It's still scary this happened to us. We never thought in all the years we have been married that someone could get ahold of your information and take it from you. We never had that happen," Madeline said.After the I-Team started asking questions, Intuit started investigating and discovered that the Links were warned about that deposit number via email, but those emails went to the Links' junk account.Then the IRS sent a letter to the Links confirming a federal investigation."I kept checking on 'Where's My Refund,' the service that the IRS provides to find out where your refund is. Every day we would be checking and every day they would be telling that it is being processed," John said.Besides the $2,200 in federal money, the Links also ended up getting their state refund back for another $326."I'm very excited, because I had given up hope," Madeline said.The Department of Treasury and the IRS say they have made investigating refund fraud and ID theft a top priority. No word on if the hackers in this case were caught, but the IRS said it is vigilant in the investigations of these schemes.Tax Scams / Consumer Alerts: https://www.irs.gov/uac/tax-scams-consumer-alerts
Wading into a dark green soybean sea in early August, Jimmy Frederick smiled and kept his nerve, pretending all he wanted was to push past the century mark. Behind the grin, Frederick hung his hopes on heavy plants hiding beneath a bursting canopy: The field was screaming out 150-plus bushels per acre.
On Oct. 27, 2017, Frederick harvested 163.9 bu. per acre across 40 acres of an irrigated 130-acre field. The remainder of the field averaged more than 100 bu. per acre. With a focus on seed population, spacing and biologicals, Frederick attributes the fall bounty to spring effort. He says the booming yields were established when the planter rolled.
Frederick, 36, farms 2,500 acres of corn and soybeans across a mix of terraces, hills and bottom ground alongside his father, James, in southeast Nebraska, near Rulo. Typically, Frederick's soybean yields bounce from 80 bu. to 90 bu. per acre on irrigated ground and 70 bu. to 80 bu. per acre on nonirrigated ground. The record 130-acre field, with a gumbo-type soil, soared in 2014 with 96 bu. per acre.
In 2016, Frederick used a 160,000 plant population across his soybean acreage, but in 2017, he dropped it to 145,000, intending to increase lateral branching off the stem and curb the need for the plants to steal from neighbors. On the 130 irrigated acres, he went even lower, dipping to a 115,000 plant population. It was a dollars-for-dollars trade.
“I wanted to cut seed costs and use the money elsewhere to improve yield. I was excited because the money I saved paid for my in-furrow fertilizer and biologicals,” he says.
Getting a bit of a late start due to weather, Frederick punched ground on May 20, planting into 30" rows. He keeps the specific variety tight to his chest but says it was a dicamba-
tolerant soybean (2.8 maturity group).
“Population was extremely important for Jimmy,” says Chris Masters, CEO of Biovante. “The lower plant population allowed greater expression of the genetics, and that can add 3 bu. to 4 bu. by itself.”
Frederick believes the initial yield key was delivery of biologicals coupled with highly effective machinery. “Everything was right at planting. I used a Precision Planting FurrowJet to put down biologicals in-furrow and out the wings. It was the perfect combination for germination,” he says.
Masters is a proponent of singulation in soybeans and says Frederick's soybeans are a prime example of potential benefits.
“If you aim for 1" or 1.5" spacing, you're letting the plants express themselves genetically,” Masters says. “Crowd the space, and we see minimized lateral branching. You'll get closer internodes, increased lateral branching and more flowers when you mix the right equipment with the right biologicals.”
At season's end, three products made the biggest yield impact, according to Frederick: BioCore, BioMate and Elixor.
BioCore is a talc-based seed treatment enhanced with micronutrients and microorganisms. BioMate is a four-sugar food source that features two strands of bacteria, which feed soil microorganisms and provide energy to the plant. Elixor (pH-neutral), though not a biological, is a systemic fungicide and bactericide intended to boost immunity and preserve beneficial soil microbes around the seed.
“I spent an extra $2.05 to $2.10 per bushel. Those are not crazy costs, but that's a lot when you don't know the outcome at the end of a season,” Frederick says. “But I was excited early on because the laterals shot out, and there was an unusual amount of blooms after flowering. I knew we had something special.”
Nights in the low 70s, 2" of water each week, low weed pressure and consistent sunshine were significant parts of the yield puzzle. Frederick also stayed on top of the crop and played no waiting games.
“I walked it all the time and tissue-sampled,” he says. “Bugs were smoked right away. When the beans needed something, I didn't hesitate.”
Producer Cory Snethen grows corn and soybeans near Frederick in Richardson County. He says Frederick's 130-acre field is not particularly great ground and attributes the big yield entirely to management: “That dirt isn't the best in the world, but those beans were incredible. I've never seen so many pods.
“Jimmy is very aggressive on finding stuff that pays,” Snethen continues. “Everybody wants to sell us something, but Jimmy does a great job of actually sorting through and finding return on investment. He'll tell you straight when he's wasting his time, and he'll tell you when you can get money back in your pocket.”
Frederick's season-long efforts paid off in October. He rolled into the field and began cutting, stunned by yield monitor numbers that surpassed his highest estimates.
“I'm sitting there cutting, just blown away by the flashing numbers that were as special as the beans looked,” he says.
His only regret? Bushels left in the field. Frederick's 163.9-bu. mark was even more impressive considering lost bushels. Big, woody stems acted like “another set of ratchet bars” Frederick says, and they ground some of the soybeans to powder. Frederick thinks double-digit yield numbers slipped away in phantom loss.
“We drove as slow as possible, had the concave wide open, and it made no difference,” Frederick says. “Behind the combine you could see bean hulls all over the ground that didn't make it to the bin, but I'm learning for next year.”
Frederick plans to extend biological use and in-furrow treatments across all acres in 2018: “I'm going to lower my passes, change around product rates and learn how to do better.”
This year, Masters intends to steer Frederick toward even lower plant populations. “I'm going to push for Jimmy to go even lower than 115,000—maybe even less than 100,000. We're going to try new things and compare in-furrow versus no in-furrow.”
What is Frederick's takeaway from success in 2017? Science works, he says. “Every move counts, and I've got so much to learn. The coolest thing is watching science in action in my field and letting the plant act like the genetics intend by tapping into everything from spacing to germination.”
The longer Frederick talks about end-of-season yields, the more he points backward in time to the crucial aspects of planting. He insists his yield numbers began climbing when his planter rolled on May 20.
“I had the right equipment with the right biologicals. Sure, they work good separately, but put them together, and you've got bread and butter,” Frederick says.
Lucy Letby has been arrested over the deaths of eight babies in a case that has shocked Britain.
Lucy Letby has been arrested over the deaths of eight babies in a case that has shocked Britain.
A SECOND hospital is now investigating the nurse who police allege is linked to the deaths of at least eight babies.
Lucy Letby was arrested on Tuesday on suspicion of murdering the babies and attempting to kill another six infants. A further three baby deaths were being investigated.
The 28-year-old was a celebrated member of the neonatal unit at the Countess of Chester Hospital where a large number of suspicious deaths of infants occurred.
Ms Letby's arrest stunned colleagues because she is regarded as a "champion for children" she cares for - and helped a massive fundraising campaign to build a new $5 million baby unit at the hospital and has repeatedly spoken about her devotion to her profession since she graduated in 2011.
It emerged last night a second hospital was helping police with their inquiries. Ms Letby worked at Liverpool Women's Hospital during her training - and health bosses there are now "co-operating with police" as part of their murder investigation.
A spokeswoman said there was "currently" no suggestion any patient had come to harm during Ms Letby's placement.
A conviction for eight murders would make Ms Letby Britain's worst child killer. She is yet to be charged with any offences.
Officers were searching the three-bedroom unit Ms Letby lives in Chester, in northwest England, 2.5km from the Countess of Chester Hospital.
A forensic tent has been set up at the flat, and at the home of her parents.
Neighbours of Ms Letby told media they were in disbelief someone who was so "dedicated to her job" could be accused of anything like what had been suggested.
Nurse Lucy Letby
One local told the Chester Chronicle they had known her since she was just three years' old and "she was lovely, she always has been".
Another said she had only just returned home after holidaying at Devon with her parents.
Others said she kept to herself and didn't know too many people in the area.
Ms Letby - who has two cats and is registered as living alone at her home - has "liked" UK TV hospital show One Born Every Minute on Facebook.
She is a member of 14 groups relating to helping sick children, including: "Save special care baby units. They need us. One day u might need them."
Several mothers wrote online of their horror that their children were cared for by Ms Letby.
One said her daughter was cared for by her "everyday for seven weeks".
Another recognised her instantly as a nurse who was involved in the care of two of her grandchildren
In an interview with a local newspaper, Ms Letby told why she loved nursing.
"I qualified as a Children's Nurse from The University of Chester in 2011 and have been working on the unit since graduating," she said.
The Countess of Chester Hospital was where a number of babies died in suspicious circumstances.
"I also worked on the unit as a student nurse during my three years of training. My role involves caring for a wide range of babies requiring various levels of support.
"Some are here for a few days, others for many months and I enjoy seeing them progress and supporting their families."
Detectives were called to the hospital when a report revealed an alarmingly high number of deaths at the neonatal unit.
Staff had noticed a "sudden mottling" on the arms, legs and chests of premature or poorly babies who unexpectedly deteriorated and had to be revived, and noted similar things happening with cases of babies who died.
Police have been working on the case for over a year.
Ms Letby's arrest has shocked her colleagues.
In an announcement in the local paper when she graduated in 2011 with an Honours in child nursing, her parents said: "We are so proud of you after all your hard work. Love Mum and Dad."
Detective Inspector Paul Hughes of Cheshire Police said: "Since the start of our inquiries and, as the information gathering process has continued, the scope of the investigation has now widened.
"We are now currently investigating the deaths of 17 babies and 15 non-fatal collapses between the period of March 2015 and July 2016.
"Parents of all the babies are continuing to be kept fully updated and are being supported throughout the process by specially trained officers."
andrew.koubaridis@news.com.au
0:38 Vintage Packard pulled from lagoon at Concours Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:24 Fire engulfs vacant house on Fort Worth Avenue
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An aspiring actress is turning to online backers to fund her place at a world-famous drama school.
Cambridge student Harriet Beynon needs to raise £12,000 to pay for her course at the prestigious Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) whose notable alumni include Kenneth Brannagh, Alan Rickman, Anthony Hopkins and Joan Collins.
However, she risks losing her place if she cannot raise a sizeable sum of money before her course begins on September 14.
She said: “I am a normal girl from a very working-class family and the £12,000 required for the course is a large impossibility for my parents, as it would be for any family, who have worked all their lives to support myself and my brother.
“I am incredibly lucky to have such supportive family and their love and support remind me how much all the rejection and struggle of this challenging industry is worth it."
(Image: Facebook)
More than 3,000 people apply to the institution for a place each year and Harriet is one of just 32 hopefuls to earn a place.
So far the aspiring actress has raised £275 towards her target, through a Go Fund Me page, but with the deadline looming she fears she may have to give up on her dream.
The 20-year-old is just about to complete a musical theatre foundation course at the Emil Dale Academy in Hitchin and she also performed at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
She completed A levels in drama, theatre studies, performance studies and dance at Hills Road Sixth Form College.
Harriet fancies herself as the “female working-class version of Benedict Cumberbatch” although her acting role models are Maxine Peake (The Theory of Everything) and Helen McCrory (Peaky Blinders).
“I look up to them because they are normal. They are entirely relatable and accessible to audiences. Real women, rather ‘actors' who are not afraid to challenge audiences and portray the harsh reality of life.”
(Image: PA Archive/PA Images)
After years of thinking ‘what if' and being concerned the school would be ‘strict and uninviting' she decided to take a leap of faith and tried for a place.
She said: “Walking into the building was magical. Once I had worked out how to use the automatic door, I could instantly feel the history of the school.
"Reading the boards with lists of some astonishing actors such as Imelda Staunton and Kenneth Branagh, inspired me to go for it, to enjoy my audition and just be myself.”
Harriet is appealing for people to donate to her Go Fund Me page, in the hope of strengthening her chances of becoming an actress.
She said: “Life is too short to stick to your comfort zone, it is time for me to take a risk and I am beyond grateful to anyone that can enable me to do that.
“I always assumed RADA would have quite a pompous atmosphere, but I could not have been more wrong. Never have I felt so welcome and at ease, especially in an audition situation.
“I felt as though I could try anything and was not afraid to make mistakes or look ridiculous.”
Be left in no doubt - the LG V30 is a very impressive mobile phone. In our V30 review, we used compliments like 'gorgeous', 'high-powered' and 'one of 2017's best smartphones' to describe the 6-inch mobile before slapping a 4.5 out of 5 rating on it.
And although the price was on the hefty side when it was released in September last year, in less than six months it has now become a cut price alternative to the likes of the iPhone X and Samsung Galaxy Note 8. That's thanks to a bunch of LG V30 deals that have just become available from Carphone Warehouse-owned online retailer Mobiles.co.uk.
(Update: Remarkably, you could get the LG V30 for prices as low as £22.99 per month very briefly earlier this week. Unfortunately, that tariff has now been withdrawn by Mobiles.co.uk. But there are still massive discounts to be had, including a 16GB Vodafone deal coming in under £30 per month.)
"Mobiles.co.uk prides on supplying the best value phones," a spokesperson told us. "This time, we decided to showcase the LG V30 in all it's glory with a price tag making it affordable for the majority of tech fanatics."
LG V30 price drop in full:
LG V30 on O2 | 99p upfront | 3GB data | Unlimited mins and texts | £27 per month This 3GB O2 tariff is cheaper than a Poundland purchase upfront, and then the monthly payments are still a reasonable £27. Excellent value on such a desirable phone. Total cost over 24 months is £648.99
Get this LG V30 deal on O2
LG V30 on Vodafone | £80 upfront (with 10OFF code) | 16GB data | Unlimited mins and texts | £29 per month You'll want to crank up the data if you're in the habit of streaming Spotify and videos away from Wi-Fi. Somehow Mobiles can offer it for just £29 per month. Use our 10OFF code for an extra tenner off. Total cost over 24 months is £776
Check out this Vodafone LG V30 deal
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelford Market is to close after more than a hundred years in the village.
The bustling market, which sees thousands of pounds worth of cattle pass through its gates each week, is set to close at the end of March after landlords agreed the sale of the land for housing.
The move will result in the loss of a number of jobs and is likely to take the millions of pounds worth of business outside of Macclesfield.
Market owners Wright Marshall, who lease the land, have expressed their ‘bitter disappointment' at being unable to find a suitable site for relocation.
In a statement they said: “The Directors of Wright Marshall are disappointed to confirm that Chelford Market will hold it's last sale on 30th March.
“Business will therefore cease at one of Britain's best-known and most diverse Auction Centres, with the loss of a number of jobs, and with an expected significant impact upon the rural economy regionally. This is a bitter disappointment to the directors of Wright Marshall, who have been striving for many years to provide a suitable site for relocation. Wright Marshall, however, remain committed to providing an Auction sales service to the Agricultural and Rural community, and are continuing with negotiations over a possible new site."
Chelford's landlords have entered into a conditional contract to sell the site to a development company which requires vacant possession of the site prior to submitting a detailed planning application for housing.
Wright Marshall, which will hold its last sale on March 30, said the existing Chelford business will be relocated to the firm's other Auction Centre at Beeston Castle.
Chelford Market
Founded in 1911, Chelford market has since operated continuously on the same site and is now one of the UK's busiest auction centres, employing nearly 50 people.
Land was originally rented from Sir George Dixon and became home to the first livestock pens. The farmers called their venture the ‘Chelford Cattle Market Company' and had fortnightly sales.
There was an office heated by oil stoves and lit by oil lamps, where money changed hands and three pens for stock loading plus a long platform, which was used to unload horses and to handle milk churns.
A timber building on the site was used to stable horses overnight after they brought the mail from Knutsford. Water came from two storage tanks owned by the railway company fed by a wind pump.
From 1916-1922, livestock was subject to Ministry of Food control, but just as controls were removed, foot and mouth disease broke out. Between January 1922 and December 1924, more than 3,000 cases were reported and Chelford market was either closed or sales restricted.
In 1933 John Braggins bought Chelford Cattle Market Company and in 1935 entered into partnership with Frank Marshall. When John Braggins retired, Frank Marshall took over and Frank R Marshall & Company was born on May 9 1947.
Knutsford auction market closed and its sheds and sheep pens, with those from Altrincham market, were taken to Chelford. By the end of the 1960s, Chelford was the main auction centre for calves. Foot and mouth closed the market for 11 weeks in 1967, but its reopening two weeks later brought in new business.
The weekly poultry sale dates to post-war days, when Harths of Poynton unloaded Irish geese off the train into the sale yard at Chelford.
Demand from vegetable growers led to the first produce sale in 1976 and expanded to include flowers, pot plants, trees, shrubs, eggs, fruit, poultry and game and it is now the largest horticultural auction market in Britain.
CLEVELAND — Indians slugger Edwin Encarnacion sustained a potentially serious right ankle injury in the first inning of Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the New York Yankees.
Encarnacion was scrambling to get back to second base when he jammed his foot into the bag and rolled his ankle Friday. He dropped to the ground in obvious pain and writhed in the infield dirt while waiting for medical personnel.
Encarnacion, who was doubled up on the play, was unable to put much weight on his leg and had to be helped off the field. He had to pause on the trip to the dugout because he was hurting so much.
The Indians said Encarnacion has a sprained ankle and is undergoing further evaluation. Cleveland led the ALDS 1-0.
Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
New Year's Eve was one of the busiest nights for law enforcement. The Dallas Police Department reports it received more than 900 calls about gunfire last year, and it had 711 calls about gunfire in four hours this weekend.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
21+ | Free event | Downtown Las Vegas Event Center
Join CBS Radio for a pre-game party from 1p-3p with games, prizes and more!
Then stick around and catch the game along with every commercial and the halftime performance in full view with concert quality sound!
Sponsored by: The D Las Vegas, David Wilson's Toyota of Las Vegas and RideNow Powersports
Chennai: A rejig in the rules for the selection of the national chess team by the India Chess Federation (AICF) coupled with an attitudinal change in offering facilities to the team members has enabled India to field its strongest team for the 2018 Olympiad to be held in Batumi in Georgia this September, said a senior AICF official.
These changes have surprised and piqued many chess players and enthusiasts in the country.
The five-member Indian men's team at the Olympiad will be spearheaded by five-time World Champion and presently the World No.10 Grand Master (GM) Viswanathan Anand (ELO rating of 2,776). The other members are World No.26 GM P. Harikrishna (ELO 2,731) and World No.34 GM Vidit Santosh Gujrathi (ELO 2,723).
The fourth and fifth members of the team would be selected from World No.77 GM K. Sasikiran (ELO 2,671), GM Surya Shekhar Ganguly (ELO 2,657), AGM B. Adhiban (ELO 2,650) and GM S.P. Sethuraman (ELO 2,649) based on their rating at the cut-off date.
On a rough calculation, the average rating of the Indian team will be around 2,700.
"The Indian men's team for this Olympiad will be one of the strongest teams in the tournament," AICF Secretary Bharat Singh Chauhan told IANS.
India this time around has added 'Mr. Universe' muscle at the top board by roping in the legendary Anand and also added muscle at the bottom by changing the selection rule.
An AICF sub-committee headed by its President P.R. Venketrama Raja decided to select the Indian men's and women's team for Olympiad/World/Asian Team Championships based on the player's international rating.
Though the AICF has been selecting the Indian team based on their global rating, lower rated players gained their place due to the old rules -- like the national champion being the default member.
"Indian chess players have grown stronger now. The old rule has resulted in creating weak links in the team which we have decided to rectify," Chauhan said.
Several GMs and chess enthusiasts have been raising these issues for the past couple of years internally and also through IANS.
"After becoming AICF Secretary, Chauhan interacted with the players and sought their views on various aspects to take Indian chess forward and the results of which we are seeing now," a senior GM preferring anonymity told IANS.
But what is the logic for changing the team selection rules?
"With major top ranked players avoiding the national championship, the national champion will generally be a low rated player. At the tough Olympiad, this will be a major weak link and the burden has to be borne by the top players," a senior chess player said.
A team with higher average ELO rating has the advantage of being seeded high and facing weaker opponents in the initial rounds.
"Now the opponents will have to discount a win on the top board against Anand and have to slog it out in the remaining three boards against players figuring in the top 100 in the world," R.R. Vasudevan, International Chess Arbiter, elaborated further.
"With three players in the top 50 in the World and the remaining with a rating of over 2,600, the psychological advantage for the Indian team is huge," Vasudevan said.
Rule changes apart, the AICF had decided to hold the training camps for the Olympiad team in five-star hotels -- the first camp is underway now in Delhi.
There have been several instances when players boycotted or walked out of the major domestic tournaments owing to bad venues.
The second camp will also be held in a similar hotel and the third camp over seven days will be held in Georgia, ahead of the Olympiad.
A training camp for the Olympiad team in a foreign country ahead of the event is something really rare as far as Indian chess is concerned, according to several chess players, who spoke to IANS.
"The Indian players have now grown in stature and we have to offer facilities to match their international stature. Further, the camp in Georgia will enable the Indian players to acclimatise to the local conditions," Chauhan said.
Queried about hiring a foreign GM as the team coach and the offer of incentives if there is a podium finish, Chauhan said: "The Indian players are strong and a foreign coach may not add much value. We are planning to offer incentives involving the government and corporates."
The Indian men's Olympiad team that won the bronze medal in 2014 did not get any financial incentives either from the central or the state governments.
The Indian women's team for the Olympiad will have a foreign coach.
Putting at rest all speculation, Chauhan said the rule change and better facilities have nothing to do with Anand deciding to play in the Olympiad.
"These were decided well ahead of 48-year-old Anand giving his consent to play for India," Chauhan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) - Medicare says it plans to require hospitals to post their standard prices online and to make electronic medical records more readily available to patients.
The head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Seema Verma, said Tuesday the initiative reflects the Trump administration's effort to encourage patients to become decision makers in their care.
Hospitals are required to disclose prices publicly, but the latest change would put that information online in machine-readable format that can be easily processed by computers.
Likewise, many health care providers already make computerized records available to patients, but starting in 2021 Medicare would base part of a hospital's payments on how well they do.
Verma also announced Medicare is starting a comprehensive review of how it will pay for costly new forms of immunotherapy.
Several history and archaeology classes are available this spring in Ridgefield Continuing Education. The Dutch, the English, the Indians and the Deeds (Wednesday, April 19, $31) reviews complicated border relationships during the Colonial period in this area, particularly from 1708 to 1743, when nine deeds were transacted between the proprietors of Ridgefield and the local natives. Instructor Lynn-Marie Wieland is an archaeologist specializing in southern New England prehistory, with a special interest in the Ridgefield to Ward Pound Ridge Reservation area. She has studied and written about the Indians living here from 6000 B.C. to 1743 A.D.
World War II: A World at War, Again (Tuesdays, April 25 and May 2 and 9, $71) is a new course in Ridgefield Continuing Education. This class examines the origins, political forces, cultural issues, and horrific events of this terrible war. Instructor Robert Steel is a veteran history teacher who taught in Westchester County and at Columbia Teachers College.
The Rise of Civilization in Meso America (Wednesdays, May 3, 10 and 17) and Cold War and the 60s: America Emerges as a Super Power (Tuesdays, May 16 and 23) are also available.
All of the classes meet from 10 to noon at the Venus Building (old high school). Ridgefield senior discount available. Advance registration required. Visit ridgefieldschools.org or phone Peggy Bruno at 203-431-2812.
× Man says ‘best mistake I've ever made' led to $100K lottery jackpot
FLINT, Mich. – A Mid-Michigan man said it was the “best mistake I've ever made,” and it led to him winning $100,000, according to WNEM.
The Tuscola County man, who has chosen to remain anonymous, matched the Fantasy 5 numbers drawn Thursday to win the Fantasy 5 jackpot.
He bought his winning ticket at Worth's Party Store, located at 4730 East Main Street in Millington.
“I usually play 04-14-28-30-31, but I accidentally picked 29 instead of 28,” said the player. “Rather than starting over with a new slip, I just decided to go ahead and play those numbers and I'm so glad I did.
The lucky player claimed his prize on Tuesday.
“Winning the jackpot was all because of a simple mistake, but it's definitely the best mistake I've ever made.”
He said he plans to use the money to pay down his mortgage.
“I can't tell you how it feels to win the jackpot. It's a once-in-a-lifetime kind of thing,” the player said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Russian theoretical physicist has put forward a remarkable theory that we humans may be the universe's bad guys after all.
Alexander Berezin, a prominent scientist from Russia's National University of Electronic Technology Research has published a grim article outlining his solution to the so-called "Fermi's paradox".
In a nutshell, the paradox asks the question that if the universe is so vast (and increasing all the time) why haven't we detected any other forms of alien life. Mathematically speaking, the chances of other life forms evolving elsewhere in the universe is almost guarenteed.
According to Berezin, the reason we haven't contacted aliens yet is that they haven't evolved to our level. That is, they haven't developed space travel or intersteller communication through things like radio waves.
But he goes on to say that the first species to develop this technology will naturally eradicate those it comes into contact with as a means of fuelling its own survival.
(Image: NASA)
Berezin doesn't say that humankind will do this out of malice or anger - just that it is the natural way of things.
"They simply [will] not realize, in the same way that a construction team demolishes an anthill to build a property because it has no incentives to protect it," he explains.
Essentially, it's Darwinian principles taken into outer space.
Berezin says that he "hopes to be wrong" about his theory, but given the way humans have colonised this planet, it doesn't seem too far-fetched.
(Image: iStockphoto)
It will, he says, become a race to be the first with capable interstellar technology.
“The only explanation is the invocation of the anthropic principle, we are the first to reach the [interstellar] stage and, most likely, we will be the last to leave," he wrote.
While the article has been published in the ArXiv digital archive , it hasn't yet been peer-reviewed by other scientists.
Many scientific luminaries have spoken out about our need to colonise other planets in order to ensure our survival.
Famously, Professor Stephen Hawking said we need to explore our technological capabilities to the fullest in order to avoid extinction.
(Image: Science Photo Library RM)
If we do not find another planet to live on , climate change, over population, pandemics and our warring ways will get us in the end, he said.
This was explored in this year's BBC Two documentary 'Expedition New Earth' , in which the professor enlisted engineering expert Christophe Galfard to explore the feasibility to interplanetary travel.
In an interview with Wired he also said he believed the planet had "reached the point of no return".
Of course, the situation could easily be reversed if an advanced alien civilisation came to Earth looking to colonise it for their own survival.
When Former FBI chief James Comey appeared before the Senate Intelligence Committee last week, he told them US President Donald Trump suggested he drop the investigation into former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn.
In his FBI capacity, he had been looking into Flynn's connection with Russian interference in the 2016 US presidential election.
Comey told them when he didn't follow Trump's instructions he became like the “meddlesome priest” Thomas A'Becket, who was martyred in 1170. He went on to explain why.
Firstly though, to look at what Comey told the Committee at the beginning of this section of testimony.
He told them what Trump said when he discussed Flynn with him in a private meeting at the Oval Office:
“I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go. He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go,” Trump said.
One of the Committee members asked Comey whether he interpreted the phrase “I hope” as a directive from Trump to stop the investigation into Flynn and the 2016 US presidential election.
Comey said he interpreted words like “I hope” or “I suggest,” as directives.
“I mean, this is a president of the United States with me alone saying, ‘I hope this.'
“I took it as, this is what he wants me to do. I didn't obey that, but that's the way I took it.”
As a result of not taking Trump's advice, Comey says he was in the same situation as the one that occurred between A'Becket and King Henry II.
A'Becket and the king were having a spat over the rights the church held in England during Henry II's reign.
Where the king said “Will no one rid me of this meddlesome priest?” (often interpreted as a wish to have him murdered – as A'Becket subsequently was), Trump simply fired Comey last month.
Source
News category: World.
LPC: Securus LBO debt structure dampens investor demand
NEW YORK, June 14 Some institutional investors are dismissing the debt package backing Securus Technologies' US$1.7bn leveraged buyout due to a first-out revolving credit facility, even as thin dealflow and favorable prison policies under the Trump administration position the provider of inmate telecom and ancillary services to turn the page on its choppy history in the leveraged loan market.
WASHINGTON — The large premium sedan class once dominated by Buick and Lincoln has some real competition now from the likes of Lexus — and now Kia joins the crowd. The Cadenza has been around a few years already. And for 2017, a redesign is here to help it better compete.
Before, the Cadenza was nice but not comparable to Buick when it came to the ride, providing a jarring ride over bumps. But Kia has revised the suspension, which has smoothed out the ride. Handling is more old-school luxury than Euro-tuned sporty, so don't expect a lively, tossable car on back roads.
The 2017 Kia Cadenza Limited does a nice job of blurring the line between premium and luxury, offering a near luxury car for a price that's easier on the wallet. (WTOP/Mike Parris)
There is some body lean on faster corners, but a comfortable cruiser is where the Cadenza is most at home.
The 3.3-liter V6 helps move the large sedan well; maybe not as much as some of the competition, but for most people, it's plenty powerful. The eight-speed automatic is very smooth, and those extra gears seem to help on the highway. I managed 25.2 mpg in a week of driving, better than the 23 mpg on the sticker.
A more-elegant interior
The Cadenza has a very quiet ride with little wind noise to speak of; you can have normal conversations or low volume on the radio and still hear everything without issues. A host of safety features — such as autonomous emergency braking, forward collision warning, blind spot and lane-departure warning systems — come standard on this model.
Inside, the fully loaded $45,200 Kia Cadenza Limited gives a very nice impression of a full-on luxury sedan for less money than the others.
Higher-quality leather with diamond quilting adds a bit more elegance for this price range, though white leather might be a bit more work to keep clean (although it does add a rich contrast to the black dash and door trim). You get heated and ventilated front seats with myriad power controls to help with your comfort. Rear seats offer nice legroom and sufficient headroom for most but maybe not the tallest of riders. The outboard seats also offer heat only; the person in the middle seat misses out.
The navigational system works well, and the 8-inch screen is nicely sized, but the voice recognition seems to have a problem sometimes with an address input with a lot of numbers; sometimes taking several tries. There is no complaint about the Harmon Kardon premium audio system: It has quality sound at all volume levels. There is also Apple CarPlay and Android Auto smartphone integration.
Polished styling
The Cadenza has a more-modern look than before, but it's still pretty conservative even in this class. Overall, the new front-end styling appears more polished, with a wide grill and sweptback headlight clusters that house LED headlights and fog lights lower down the front fascia.
There is tasteful, bright trim work on the car, adding just enough flash without looking overdone. Large 19-inch dark satin wheels play nicely with the granite brown paint. I'm not a fan of brown paint, but it works well on this big Kia Cadenza. The lines flow nicely for a large car, even if it doesn't really wow with any “Hey, look at me” curb appeal. Rear-end styling is clutter-free if maybe a bit boring, with only a large exhaust opening at the bottom of the bumper to add interest.
The 2017 Kia Cadenza Limited does a nice job of blurring the line between premium and luxury, offering a near-luxury car for a price that's easier on the wallet. With an improved interior, smooth ride and long warranty, the premium large sedan market isn't just for American brands anymore. Kia is always looking to be a better brand, and they make leaps and small jumps each time they redesign.
Mike Parris is a member of the Washington Automotive Press Association. The vehicles are provided by STI, FMI or Event Solutions for the purpose of this review.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who was held captive by the Taliban for half a decade after abandoning his Afghanistan post, is expected to plead guilty to desertion and misbehavior before the enemy, two individuals with knowledge of the case said.Bergdahl's decision to plead guilty rather than face trial marks another twist in an eight-year drama that caused the nation to wrestle with difficult questions of loyalty, negotiating with hostage takers and America's commitment not to leave its troops behind. President Donald Trump has called Bergdahl a "no-good traitor" who "should have been executed."The decision by the 31-year-old Idaho native leaves open whether he will return to captivity for years - this time in a U.S. prison - or receive a lesser sentence that reflects the time the Taliban held him under brutal conditions. He says he had been caged, kept in darkness, beaten and chained to a bed.Bergdahl could face up to five years on the desertion charge and a life sentence for misbehavior.Freed three years ago, Bergdahl had been scheduled for trial in late October. He had opted to let a judge rather than a military jury decide his fate, but a guilty plea later this month will spare the need for a trial.Sentencing will start on Oct. 23, according to the individuals with knowledge of the case. They weren't authorized to discuss the case and demanded anonymity. During sentencing, U.S. troops who were seriously wounded searching for Bergdahl in Afghanistan are expected to testify, the individuals said.It was unclear whether prosecutors and Bergdahl's defense team had reached any agreement ahead of sentencing about how severe a penalty prosecutors will recommend.An attorney for Bergdahl, Eugene Fidell, declined to comment on Friday. Maj. Justin Oshana, who is prosecuting the case, referred questions to the U.S. Army, which declined to discuss whether Bergdahl had agreed to plead guilty."We continue to maintain careful respect for the military-judicial process, the rights of the accused and ensuring the case's fairness and impartiality during this ongoing legal case," said Paul Boyce, an Army spokesman.Bergdahl was a 23-year-old private first class in June 2009 when, after five months in Afghanistan, he disappeared from his remote infantry post near the Pakistan border, triggering a massive search operation.Videos soon emerged showing Bergdahl in captivity by the Taliban, who ruled Afghanistan in the years before the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks and harbored al-Qaida leaders including Osama bin Laden as they plotted against America. For years, the U.S. kept tabs on Bergdahl with drones, spies and satellites as behind-the-scenes negotiations played out in fits and starts.In May 2014, he was handed over to U.S. special forces in a swap for five Taliban detainees at the Guantanamo Bay prison, fueling an emotional U.S. debate about whether Bergdahl was a hero or a deserter.As critics questioned whether the trade was worth it, President Barack Obama stood with Bergdahl's parents in the White House Rose Garden and defended the swap. The United States does not "leave our men or women in uniform behind," Obama declared, regardless of how Bergdahl came to be captured. The Taliban detainees were sent to Qatar."Whatever those circumstances may turn out to be, we still get an American soldier back if he's held in captivity," Obama said. "Period. Full stop."Trump, as a presidential candidate, was unforgiving of Bergdahl, who has been assigned to desk duty at a Texas Army base pending the outcome of his case. At campaign events, Trump declared that Bergdahl "would have been shot" in another era, even pantomiming the pulling of the trigger."We're tired of Sgt. Bergdahl, who's a traitor, a no-good traitor, who should have been executed," Trump said at a Las Vegas rally in 2015.Bergdahl's guilty plea will follow several pretrial rulings against him that had complicated his defense. Army Col. Jeffery R. Nance, the judge, decided in June that testimony from troops wounded as they searched for him would be allowed during sentencing, a decision that strengthened prosecutors' leverage to pursue stiffer punishment.Some of Bergdahl's fellow soldiers want him held responsible for any harm suffered by those who went looking for him. The judge ruled a Navy SEAL and an Army National Guard sergeant wouldn't have found themselves in separate firefights if they hadn't been searching.The defense separately argued Trump's scathing criticism unfairly swayed the case. The judge ruled otherwise. Nance wrote in February that Trump's comments were "disturbing and disappointing" but didn't constitute unlawful command influence by the soon-to-be commander in chief.Bergdahl's lawyers also contended that misbehavior before the enemy, the more serious charge, was legally inappropriate and too severe. They were rebuffed again. The judge said a soldier who leaves his post alone and without authorization should know he could face punishment. The misbehavior charge has rarely been used in recent decades, though there were hundreds of cases during World War II.Defense attorneys don't dispute that Bergdahl walked off his base without authorization. Bergdahl himself told a general during a preliminary investigation that he left intending to cause alarm and draw attention to what he saw as problems with his unit. An Army Sanity Board Evaluation concluded he suffered from schizotypal personality disorder.The defense team has argued that Bergdahl can't be held responsible for a long chain of events that included decisions by others about how to retrieve him that were far beyond his control.
Have you ever wondered why a Teddy Bear is called a Teddy Bear? Or why the Beatles' song ‘Eight days a week' is called ‘Eight days a week?'.
Well, the 15th of February in history marked the inception of both.
Listen in to the podcast to find out more.
Produced by Kvitka Becker
Image sourced from Pixabay
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
According to a new market report published by Credence Research Inc “Custom T-Shirt Printing Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2023,” the global custom t-shirt printing market is expected to witness significant growth with increasing disposable income, shifting trends towards fashionable apparels particularly in developing nations is expected to drive the demand for custom printed t-shirts. In addition, advancement in printing technology to print t-shirt with multiple color and design is also driving the growth of Custom Unisex T-shirt Printing market globally.
Browse Full Report At http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/custom-t-shirt-printing-market
Based on printing technologies, custom t-shirt printing market is classified into screen printing, digital printing and plot printing. Screen printing is a conventional technique used for t-shirt printing across the world and accounted for the largest revenue share. Screen printing technique is expected to maintain its dominating position through the forecast period 2016 – 2023. The growth of custom t-shirt printing market is strongly influenced by adoption of digital printing technology. Introduction of low priced solutions and advancement in inkjet heads that enables the use of variety of inks from different suppliers are expected to increase the adoption of this printing technique for custom t-shirt printing. Digital printing technique is also expected to benefit from immensely changing fashion trends which demands shorter production cycles and high quality prints. Digital printing technology is positioned to witness the fastest growth in the next six years with rising awareness about benefits of this technology and advancement in inkjet technology.
Browse All Reports of This Category @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/industry/consumer-goods-market
Asia Pacific is the largest as well as the fastest growing in the global custom t-shirt printing market. This growth is primarily attributed to shifting trends towards fashionable apparels particularly in young generation and rising disposable income in developing nations. Textile manufacturers from Europe and North America are outsourcing their manufacturing to low-cost manufacturing countries particularly in India, China and other emerging countries in Asia Pacific in order to get benefit from low-cost manufacturing and increase their market share in emerging markets. Increasing outsourcing towards low-cost manufacturing countries in Asia Pacific is also supported the growth of custom t-shirt printing market in the region. North America and Europe is expected to witness significant growth with rising demand for digital printed t-shirts.
The custom t-shirt printing is highly fragmented with large number of local players in each regional market. Some major players in the global custom t-shirt printing market are CustomInk, LLC, Vista Group, Threadbird, Printful, Printaholic, InkGarden, CafePress, and International Screen Printing and Embroidery.
About Credence Research:
Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task.
For More Information, Visit: Credence Research
Media Contact
Company Name: Credence Research
Contact Person: Chris Smith,
Designation: Global Sales Manager
Phone: 1-800-361-8290 FREE
Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE,
CA 95103
E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com
U.S. 5TH FLEET AREA OF OPERATIONS (Feb. 9, 2017) Aviation Electronics Technician 3rd Class Krista Frederick, from Portland, calibrates a radar test set aboard the amphibious assault ship USS Makin Island (LHD 8). Makin Island is deployed in the U.S. 5th Fleet area of operations in support of maritime security operations designed to reassure allies and partners, and preserve the freedom of navigation and the free flow of commerce in the region. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Devin M. Langer)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.09.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:51 Photo ID: 3166309 VIRIN: 170209-N-LI768-004 Resolution: 4928x3280 Size: 1.85 MB Location: U.S. 5TH FLEET AREA OF OPERATIONS, U. Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 170209-N-LI768-004 [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP) — Bangladesh's government condemned an attack on New York City's subway system, as it emerged that the suspect is an immigrant from the South Asian nation.
“Bangladesh is committed to its declared policy of ‘Zero Tolerance' against terrorism, and condemns terrorism and violent extremism in all forms or manifestations anywhere in the world, including Monday morning's incident in New York City,” the government statement said in a statement.
Police in Bangladesh said Tuesday that they were not in a position to comment on the suspect, identified by U.S. authorities as Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant. Ullah is accused of strapping a crude pipe bomb to his body and detonating it during rush hour Monday in an attack in which only he was seriously wounded.
Ullah arrived in the United States in 2011 and the Department of Homeland Security said he's a lawful permanent resident of the U.S. who was living in Brooklyn. He came to the U.S. on a visa issued to him based on a family connection to a U.S. citizen.
Advertisement
Law enforcement officials familiar with the investigation said Ullah had looked at Islamic State group propaganda online and told investigators he was retaliating against U.S. military aggression, but had no direct contact with the group. The people spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Ullah's family in the U.S. said in a statement that it was heartbroken and deeply saddened by the suffering the attack has caused.
Bangladesh, a Muslim-majority country governed by largely secular laws, has struggled with a rise in radical Islam over the last few years.
In July last year, the country was shocked when five young men belonging to the domestic militant group Jumatul Mujahedeen Bangladesh, or JMB attacked a popular restaurant frequented by foreigners and wealthy Bangladeshis and left 20 hostages, including 17 foreigners, dead. During the attack the men sprayed bullets and threw grenades, and slaughtered the hostages.
But even before that smaller attacks had been taking place targeting secular academics, atheist bloggers and members of the country's tiny Hindu minority and foreigners.
The Islamic State group claimed responsibility for most of those attacks, including the one at the restaurant, but the government of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has denied that the Sunni extremist group has any presence in the impoverished country. The government has blamed the attacks on local radical groups.
Over the last year, the government has reinforced a crackdown to crush Islamist militants and killed dozens of suspects, including some accused of being the masterminds of the restaurant attack.
___
Associated Press writer Colleen Long in New York contributed to this report.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
NASA's Cassini probe has executed the first of five dives into the atmosphere of Saturn as it enters the final phase of its historic mission .
Before being deliberately crashed into the giant planet early next month, NASA is attempting to capture as much information about Saturn's atmosphere as possible.
This dive brought the craft down to 1,600km (1,000 miles) above Saturn's clouds, allowing the space agency to gather data on the chemical makeup of the atmosphere.
The team hopes that the next four dives will be even lower, providing Cassini can manage the buffeting effects of entering and exiting the atmosphere.
(Image: Rex Features)
"Thanks to our past experience, the team is confident that we understand how the spacecraft will behave at the atmospheric densities our models predict," explained Earl Maize, Cassini project manager at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL).
Experts currently believe Saturn's upper-atmosphere is about 75% hydrogen. The rest is made up of helium with trace amounts of other gases.
Cassini will send back the results from this first dive on Tuesday.
"As it makes these five dips into Saturn, followed by its final plunge, Cassini will become the first Saturn atmospheric probe," said Linda Spilker, a Cassini project scientist at JPL.
"It's long been a goal in planetary exploration to send a dedicated probe into the atmosphere of Saturn, and we're laying the groundwork for future exploration with this first foray."
(Image: NASA)
Cassini has been orbiting Saturn for over a decade and is set to make its final "death dive" into the planet on September 15. NASA is deliberately crashing Cassini into Saturn so it can capture data on its final plunge.
The space agency is also keen to avoid any potential contamination of Saturn's moons, Titan and Enceladus, as they could harbour life.
What's the story of Cassini?
Following the launch in 1997, Cassini spent seven years flying through the Solar System to get to Saturn. During this time it conducted two flybys of Earth, one of Venus and one of Jupiter.
The craft also released a small probe, Huygens, that landed on Saturn's moon Titan on January 14, 2005. It's the first time humans have landed a craft in the outer solar system.
(Image: NASA/Wikipedia)
Saturn's moons Enceladus and Titan are believed to be geologically active - and could even support life thanks to vast subsurface oceans. That's part of the reason that NASA wants to avoid crashing Cassini into either of them.
Since arriving at Saturn (it travels at 2,040m/s), the 6.8-metre high spacecraft has collected huge amounts of data and snapped many pictures of one of the most fascinating planets in the solar system.
What has Cassini discovered?
In 2013, Cassini captured high resolution images of Saturn lit up by the sun.
The images are the first to show Saturn's moons and rings, Earth, Venus and Mars all in one shot, with others showing just a few.
It was created by merging 141 shots to give a "natural-colour view" and it sweeps 404,880 miles across Saturn's system.
(Image: NASA)
One of the most interesting discoveries was made when Cassini confirmed that hydrogen gas exists on Saturn's moon Enceladus.
Plunging the craft down over Saturn's moon Enceladus , NASA was able to capture samples of water plumes erupting from the surface.
Analysis of the samples collected revealed that there was hydrogen gas present in the water that exists under the icy surface.
The presence of hydrogen in the moon's ocean means that microbes (if any exist there) could use it to obtain energy by combining the hydrogen with carbon dioxide dissolved in the water.
This chemical reaction, known as "methanogenesis" because it produces methane as a byproduct, is at the root of the tree of life on Earth, and could even have been critical to the origin of life on our planet.
(Image: NASA)
It's not conclusive proof of alien life - but the discovery is helping evolve our understanding of Enceladus.
"This is the closest we've come, so far, to identifying a place with some of the ingredients needed for a habitable environment," said Thomas Zurbuchen, associate administrator for NASA's Science Mission Directorate at Headquarters in Washington.
"These results demonstrate the interconnected nature of NASA's science missions that are getting us closer to answering whether we are indeed alone or not."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Retired boxing legend Floyd Mayweather will return to the UK on a three-date tour.
The former pound-for-pound No.1 will visit Leicester, Liverpool and London in March.
He will be interviewed by former cruiserweight world champion Johnny Nelson while fans will have a chance to meet the icon.
But the tour is much reduced from a similar event last year that saw him appear in more than half a dozen locations across the country.
Tickets are available from £40 for a standard seat the furthest away from the stage while £1000 will get fans a VIP photo meet and greet in a private room for 15 minutes.
The 'TMT Special Package' also includes a personalised glove and a two-course meal.
Mayweather retired from the sport in 2015 after his 49th successive victory, against Andre Berto.
He has repeatedly been linked with a return, possibly for a rematch against Manny Pacquiao.
New Delhi: India is celebrating its 71st Independence Day on August 15, 2017. When you look back at these past 70 years of the country as a young, independent nation from the sporting point of view, you find that there has been a lot of movement in the right direction.
While India have a long way to go before they can be classified as a sporting giant, there have been some beautiful moments to be proud of. Here is our pick of some of the finest.
Abinav Bindra's gold at 2008 Olympics: There is nothing that can top this, at least not in recent years. It remains till date India's only individual Olympic gold.
1983 Cricket World Cup win: Cricket has been India's only essential sport in the modern era and there is nothing that beats this victory in the nation's history in the gentleman's game.
Image: Twitter/ Shiva
1948 hockey Olympic gold: India won eight Olympic golds in the sport but this was its first as an independent nation. It was the fourth hockey gold for India at the Olympics overall.
Prakash Padukone winning All England Open in 1980: This man was the pioneer and he won in 1980 what was and is called the Wimbledon of badminton.
Image: Twitter/ The Lay Opinion
1962 Asian Games football gold: India's best moment in the world's most popular sport. The country never saw the same heights in the sport again.
Saturday, December 9
WRESTLING
Medford 1st at Amherst Scramble
1. Medford, 286.5
2. Wausau West, 208
3. Neillsville-Greenwood-Loyal, 184
4. Little Chute, 173.5
5. Berlin, 163
6. New London, 142.5
7. Amherst, 95
8. Wausau East, 68
9. Tri-County, 54
10. Three Lakes, 52
11. Oakfield, 43
12. Lourdes Academy and Appleton Xavier, 37
14. Thorp, 36
Medford's Jake Brunner (113 pounds), Dane Higgins (120), Walker Ewan (126), Andy Poetzl (145), Kolten Hanson (170) and Jake Rau (195) win weight class championships.
Next: Mosinee at Medford, Thursday at 6:30 p.m.
Cornell-Gilman-Lake Holcombe 12th at Barron Invitational
1. Clear Lake, 494
2. Barron, 391
3. Osceola, 374
4. Lakeland, 332
5. Menomonie Gold, 314
6. Ashland, 305.5
7. Unity, 254.5
8. Hayward and Luck Co-op, 237
10. Abbotsford-Colby and Flambeau, 208
12. Cornell-Gilman-Lake Holcombe, 175
13. Turtle Lake, 103
14. Bruce, 101
15. Menomonie Maroon, 94
Cornell-Gilman-Lake Holcombe's Zach Person wins 160-pound championship.
Next: Cameron at Cornell-Gilman-Lake Holcombe (C), Thursday at 7 p.m.
GYMNASTICS
Medford 7th at Rhinelander Snowflake Invitational
1. Ashland, 131.55
2. Marshfield, 127.025
3. Superior, 123.1
4. Antigo, 121.8
5. Rhinelander, 119.3
6. Negaunee, Mich., 117.75
7. Medford, 112.85
8. Lakeland, 107.325
9. Mosinee, 105.175
10. Chequamegon, 91.375
Next: Chequamegon at Medford, Tuesday at 5:45 p.m.
Friday, December 8
BOYS BASKETBALL
Rib Lake 70, Chequamegon 45
Next: Rib Lake at Tomahawk, Tuesday at 7:15 p.m.
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Gilman 63, Granton 19
Next: Gilman at Thorp, Tuesday at 7:15 p.m.
BOYS HOCKEY
Chequamegon 5, Medford 2
Next: Rhinelander at Medford, Tuesday at 5 p.m.
CURLING
Medford at Portage, Battle of the Brooms
Medford varsity boys win traveling broom with 7-6 win over Portage varsity
Medford varsity boys over Portage JV 15-3
Portage varsity girls over Medford varsity 14-6
Portage JV girls over Medford varsity 9-7
Portage JV boys over Medford JV 9-0
Portage varsity boys over Medford JV 7-2
Portage JV girls over Medford JV 11-3
Portage varsity girls over Medford JV 15-2
Next: Wausau West at Medford, Tuesday at 3:45 p.m.
INCREASING the national competition from as little as 20-minute halves to 80-minute games - and sometimes more - in the Super W has given the Wallaroos a genuine shot at New Zealand in a two-Test showdown in August.
That was the view of Wallaroos forward Grace Hamilton after it was announced Australia's womens team will take on the world champion Black Ferns in two double-header Test matches in Sydney and Auckland; prior to the Wallabies and All Blacks' games on August 18 and August 25.
The news is another positive step for womens rugby in Australia and comes after a successful first Super W season finished last week. NSW claimed the title over Queensland with thrilling golden-point win.
The intense battle capped a six-week season where Australia's women's XVs players not only displayed a high standard, but improved markedly every week with consistent training and games.
Prior to Super W, Hamilton said womens XVs players played club footy and in brief spurts of elite competition; some of which was cut in half.
"(In Super W) we are not just playing at club level, we are playing at state level and we are getting those 80-minute games," Hamilton said.
"Our national competition used to be over three days and we were playing 20-minute halves sometimes. So playing full 80-minute games is definitely important for us leading into Test matches and building that platform for the Wallaroos."
Hamilton enjoys the Waratahs' inaugural Super W win. Pic: Matt King/Getty Images
The Black Ferns are a dominant side in the mould of their male counterparts, and they beat Australia 44-17 last year before later winning the Women's World Cup.
But Australian players have been hardening minds and bodies since in the Super W, and the experience of knife-edge battle in a 97-minute Super W grand final is invaluable.
"We definitely benefit. I know I have personally," Hamilton said.
"Knowing what to do in those moments, you just have to pick yourself off the ground even though you are busted and keep going. Just keep building to do the best for your team and the people standing beside you."
Keeping the Super W momentum going is now the goal, however. Wallaroos coach Dwayne Nestor will name an extended train-on squad on Thursday, and players will train at their states along with playing club footy.
There are calls for the Super W competition to be extended to two rounds, instead of one round.
"I thought the length was fine," Hamilton said.
"We are going from last year where we played for three days, so for us six weeks of that kind of level of rugby is really important for us. And it's a building block, so it's only going to get bigger and better."
Oh my heck, the Trumpanistas have found a way to turn the obvious ongoing White House chaos to their advantage. Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, now tells us the campaign was in too much of a muddle to collude with the Russians (The Tribune, Aug. 2). Nothing like using your own incompetence as proof you aren't a traitor to the interests of your country. Incompetence isn't proof you didn't collude; it just explains how you got caught.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–E. Kentucky-N. Kentucky Box
N. KENTUCKY 91, E. KENTUCKY 63 E. KENTUCKY (4-6)
Mayo 4-10 1-2 9, Charles 3-7 1-2 7, Gist 4-10 2-4 12, Youngman 0-1 0-0 0, Boyd 3-9 0-0 7, Anderson 0-0 0-0 0, Dishman 0-0 0-0 0, Davis 6-9 1-3 13, Weaver 2-4 0-0 6, Avare 3-5 0-0 9, Carmical 0-0 0-0 0, Humphrey 0-0 0-0 0. Totals 25-55 5-11 63.
N. KENTUCKY (7-3)
Williams 9-10 3-4 21, Tate 3-6 0-0 6, Garnett 1-5 0-0 2, McDonald 10-13 3-4 23, Holland 3-11 2-2 10, Childress 0-0 0-0 0, Garrett 3-4 0-0 6, Vogt 0-0 0-0 0, Cobbs 0-0 0-0 0, Sharpe 2-2 0-0 6, Faulkner 3-6 0-0 7, Walton 5-8 0-1 10, Ayers 0-0 0-0 0. Totals 39-65 8-11 91.
Halftime_N. Kentucky 37-29. 3-Point Goals_E. Kentucky 8-19 (Avare 3-5, Gist 2-3, Weaver 2-4, Boyd 1-3, Youngman 0-1, Davis 0-1, Mayo 0-2), N. Kentucky 5-22 (Sharpe 2-2, Holland 2-6, Faulkner 1-4, Tate 0-1, McDonald 0-3, Garnett 0-3, Walton 0-3). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_E. Kentucky 22 (Charles 9), N. Kentucky 36 (McDonald 9). Assists_E. Kentucky 14 (Gist 5), N. Kentucky 22 (Faulkner 6). Total Fouls_E. Kentucky 13, N. Kentucky 13. A_3,622 (9,400).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Tbilisi: Wales secured a vital 1-0 victory in Georgia to keep their hopes of automatic World Cup qualification alive on Friday as Tom Lawrence sealed the points with his first goal for his country.
Lawrence lashed home right-footed from just outside the area in the 49th minute to earn Wales only their fourth victory in nine qualifying games and put them clear in second spot in Group D with 17 points, a point behind leaders Serbia.
Should third-placed Ireland suffer a shock home defeat by Moldova later on Friday Wales would be guaranteed at least runners-up spot in the group and a possible playoff place as they bid to reach the World Cup for the first time since 1958.
Serbia is in action at fourth-placed Austria where victory will see them finish as group winners and qualify for the finals.
Wales, who are without injured talisman Gareth Bale, face Ireland on Monday in what is shaping up to be a colossal match with a likely playoff spot up for grabs.
"I always knew this was going to be a tight group and always thought it would go the wire," Wales manager Chris Coleman said.
"All we can do is work hard and take care of our business. We have a huge test on Monday night against the Republic of Ireland. We have a game plan and we will see where it takes us."
Only the eight runners-up with the best records from the nine European groups will take part in the two-legged playoffs.
Wales were ninth-best going into the match in Tbilisi but victory lifted them to sixth in that complex table.
Without Bale, Wales produced a disciplined performance against a tricky Georgian side who drew 1-1 in Cardiff - one of five draws for Coleman's team.
Chances were few and far between but Derby County's Lawrence produced a quality finish to break the deadlock.
Turning into space 30 metres out he advanced before firing a powerful drive across Georgia keeper Giorgi Loria.
There were nerves at the end as Georgia pressed for an equaliser -- their best chance coming when a superb pass sliced open the Welsh defence to leave Otar Kakabadze in the clear but he elected to cross rather than shoot and wasted the chance.
Transparency Market Research has published a new report titled “Melamine Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2015 – 2023.” According to the report, the global melamine market was valued at US$1.72 bn in 2014 and is anticipated to reach US$2.49 bn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of 4.3% between 2015 and 2023.
Read Report Overview @
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/melamine-market.html
Melamine is a white crystalline powder with 99.8% purity and is commonly used in the production of melamine-formaldehyde (MF) resins. Melamine-based resins are moisture-resistant and hard. Melamine contains nearly 66% nitrogen by mass. Thus, it offers flame-retardant properties when mixed with resins. MF resins release nitrogen gas when burned or charred. Melamine is used in a broad range of applications such as laminates, adhesives, molding compounds, surface coatings, paper treatments, textile resins, and flame retardants. Rapid urbanization, increase in disposable income, and rise in standard of living are key factors contributing to robust growth of the building and construction industry. This serves as one of the key drivers for the melamine market. MF resins are widely employed in the manufacture of laminated wooden panels. These resins exhibit strong resistance to heat, stain, abrasion, and chemical reaction; thus, these are extensively employed in construction applications. Volatility in raw material prices and increasing consumer concern toward formaldehyde emission from melamine-based molding compounds are key inhibitors for the market. However, melamine foams are anticipated to offer growth opportunities as they exhibit high sound absorption capacity and possess an intrinsic property of flame retardancy. Thus, these foams can be used in buildings, suspended baffles, acoustic panels, and metal ceiling panels.
Laminates was the dominant segment of the global melamine market in 2014. A similar trend is expected to continue between 2015 and 2023. The segment accounted for more than 50% share of the global melamine market in 2014 and is anticipated to be the fastest-growing market during the forecast period. Adhesives & sealants and others are projected to play a crucial role in growth of the global melamine market from 2015 to 2023. Melamine-based adhesives are largely used in hotline fixing of car seats, panel laminations, headlamps, and other interior component assemblies in the automotive industry.
Request to view Sample Report:
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1389
The global melamine market is fragmented. The top seven players in the global melamine market accounted for more than 35% share in 2014. Key players operating in the market include OCI N.V., Borealis AG, BASF SE, Grupa Azoty Zaklady Azotowe Pulawy S.A. (ZAP), Methanol Holdings (Trinidad) Limited (MHTL), Qatar Melamine Company (QMC), Cornerstone Chemical Company, and Xinji Jiuyuan Chemical Co., Ltd.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you're wondering where you can get those all important seasonal fashion staples, look no further than Sainsbury's new premium clothing collection.
The capsule collection features new season trend pieces like statement jackets, co-ord top and skirt separates and the key items of the season: the blazer.
The red and navy palette is flattering for most skin tones, and will easily work with other items in your wardrobe, helping you survive the transitional period between now and summer.
Even better than how the collection looks? The price. The supermarket giant has launched its latest clothing sale in-store and online .
(Photo: Sainsbury's)
Shoppers can score discounts of up to 25% off across all fashion departments , including kidswear , until February 20, 2017.
All sale discounts will get automatically deducted at checkout and you can use your Nectar card to collect reward points.
Right now we're coveting the statement red Mac coat , £33.75 (was £45), a great piece to add as the weather transitions from winter to spring.
As blazers and stripes are in for SS17, this premium blazer ticks two trend boxes at once, and for £24 (was £32), you can't argue with the price either.
(Photo: Sainsbury's)
(Photo: Sainsbury's)
But the star of the show is this gorgeous navy leather biker style jacket , £71.25 (was £95), which will work well now layered over knits, but will also look great teamed with summer dresses or denim when the weather warms up too.
Beijing: Welcoming India and Pakistan into the SCO, China on Thursday dismissed apprehensions that their differences could disrupt the unity of the grouping saying its charter strictly prohibits members to bring their bilateral hostility into the organisation.
"As a founding member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO), we are very happy about the membership of India and Pakistan," China's Assistant Foreign Minister Kong Xuanyou said at a ceremony at the SCO headquarters here to formally admit the two nations as new members of the grouping.
China, a dominant member of the now eight-member group, hosts the headquarters of the organisation.
The SCO headquarters held a ceremony today to hoist the flags of India and Pakistan.
Indian Ambassador to China Vijay Gokhale and his Pakistan counterpart Masood Khalid attended the ceremony which included jointly beating a huge SCO cooperation drum heralding the admission of their respective countries into the grouping.
India and Pakistan were formally admitted as members at Kazakhstan capital Astana at the SCO summit held on June 8-9.
China, Russia and Central Asian states of Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan besides India and Pakistan are the members of the grouping. Afghanistan, Belarus, Iran and Mongolia are the observers.
China takes over the rotating Presidency of the group this year from Kazakhstan.
Kong, who attended the ceremony, in a brief chat with reporters allayed apprehensions aired by the state-run Chinese media that entry of India and Pakistan could disrupt the unity of SCO.
"In the charter of the SCO there is a clause that the hostility between the bilateral relations should not be brought to the organisation. I believe both the countries will abide by the charter of the organisation," he said.
"SCO has its own rules of procedures. We hope that those rules can be abided by all member states," he said, adding that India-Pakistan differences should not be exaggerated.
"Between our member states our interests far outweigh our differences. So, we should not exaggerate the differences between the countries as it is not good for the organisation and cooperation between member states. After becoming members, we all become members of the big family," he said.
China believes the entry of India and Pakistan "will guarantee very good cooperation in the organisation," he said.
"Both countries are important in the region and China, Pakistan and India are in similar stage of development. We face similar challenges. Therefore, we hope that through this organisation we can work together to overcome these challenges," he said.
Also, he said, China has certain expectations of India?s role in the SCO. "We have expectation for the role of India in this organisation. We hope that the Indian side will give attention to its membership in this organisation and pay attention to it."
In his interaction with media, Gokhale also said SCO is important for India as it consist of China, Russia and Central Asian states.
Asked about how SCO can help India and Pakistan to resolve their differences, he said both the countries have bilateral channels.
"We are having the number of bilateral channels. I see this as another opportunity and a platform. It helps because it enhances number of points of contacts. I think it is a good day for both the countries," he said.
For his part, Khalid said "it is important that India and Pakistan have joined the region."
"We are part of the region. As far as Pakistan is concerned we will make all possible efforts to promote peace and stability in the region and work together as active partners within the SCO to pursue common objectives of development, peace and security. I think historic day that way," he told PTI.
About the utility of SCO to address contentious issues between India and Pakistan, the Pakistan's envoy said, "I hope so. It provides a multilateral platform where both of our countries will be there. They will be represented. There will be opportunities for interaction."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rio Ferdinand is yet to make his professional boxing debut - but he has not been short of offers.
The former Manchester United and England captain is currently preparing for his first fight.
And on Saturday night he was called out by YouTube sensation KSI after his white-collar victory over fellow internet star Joe Weller.
KSI - real name Olajide William Olatunji - said: "I've got this belt now, if any YouTuber want it they can come and get it.
(Image: KSI/YouTube)
(Image: Instagram/rioferdy5)
"Jake Paul, Logan Paul; any of the Pauls, I don't care.
"Where's Rio? Where's Rio Ferdinand? I know he's doing his Betfair thing.. if you want some bro, I'm ready."
The fight was immediately priced up by bookmaker Sky Bet with Ferdinand the early 8/15 favourite and KSI offered at 13/8.
And if the fans' reaction is anything to go by, the fight would be a hit...
GALLIPOLIS, Ohio — One quarter can make all the difference.
A 13-8 first period run provided Ohio Valley Christian with the chance to set the tone on Friday night, but 12 turnovers by the Blue and Yellow in the second period helped lead the Calvary Baptist Academy girls basketball team to a 36-28 victory in the Gallia County.
The Lady Defenders (1-13) made only one field goal in the second quarter, as the Lady Patriots (11-12) utilized a 9-2 run to carry a 17-15 advantage into intermission.
Over the span of the first two periods, OVCS made 7-of-17 shots from the field for 41 percent, including a 0-of-2 performance from three-point range. CBA converted 6-of-22 shots for 27 percent, including o-of-1 from beyond the arc.
Both teams pulled down 10 rebounds apiece, while the Lady Defenders committed 15 turnovers to eight by the Lady Patriots.
Calvary Baptist used an 8-5 run in the third quarter to extend its lead to 25-20 as play entered the finale.
The five-point deficit was as close as the Lady Defenders would come over the remaining eight minutes of play as the Lady Patriots outscored their hosts 11-8 to close out a 12-point win.
OVCS finished the night having shot 11-of-41 from the field for 27 percent, including 2-of-19 from three-point range for 11 percent. The Lady Defenders collected 30 rebounds and committed 28 turnovers.
Emily Childers led the way with 14 points, including two trifectas. Kristen Durst was next with six markers.
Cori Hutchison chipped in five markers and Lauren Regan rounded out the scoring with three points.
CBA made 14-of-58 field goals for 24 percent, including 1-of-10 from beyond the arc for 10 percent. The Lady Patriots pulled down 31 rebounds and committed 17 turnovers.
Hannah Bailey finished with a game-high 20 points, including one three-pointer. Hannah Holstein was next with seven markers.
Makenna Smith followed with three markers, while Sydnie Neely, Madison Neely and Ashlynn Bowles concluded the scoring for the Lady Patriots with two points apiece.
The Lady Defenders return to action on Monday when they travel to face Covenant Christian.
Ohio Valley Christian junior Makala Sizemore (24) looks to pass against two Lady Patriots defenders during the first half of the Lady Defenders 36-28 loss to Calvary Baptist Academy on Friday in Gallipolis. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.03-OVC-Sizemore.jpg Ohio Valley Christian junior Makala Sizemore (24) looks to pass against two Lady Patriots defenders during the first half of the Lady Defenders 36-28 loss to Calvary Baptist Academy on Friday in Gallipolis. Scott Jones|OVP Sports Ohio Valley Christian junior Kristen Durst (23) looks to pass against during the first half of the Lady Defenders 36-28 loss to Calvary Baptist Academy on Friday in Gallipolis. (Scott Jones|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.03-OVC-Durst.jpg Ohio Valley Christian junior Kristen Durst (23) looks to pass against during the first half of the Lady Defenders 36-28 loss to Calvary Baptist Academy on Friday in Gallipolis. (Scott Jones|OVP Sports) Scott Jones|OVP Sports Ohio Valley Christian freshman Lauren Ragan (5) dribbles the ball against a Lady Patriots defender during the first half of the Lady Defenders 36-28 loss to Calvary Baptist Academy on Friday in Gallipolis. (Scott Jones|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.03-OVC-Ragan.jpg Ohio Valley Christian freshman Lauren Ragan (5) dribbles the ball against a Lady Patriots defender during the first half of the Lady Defenders 36-28 loss to Calvary Baptist Academy on Friday in Gallipolis. (Scott Jones|OVP Sports) Scott Jones|OVP Sports
By Scott Jones sjones@aimmediamidwest.com
Scott Jones can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext 2106.
Scott Jones can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext 2106.
The Berkeley City Council went on record Tuesday solemnly urging the governor to declare homelessness a statewide emergency while noting its own “comprehensive” efforts to grapple with the housing shortage. At the same time, the council formally objected to legislation that might allow new apartments to encroach on the ocean of asphalt surrounding the North Berkeley BART Station.
The pair of resolutions neatly captured the hypocrisy behind California's housing crisis, with officials loudly deploring the inadequate supply of homes while digging in against any substantive expansion thereof. Facing a not-in-my-backyard outcry from homeowners enjoying sky-high, scarcity-inflated property values, even a city as purportedly progressive as Berkeley won't willingly sacrifice parking lots to environmentally sound, transit-friendly development.
“There's incredible irony in the fact that cities opposing the bill ... are at the same time decrying the housing and congestion crisis,” said Assemblyman David Chiu, D-San Francisco, an author of the legislation. “It's classic NIMBY-ism.”
Chiu's bill with Assemblyman Tim Grayson, D-Concord, expected to reach the Assembly floor this week, would encourage affordable and market-rate housing development on vacant BART property and limit cities' power to obstruct it. While BART aims to host 20,000 units by 2040, progress has been halting not only in Berkeley but across the system. Less than a tenth of the hoped-for units have been completed under the agency's transit-oriented development program.
Judging by some cities' reactions to the Chiu-Grayson bill, AB2923, that's no accident. Berkeley's council narrowly voted to join Hayward, Concord, Lafayette and the League of California Cities in opposing the legislation. Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguín, who is among the bill's detractors, insisted that he “strongly” supports housing at the North Berkeley station but wants to retain “control over shaping our future.”
The bill's impact on that vaunted local control, however, is incremental, especially compared with the likes of state Sen. Scott Wiener's SB827, a sweeping bid to promote dense, transit-accessible housing that was killed in committee last month. AB2923 would affect a total of a few hundred acres occupied mostly by surface parking lots, Chiu said, and it wouldn't prevent any development, including parking: “When you look at the overall land-use authority of these cities, it's a drop in the ocean.”
Given local officials' opposition to such a moderate measure, their supposed support for housing sounds as empty as a jealously guarded parking lot.
This commentary is from The Chronicle's editorial board. We invite you to express your views in a letter to the editor. Please submit your letter via our online form: SFChronicle.com/letters.
The McGowan Government will commit $500,000 to develop a proposal for a virtual power plant trial in the Goldfields, Regional Development Minister Alannah MacTiernan has revealed.
Speaking in Kalgoorlie-Boulder this morning, Ms MacTiernan announced the pledge in an attempt to improve the Goldfields' future renewable energy development.
A virtual power plant is a distributed rooftop solar and battery system.
It collects energy, which can be dispatched in a similar way to a centralised power station.
The proposal will consider the installation of a VPP on Kalgoorlie-Boulder properties to provide more energy to the region as well as improving electrical reliability.
“We now have a comprehensive analysis of the complexities of a large-scale solar project in the region, and mapped out some innovative and interesting ways forward,” Ms MacTiernan said.
“Kalgoorlie-Boulder and the wider region is a big economic contributor to the State.
“Future renewable energy solutions will be a priority to securing regional growth and servicing the needs of this growing regional population.”
Making land available for renewable project development is also being planned to coincide with the implementation of network regulation changes in 2022.
More in tomorrow's Kalgoorlie Miner.
Plastic packaging takes up a large volume of the high density polyethylene produced. Roughly 30% of the global packaging industry materials used is high density polyethylene (HDPE), as it is a core plastic in rigid packaging. Bags, films, containers, caps and closures, and bottles are the most common packaging products that use high density polyethylene. There is currently a very high demand for these types of packaging across the world, owing to a greater consumption of food and beverages and consumer goods. The growing importance of aesthetics is also a key factor that adds to the primary demand for HDPE.
The growing demand for pipes and films in the agriculture industry is another avenue where large quantities of high density polyethylene is used. This industry is one of the larger end users of high density polyethylene and therefore, any growth in it will create a direct increase in the demand for HDPE. High density polyethylene is used in manufacturing UV protective sheets and tarpaulins that offer high quality weather protection.
Request Sample @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=5948
However, a key concern that all producers of high density polyethylene have to face is the fluctuating cost of raw materials. HDPE makes use of a large amount of ethylene, a material formed in the oil and gas industry. The market for ethylene has recently undergone major fluctuations in price and the overall scarcity of petroleum based byproducts.
The overall result is a CAGR of 4.5% for the revenue generation in the global market for high density polyethylene from 2015 to 2023. This revenue is expected to reach US$62.48 bn by the end of 2016 and US$84.79 bn by 2023.
Request Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=5948
Asia Pacific Demand for High Density Polyethylene Strengthens
Asia Pacific has led the global consumption of high density polyethylene for quite some time now, owing to a large agrarian population and a significant rise in consumer goods sales. By the end of 2023, Asia Pacific is expected to take up 46.9% of the high density polyethylene market's global volume.
The region-based consumption of high density polyethylene is expected to be led by Asia Pacific till 2023, followed by Europe and North America. Europe and North America are relatively more mature than Asia Pacific in terms of high density polyethylene consumption, but are still showing a decent increase in consumption of the plastic owing to booming sales of consumer goods in rigid packaging. Additionally, high density polyethylene is approved by organizations such as the U.S. FDA, making users prefer it over other polymers.
Request for Customization @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=5948
The top producers of high density polyethylene from a global standpoint include Chevron Phillips Chemical Company, LyondellBasell Industries, INEOS Olefins and Polymers, SABIC, and ExxonMobil.
© Tolga Akmen / Reuters
Six months after one of Britain's worst post-war disasters in which dozens died and hundreds lost their homes, the Times newspaper has attacked activists seeking justice for victims, and chucked in another swipe at RT for good measure. Because why not?The Times story gets off to a strong start in its RT story with the line "A Kremlin-controlled TV station seized on the Grenfell Tower fire to try to foment 'class war' in Britain." It's a scary accusation, albeit an inaccurate one. RT only aims to foment class war in the early spring. A quick glance around the office shows you're more likely to find staff fermenting grapes than fomenting class war.But RT has become so helpful for The Times in filling its pages it should be sending over a cheque for advertising revenue. Make it out to a Mr V. V. Putin.When a story goes in this strong, it's hardly surprising that reality and facts cower in the burning glow of feigned indignation. The use of the word 'seized' is interesting. You could replace it with, for example 'reported on.' Hard to say what RT UK as a news organization was supposed to report in the wake of such a massive story. Perhaps The Times' newsdesk can check RT's stories before they go out, to make sure none of Rupert Murdoch's minions are offended.The paper usefully quotes "class war," but it's not really obvious where that quote is from. Top investigative reporter Dominic Kennedy wasn't in the mood to make that clear. The word 'foment' is not part of a quote - that is The Times' own little addition. So essentially it appears RT is accused of putting the words 'class' and 'war' together... and saying them out loud!!!The article goes on: "An RT reporter said: '£10 million was spent on cosmetic changes to the outside of the building to make it look better for rich residents who live near by.' In fact the £10 million figure was the cost of the entire refurbishment between 2014 and 2016, not just the cladding."If this did happen, and it probably did because we have to trust that The Times has studied the hell out of the coverage in order to squeeze out any accusation it can, could it be that the RT reporter made a mistake? Or is it really more likely Vladimir Putin is micro-managing RT UK's coverage of the Grenfell Tower disaster from a comfortable chair in the Kremlin? When it comes to reports accusing RT or Russia, there are no mistakes. There is no human error. There are no humans. There is only 'fomenting.'You'll notice the story is more concerned with a misquoted figure rather than the more serious suggestion that people perished because of cladding added to improve the view for the wealthy.Then the article gets really personal. "Afshin Rattansi, one of the channel's presenters, asked if 'state-backed neglect, corruption and cuts to services had led to social cleansing at Grenfell.'"Someone asked a question. A question! The same question more or less everyone in Britain across the media was asking in the aftermath of the Grenfell disaster. Including some commentators in publications as well-respected as... oh... the Times "Activist groups," "a volunteer network for victims," "a woman who accused the local council of having blood on its hands," are all attacked by The Times alongside RT, every one of them assigned their own little conspiracy theory, while being accused of being conspiracy theorists.These are groups working for the good of people caught up in a humanitarian disaster, but of course they don't deserve your trust like The Times deserves it. Because this is the newspaper of the establishment don't you know!Towards the end of the report is this scathing revelation."The channel's [RT] reporting is influential in the Grenfell Tower neighbourhood, Lucy Knight, a volunteer in the area, told the Times. 'People get their news from all kinds of places such as Al Jazeera and RT,' she said.In another expose running alongside the attack on RT, Kennedy reports on accusations that an activist fighting for Grenfell has been accused of anti-Semitism. Well in the interests of transparency, Kennedy was once forced to apologize for a tweet which said the following."So many of the VIPS accused of being pedophiles are Jewish or gay. Maybe we could have a system to identify these people: triangles, stars .."
New Delhi: Real Madrid pulled off a stunner at Camp Nou clubbed with Cristiano Ronaldo's controversial sending off as Los Blancos thumped down Barcelona, 3-1 in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup, on Sunday. ( Match Report )
The first half remained relatively quiet with both sides decimating other's attack. It was only in the second half that things started to look more entertaining and it was Barcelona who found the net first. Well, unfortunately, it was their own net.
Just five minutes into the second half, Marcelo breezed through the left wing and curled in a cross into the penalty box. Gerard Pique looking to put it away, deflected the cross past helpless Ter Stegen for an own goal.
The hosts did pull one back when Keylor Navas brought down a charging in Luiz Suarez inside the area and Lionel Messi captivating on the opportunity tucked the ball down to the bottom-left corner. But things didn't end their. At almost an hour mark, Cristiano Ronaldo was introduced by Zinedine Zidane and only as one would have expected... he scored, and not just scored he pulled off a stunner and then left the field with a red card.
10 minutes more to go, Ramos captured the ball from their defence line, lobbed it to Ronaldo who headed a pass to Isco. Dribbling it through, he pushed in an early pass to Ronaldo, inches near the box. And the rest was done by the World Player of the Year. He curled in a dream way past a diving Stegen and all in a blink of an eye, Barça were lagging 2-1 behind at their own ground.
Ronaldo was booked for taking off his shirt to celebrate his goal and minutes later he was sent off in a rather controversial grounds when alleged of a dive within the box for a penalty. In the end, it was Asensio who sealed the things for Real Madrid as a shot a bullet into the extreme top corner thus adding on to Barça's woes. Probably the match proved what Neymar was to the Catalans!
Watch the entire video here...
The second leg will be played at Santiago Bernabeu on August 16.
Google's high-end version of its Home smart speaker with Assistant built-in, the Google Home Max, is now available to buy in the US.
It's the company's big rival to Apple HomePod and looks a bitt like the Sonos Play:3, and similarly focuses heavily on stereo audio quality. It sports dual 4.5-inch woofers and dual 0.7-inch custom tweeters, and is claimed to be more than 20 times more powerful than the existing Google Home.
It's quite a bit bigger than the current Google Home too, although it can be laid horizontally or stood on one end.
The Home Max supports a range of music file formats, including AAC, AAC+, MP3, FLAC and WAV, has both Wi-Fi and Bluetooth for wireless streaming from the majority of sources.
The Google Home Max will work in a multiroom setup with other Home products, plus other speakers with Cast support. It also has Bluetooth connectivity on board.
When Google first announced the speaker back in October, it wasn't actually available to buy, unlike the Pixel 2 smartphones and Google Home Mini, that could be pre-ordered. Now though that's all changed. You can buy one directly from Google's online store, or rather join a waiting list to be able to buy one, presumably because of high demand.
It is priced at $399 and can be had in either charcoal or chalk colour finishes. There is still no word on UK availability.
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of hers describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," she says.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; she notes that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, she says. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" she says.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," she says. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
Air Force Radio News 11 December 2017 A
Today's stories: Many Airmen have the choice to opt into the new Blended Retirement System, and the 327th Airlift Squadron at Little Rock AFB, Arkansas reached full operational capability for the C-130J.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores1 <
Sunday's College Basketball Scores
By The Associated Press
EAST
Elizabethtown 66, Washington (Md.) 54<
Fairfield 76, LIU Brooklyn 72<
Maine 104, Maine-Machias 51<
Mount St. Mary (NY) 81, Old Westbury 63<
Navy 73, Columbia 68<
Robert Morris 74, Drexel 60<
St. Francis (Pa.) 93, Niagara 87, OT<
Villanova 77, La Salle 68<
Wagner 75, Mercy 41<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
In doing my usual scan of the morning's news I thought I had spotted easily the dumbest headline of the day in the Washington Post:
Talk about first world problems!
But I underestimated the possibilities, because, to paraphrase Han Gruber in that greatest of all Christmas movies (Die Hard), ladies and gentlemen, I give you Hillary. Rodham. Clinton:
Former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is providing an explanation for controversial comments she made earlier this month about voters who supported President Trump during the 2016 election. “I understand how some of what I said upset people and can be misinterpreted,” Clinton wrote in a lengthy Facebook post late Saturday explaining her remarks. “I meant no disrespect to any individual or group. And I want to look to the future as much as anybody.”
About that Facebook post from Herself, you can click through to it if you want to punish yourself. (Though some of the comments make for amusing reading, especially the ones that gush on about Herself's “eloquence.”) It goes on for nine tedious paragraphs where she essentially doubles down on . . . disrespecting white women, backwards-looking heartlanders, etc. The woman is so politically tone-deaf that even Harold Hill wouldn't take her into his “think” system.
My work is done here for the day. Except to repeat again my advice to Democrats: PLEASE nominate this woman again in 2020, and make Lizzie Warren her running mate. Both are the gifts that keep on giving.
P.S. Yes, you're right. I am underestimating the potential of this Washington Post headline over the weekend:
Yeah, DC is really ready for statehood. As the kids say, I can't even.
RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll
RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver
0:16
Brown news release...
PROVIDENCE, R.I. – Brown University women's basketball has earned a berth into the Women's Basketball Invitational and will play at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County on Thursday night at 7:00 p.m., the WBI announced on Monday night.
The Bears (16-12, 7-7 Ivy) will play at RAC Arena in Baltimore, Md., on the campus of the Retrievers (15-15, 10-6 America East) in the first round. The winner will play the victor of host Charleston Southern (18-13, 11-7 Big South) and UNC Greensboro (17-14, 7-7 Southern Conference) in the quarterfinal round on either Saturday or Sunday.
Brown will make its second-ever appearance in a national postseason tournament. The Bears qualified for the NCAA Championship in 1994 as the Ivy League's champion.
Now in its eighth season, the WBI features a 16-team, single-elimination bracket with first round games beginning on Wednesday, March 15 and running through the tournament's championship game, played no later than March 26. All games occur on campus sites.
Penn stands as the only other Ivy League institution to have appeared in the WBI. The Quakers earned a berth in the tournament in 2013 and went on to win the Ivy League title in 2014.
In 2016-17, Brown qualified for the inaugural Ivy League Tournament after winning its final two games of the regular season at Columbia and at Cornell to finish the year with a 7-7 Ivy League mark. The No. 4 seeded Bears fell to No. 1 seeded Penn, 71-60, in the semifinals of the tournament on Saturday at The Palestra.
Sophomores Erika Steeves (Montreal, Quebec) and Shayna Mehta (San Francisco, Calif.) both earned spots on the All-Tournament Team while Mehta and freshman guard Justine Gaziano (Natick, Mass.) both gained Second Team All-Ivy accolades during the regular season.
Brown – the Ivy League's top-scoring offense – set a program record for points in a single season during its fourth-ever postseason game, improving its season total to 2,004 points. The Bears' 1993-94 team held the previous record with 1,971 points.
Authorities have constituted a joint investigation team (JIT) to investigate Monday's suicide blast which killed more than a dozen in Lahore.
According to our correspondent, the investigation team is comprised of officials from the CID, ISI, IB and police.
The team will review statements of the injured and eyewitnesses and examine CCTV footages.
The blast apparently targeted police managing a busy protest at rush hour on Mall Road, one of Lahore's main arteries. At least 13 people were killed, including six police officers, while more than 80 were injured.
A Taliban faction Jamaat-ul-Ahrar which has vowed to attack government installations around the country had claimed responsibility for the assault.
The attack underscored the challenges faced by Pakistan in its push to stamp out militancy, even though security dramatically improved in 2015 and 2016.
Both the UK and the US branded the attack “cowardly” in separate statements, while the EU said it was “shocked and saddened” by the incident.
Lahore, the country's cultural capital, suffered one of Pakistan's deadliest attacks in 2016 — a Jamaat-ul-Ahrar suicide bomb in a park last Easter that killed more than 70 including many children.
But such incidents have been rare in the city in recent years.
Cricket fans had been quick to voice fears that Monday's explosion could derail plans to hold the highly anticipated final of the Pakistan Super League in Lahore.
Pakistan's international tournaments have been held abroad for years out of security fears, and the second year of the popular Twenty20 tournament is ongoing in the United Arab Emirates.
Officials had already reassured international players they would receive “head of state” level protection in Lahore, with thousands of police deployed and bullet-proof buses.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government has launched an online portal dedicated to the gallantry award winners since Indian Independence in 1947. The portal, gallantryawards.gov.in., will narrate the heroic stories of the soldiers.
The website will give details of the Chakra Series awardees such as Param Vir Chakra, Maha Vir Chakra, Vir Chakra, Ashok Chakra, Kirti Chakra and Shaurya Chakra. It will also contain information such as name, unit, year, citations and photographs of awardees till date. The Ministry of Defence would welcome any feedback or suggestion for further improvement.
“The Government is launching a web portal gallantryawards.gov.in which will consist of information on all our brave soldiers, said PM Modi in his Independence Day 2017 speech, further adding, “The youth should know the about the heroic stories of our soldiers.”
“We can change the nation with our vision of New India – a country full of opportunities, a progressive nation with scientific and educational achievements... The country needs to be of poverty,” said the Prime Minister.
He also referred to the Kashmir issue, GST implementation, triple talaq, Gorakhpur infant tragedy among several others.
Veterans from all over the United States gathered in front of the New Orleans VA hospital Sunday morning for a march to raise awareness for the epidemic of veteran suicides currently gripping the nation.It is no secret that the leading cause of death among active duty troops deployed to the Middle East is not combat or accidents, or IEDs - it's themselves. The Pentagon's own statistics show that this is a crisis but it is being ignored.Not only are active duty soldiers tragically ending their own lives at an increasing rate, but once they finish their service, these numbers skyrocket. While the suicide rate for active duty members is certainly shocking, veterans kill themselves at a rate nearly 200 percent more.One of these attempted suicides was Air Force veteran John Michael Watts, 58, who approached the Georgia Capitol in downtown Atlanta around 10:45 a.m. on Tuesday and within minutes, he was engulfed in flames that burned 90 percent of his body.Watts set himself on fire in an attempted suicide to raise awareness to the problems within the VA."These findings are deeply concerning, which is why I made suicide prevention my top clinical priority," said VA Secretary Dr. David J. Shulkin last year. "I am committed to reducing Veteran suicides through support and education. We know that of the 20 suicides a day that we reported last year, 14 are not under VA care. This is a national public health issue that requires a concerted, national approach."Indeed, this problem is concerning, but the VA is not posing any real solutions, which is why this group of veterans came together on Sunday, put on skull masks to humanize the dead, and marched to the 2018 Libertarian Convention.The "March of the Dead" was an event organized by activist and veteran of the USMC, Adam Kokesh."I've had a few friends and a number of vets I've known commit suicide. I've dealt with PTSD myself and turned down a big bag of pharmaceuticals from the VA," Kokesh told News2Share as the reason for organizing the march. "But for me, the motivation is all the guys I see struggling who I know would be better off with freedom to seek treatment without the drug war in the way. Twenty veterans will commit suicide today. How many wouldn't with proper treatment?"The march began at the VA hospital where, ironically, police quickly blocked all the veterans from being on the property. The veterans then formed up and marched to the libertarian convention-not as a protest-but to show support for the only party willing to apply solutions that will address this problem.Upon reaching the convention, the group of veterans, of which TFTP's Matt Agorist was a part of, presented a folded flag to the chairman of the Libertarian National Committee, Nicholas Sarwark. The flag was signed by all the veterans who participated in the protest"As many of you in this room know, but not a lot of people in the country know," Sarwark said. "The Libertarian party is the only party committed to the solutions that will get to the root causes of the veteran suicide in this country: namely increased opioid addiction, not sending our men and women off to fight in other countries' civil wars, and generally promoting a policy of peace."Because Agorist participated in the March as a veteran, TFTP's footage of the march is limited, however, Ford Fischer with News2Share made the powerful video below summing up the march.War is the plight of mankind. It is perpetually waged by cowards too afraid to send themselves or their own children into harm's way, but who do not hesitate to send the poor or 'patriotic.'When the state is done with its pawns of empire, it disposes of them like spent military gear. They then become unable to get the proper care they need for illness and injury related to their service. If they try to self-medicate to cope with the subsequent PTSD from being forced to brutally occupy a foreign country, these veterans have their children taken, face life in prison, or worse.The Department of Housing and Urban Development estimates that nearly 50,000 veterans are homeless on any given night. Another 140,000 are currently in jail, many of them for victimless crimes like drug possession for trying to treat their illness without pharmaceuticals.As if the numbers aren't bad enough, veterans are often the target of unjust attention from law enforcement. On multiple occasions, the Department of Homeland Security has referred to veterans as potential terrorists and noted that they pose a threat to national security.The Free Thought Project has reported on case after case of veterans returning home only to be beaten and locked up for speaking out , or killed by police during a PTSD-triggered episode. Lip service of 'supporting the troops' is proving to be the worst possible thing for them.If you really want to "support the troops" you'll stop supporting wars of aggression in distant lands in which Americans are forced to kill people who pose no threat to the US.If you really "support the troops" you'll stop blindly standing up for your government whose proven track record shows that they dosupport the troops.It's time for Congress to act on behalf of all veterans and Americans to legalize marijuana across the nation, end foreign wars of aggression, and reboot the VA. Too many people are in jail and are being charged with felonies for a plant-one that has demonstrated the power to treat the pain and depression of war, addictions to the opioids dished out by the VA, and most importantly-to prevent suicide.
State police are looking for the man in this image taken from a security camera. Police believe he was one of the men involved in the robbery of Ted's Liquors in Wilmington last month. (Photo: DSP)
State police have released surveillance footage which they say shows a suspect in a June 26-armed robbery.
Police said two men entered Ted's Liquors at 1202 Newport Gap Pike in Wilmington around 12:30 a.m. and one leaped over the counter and pushed a clerk down. The second suspect displayed a handgun and demanded money, police said.
One of them grabbed money and another struck the clerk, police said. Both of them then fled toward Meadowbrook Avenue, police said.
Police said the security footage captured one of the suspects as he walked in front of the business just prior to the robbery.
Anyone with information can contact state police at (302) 365-8436.
Contact Adam Duvernay at (302) 319-1855 or aduvernay@delawareonline.com
DELAWARE CRIME
Rehoboth Beach woman assaults boyfriend, kicks officer: Police
Woman made up carjacking story, police say
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/07/04/state-police-release-footage-armed-robbery-suspect/757756002/
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May unveiled a statue of feminist trailblazer Millicent Fawcett saying that she would not be prime minister without the work of the suffragist heroine.
The 8ft 4in bronze of Fawcett is the only female statue in Parliament Square, standing alongside 11 historical male figures including Nelson Mandela and Mahatma Gandhi.
It is also the first statue in the iconic square designed by a woman, Turner Prize-winning artist Gillian Wearing OBE.
Theresa May, speaking at the unveiling, said: "I would not be here today as Prime Minister, no female MPs would have taken their seats in Parliament, none of us would have had the rights and protections we now enjoy, were it not for one truly great woman, Dame Millicent Garrett Fawcett.
(Image: REUTERS)
"For generations to come, this statue will serve not just as a reminder of Dame Millicent's extraordinary life and legacy, but as inspiration to all of us who wish to follow in her footsteps," she added.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said the statue was a great step forward but said "a lot more can be done," he said.
"There are a number of women who deserve statues. Sylvia Pankhurst for example, and those women that suffered in Holloway Prison, in my constituency.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
"We have named a library in honour of them - called the Cat And Mouse Library, after the Cat and Mouse laws."
The statue also marks the centenary of the Representation of the People Act, which gave some women voting rights for the first time.
The statue shows a 50-year-old Fawcett holding a banner which says: "Courage calls to courage everywhere."
The line is taken from a speech made by Fawcett after the death of suffragette Emily Wilding Davison, who was killed after throwing herself under King George V's horse at the 1913 Epsom Derby.
(Image: AFP)
The statue was unveiled by her great-great niece, schoolgirls from Millbank Academy and other figures in the campaign.
Caroline Criado Perez, the Brazilian-born activist and writer, started the campaign for a statue of a woman in Parliament Square in 2016.
The idea came as she was running through Westminster on International Women's Day and spotted statues of Winston Churchill and David Lloyd George, but could not see any women.
To her dismay, she realised that all 11 figures dotted around the square were men.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
She said: "Women are still woefully underrepresented, but we are making one hell of a start in changing that."
The movement went on to gain the support of the Mayor of London and the Prime Minister, and the bronze figure was commissioned, and then produced by Turner Prize winner Gillian Wearing.
The statue also marks the centenary of the Representation of the People Act, which gave some women voting rights for the first time.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan , who attended the ceremony, said: "Today is an historic day. The decision to commission this statue was a no-brainer. It is vital that we fix the imbalance and make sure more women are represented in our public spaces."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Former Cabinet minister Yvette Cooper posted a video of the unveiling on Twitter and quoted Millicent Fawcett's most famous speech, writing: "Courage calls to courage everywhere".
Captioning the video, she added: "The unveiling of the first statue of a woman in Parliament Square - first statue by a woman in Parliament Square. A beautiful statue. An incredible woman. For all women. For everyone."
(Image: PA)
Caroline Lucas, co-leader of the Green Party, tweeted: "And just unveiled - #MillicentFawcett -joins the 11 men in Parliament Square - Courage calls to Courage Everywhere.
"And in 100th anniversary of some women first winning the vote, let's mark it by achieving a system where *every* vote counts - #FairVotes"
Shadow Home Secretary Diane Abbott wrote: "Proud to be at the #MillicentFawcett statue unveiling in Parliament Square.
(Image: Hulton Archive)
"Hopefully the first of many more statues representing extraordinary women to be unveiled both around London and worldwide and an important step in achieving equal representation for women."
And Harriet Harman, the former minister for women and equality, tweeted: "Celebrations as #MillicentFawcettStatue unveiled. But also a moment to reflect on all the decades & centuries women have been invisible. And to redouble the fight for equality!"
Despite a promised pause in the trade war, the US is now planning to hit $50B in Chinese imports with tariffs. Yahoo Finance‘s Alexis Christoforous and Dion Rabouin have more.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kirsty Gallacher is getting stuck in to her community service sentence - setting to work in a charity shop.
The 41-year-old TV beauty was convicted of drink-driving earlier this year and has been sentenced to 100 hours of community service.
This week she was spotted helping out at a charity shop where she vacuumed and cleaned for two hours.
She is also believed to have helped stack and shelve items for sale in the store, steam-clean other items, and sort out the display areas.
(Image: MEGA)
(Image: MEGA)
“She looked handy with a Hoover and very much at home with sorting through clothes,” an onlooker told The Sun.
Kirsty was handed a two-year driving ban along with the 100 hour community service (which consists of unpaid work) after being stopped for drink driving newer Windsor Castle in August.
She was also charged £85 prosecution costs and a further £85 victim surcharge.
Reflecting on happier times, Kirsty uploaded a busty image of herself and fellow presenter Suzie Amy on Instagram on Thursday.
The lades were pictured cooling off in a swimming pool amid a sun-drenched scene.
The TV babe captioned the moment: "#tbthursday .... to be back in the sun with @susieamy”.
Adult film studios in the San Fernando Valley and nationwide are being asked to stop all production until a performer's HIV test is confirmed as either positive or negative for the virus.
The Free Speech Coalition, a Canoga Park-based trade association that represents the adult entertainment industry, called for a precautionary hold on Saturday until the performer's HIV test is reviewed. The halt is intended to last until Wednesday, according to a statement issued by Eric Paul Leue, the organization's executive director.
“The test has not yet been confirmed, and we will know whether or not it is a false positive in the next several days” Leue said in the statement. “If it is a false positive, the hold will be lifted on Wednesday.”
The performer had not worked on an adult set during the window of transmission, Leue noted in the statement.
“We will also proactively begin partner notification and retest anyone who might have had contact with the performer since their last clear test,” Leue added.
Adult-film production has been halted from time to time by the industry itself when cases of a sexually transmitted infection have either been suspected or confirmed. The last significant halt occurred in 2014.
The Free Speech Coalition has said the industry's own testing protocols for sexually transmitted diseases are effective. On most sites, performers are tested every 14 days and are not supposed to work until they receive a clean bill of health. Last November, a statewide ballot initiative intended to force adult film performers to use condoms while on set was defeated by voters. The industry also has said that condoms are impractical because they break and they ruin the aesthetics of sexual fantasy.
“Production holds are an important part of the safety protocols in adult film, but does not signal an actual on-set transmission, nor a confirmed positive test,” Leue said in the statement.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum-of-six has vowed to never eat another banana again after biting into fruit infested with ' spider 's eggs'.
And Lorraine Wall, 38, from Liverpool, now worries that the insects will "hatch inside her".
She picked up her usual shop - including fruit - from her local Lidl store in Liverpool on Saturday but was horrified by what she found inside an innocent looking banana.
She bit into the yellow fruit only to discover a ‘crunchy feeling'.
To her horror, she found it was infested with what she believes were spider eggs.
The mum, from Wirral, Liverpool, is already scared of spiders, and said she felt physically sick after her experience, the Liverpool Echo reports.
She said: “I am already paranoid about spiders in bananas, so I broke both ends off and then bit into it.
“I felt it crunching and crunching, and then I swallowed. At first I thought it was just not very ripe but then I looked and it was full of brown goo and what look like spider eggs.
“It's embarrassing but I was sick everywhere, it was disgusting, it turned my stomach.”
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Although she's now able to joke about the incident, Lorraine says she was worried the eggs would hatch inside her.
She added: “I called 101 because I panicked, they sent a paramedic because it could be toxic in my system. I had low blood pressure because of a heart condition and they wanted to admit me to hospital but I said ‘I can't, I've got six kids here'.
“They called a doctor and he said he'd check medical books and then told me that my stomach acid would kill ‘most' of the eggs - that is not what I wanted to hear.
“I keep having visions of them hatching out inside me.”
After recovering from the shock and being given the all-clear by doctors, the stay-at-home mum wrapped the piece of fruit in a piece of tinfoil and took it back to the store where she was offered a new bunch of bananas.
However, despite her family's love of the yellow fruit, she says she'll “never go near one again” - and even took the extreme step of banning them from her house.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Lorraine added: “It knocks me absolutely sick. I can't eat anything now, I managed a piece of toast on Monday and I've been drinking cappuccinos because they're just coffee and powdered milk. I know I'm safe with those.
“There's no way I'm having another banana in this house. I can't even look at them. I can't face it.
“I had another banana set to one side for my daughter, she's five-months and she's just started with some mashed banana in her porridge.
“I don't want to think about what would happen if I'd have given it to her.”
A Lidl spokesperson said: “We were very sorry to hear of this matter, as it is never our intention for a customer to be dissatisfied in any way.
"We work very closely with our suppliers, both in the UK and abroad to ensure that the fresh fruit and vegetables available in our stores are of the highest possible quality for our customers.
“Whilst it is evident that this was not a spider nest, we were nevertheless disappointed that our expected high standards were not met on this occasion.
"The matter was immediately escalated to our Quality Assurance department, who are investigating with the supplier and will continue to keep the customer updated.”
By The Associated Press
CHICAGO (AP) — Grain futures were mostly lower Wednesday in early trading on the Chicago Board of Trade.
Wheat for March delivery was 1.20 cents lower at $4.4820 a bushel; March corn was down 1.40 cents at $3.7260 a bushel; March oats was down 4.40 cents at $2.4940 a bushel while March soybeans gained 4 cents to $10.49 a bushel.
Beef higher and pork higher on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
February live cattle was .13 cent higher at $1.1750 a pound; March feeder cattle was up .63 cent at $1.2463 pound; April lean hogs gained .25 cent to $.7155 a pound.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amanda Holden has been slammed by trolls for her innocent comment to a Manchester Bombing victim.
Rise Unbroken ended their incredible performance in tonight's semi-final by raising their arms into the air in unity wearing T-shirts bearing the Manchester bee motif.
Hollie Booth, who was badly injured in last year's terror attack, stood up out of her wheelchair for the sensational finale.
The 11-strong troupe of girls, aged between 10 and 14, received a standing ovation from the audience and fantastic praise from the judges.
However, online trolls jumped to attack Amanda for her 'poor choice of words' while giving her feedback.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Amanda said: "I have to say when we first saw you I think as a judging panel we were blown away by your unity and your support for Hollie.
"The whole story was so emotional. And it was a really good audition. But now I can see you are fantastic dancers as well.
"Hollie tonight you have come on leaps and bounds. Your recovery looks like it's going really really well. You did so well. You did yourselves and Manchester proud."
(Image: ITV)
Shocked Britain's Got Talent viewers took to Twitter after hearing Amanda's comments.
One viewer said: "Blown away. Nice choice of words there Amanda"
Another added: "Amanda holden 'blown away'? hmm, think before you speak woman"
A third agreed: "As if you tell a girl put in a wheelchair by the Manchester bombing that you were “blown away”"
(Image: ITV)
Last year's explosion left Hollie with a broken right knee, left foot and leg, and she had suffered internal injuries and extensive nerve damage.
But the girls immediately adapted their routine to accommodate Hollie's wheelchair.
At the first audition, Hollie's mum Claire explained that she took her daughter to the concert with her aunt Kelly Brewster, who sadly died at the scene. 22 lost lives
*Britain's Got Talent airs all this week on ITV at 7.30pm with results at 9pm
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Antonio Conte hopes the Italian Job will provide an escape route out of Chelsea.
The new head of the Italian FA, Roberto Fabbricini, claimed Conte was “eager” to return to the national team.
The Blues' boss is under increasing pressure at Stamford Bridge after the humiliating 3-0 home defeat to Bournemouth.
His fate could be sealed by four huge upcoming matches in the next six weeks — two Champions League encounters with Barcelona, either side of trips to Manchester United and Manchester City.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Although a report in Spain on Thursday claimed former Barça coach Luis Enrique could be installed in the Blues' hot-seat before the first leg against his last employers on February 20.
Later in the day, the Italian FA confirmed Conte, who led Italy to Euro 2016, is on a short-list to return to his former post, along with Roberto Mancini, Carlo Ancelotti and Claudio Ranieri after their failure to qualify for this summer's World Cup cost Gian Piero Ventura the role.
Fabbricini said: “The names are the ones you know.
(Image: Getty)
“Mancini was in Rome but we didn't contact him, Conte seems eager to wear the national shirt again, Ancelotti opens and closes the door and Ranieri isn't out either.
“No one is in pole position.”
His assistant, Alessandro Costacurta, who said he will start approaching candidates for interview with a view to a summer appointment, added: “Conte, at the last Euros, performed a sporting miracle” to get the Azzurri to the quarter-finals.
(Image: Getty)
Chelsea insisted on Thursday that it was business as usual after backing the head coach in the transfer window and with the club still in three competitions.
But there is increasing irritation in the boardroom about recent poor results and Conte's repeated public criticism of club policy.
DALLAS (AP) — In just 24 hours, her face and name have become world famous for what's seen as a supreme act of sportsmanship.
Dallas-area high school student Ariana Luterman was finishing the anchor leg of a girls' relay in Sunday's Dallas Marathon when she saw the legs of the women's marathon leader, Dr. Chandler Self, start to buckle from exhaustion yards from the finish line.
Acting apparently instinctively, Luterman helped Self to her feet and half-carried her to the finish line, giving the New York City psychiatrist the women's championship. Self's family later told her she'd been credited with the win
Self said Luterman came alongside her two miles from the finish and encouraged her to finish the race. Video of the finish has gone viral.
LYNCHBURG, Va. - Liberty University continues to expand its campus. This time, a new multipurpose arena will be going up on campus. Liberty Arena will serve indoor sports, like basketball and volleyball, and will hold more than 4,000 seats. Officials say this will give student-athletes a more intimate feeling with their fans.
“Right now we do a lot of swapping. So we're constantly converting the arena from convocation to sports to concerts. So this allows us to keep sports set up during the fall heavy seasons and the convocation so we just don't have to keep setting the arenas back up,” Dan Deter, vice president of major construction at Liberty University, said.
LU hopes to have the arena open in 2020 for the first basketball game.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Mumbai: Actor Ranbir Kapoor, glimpses of whose portrayal as Sanjay Dutt in the trailer of "Sanju" has left the audience asking for more, says he really wants the senior actor to like him and his work.
Ranbir interacted with the media here on Wednesday at the trailer launch of "Sanju" with Paresh Rawal, Manisha Koirala, Rajkumar Hirani, Vidhu Vinod Chopra, Sonam Kapoor, Dia Mirza and Vicky Kaushal.
Asked how he felt portraying various phases of Sanjay's life, Ranbir said: "When I was a child, I had a poster of Sanju sir on the wall of my cupboard, and through this film, I am in his shoes. I think in my life, I really want Sanju sir to like me.
"I know I never can be the man he is, but in whichever way that I go about in my career as a person and even through this film, I really want Sanju sir to like me because I feel that he is man that I respect a lot and I really look up to him. I hope that he feels that I have represented his life in very honest and improved way."
The film's trailer gives a rushed glance at the various phases and challenges Sanjay has faced in his personal life, in which he has waded through a battle with drugs, multiple relationships and legal troubles.
How does Ranbir summarise the trailer?
"We have worked on this film for two years. Through the trailer, we tried and represented the best version of the film as we can excite the audience. I always had belief in film, script and in Raju (Hirani) sir's vision, so it's way bigger than the trailer for me. The trailer is just short window of what's going to come in the film," added the actor, who has tried to walk, talk and look like Sanjay Dutt for the film.
With the ups and downs in Sanjay's life, did playing the character take an emotional toll on Ranbir?
He said: "As an actor, I was very excited to play this part. So, it doesn't bother you that much but when I was acting I was really imagining what he must be going through because I am just acting in the film putting make-up and stuff, so I think just thinking about what he must be going through was such an inspiration for me that the film was fairly easy. And also to have an incredible cast and Raju sir around me, everything was smooth sailing."
In the trailer, the makers have revealed that Sanjay had 308 girlfriends at one point in his life.
Asked whether he will reveal the number of girlfriends if he ever had a biopic made on his life, Ranbir said: "No... I actually won't allow. I don't think I am a courageous man like Sanju sir to give my life out so openly. But my count has been less than ten, so people can't make a biopic on me."
Ranbir's father and veteran actor Rishi Kapoor had praised the young actor's work when he had watched the trailer of "Sanju" for the first time. Did that make him emotional?
"Besides being my father, he is also an actor whom I really admire and respect, so when Raju sir recorded his reaction and sent it to me, that time I was shooting for another project. My father never tells me on my face that I have done a good job... Not that I am expecting that, but when you hear such words from him not only because he is my father but also he is an actor I love, it was an incredible experience for me.
"It really moved me and made me emotional because every father wants his son to do well but my father is very careful that he doesn't give compliments for free. He always tells me that you need to improve and work harder, so this was a wonderful gift."
"Sanju" is produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra. The film is releasing on June 29.
A JET/IA patch is affixed to the uniform of Tech Sgt. Ronald Gowen, a logistician assigned to the 387th Air Expeditionary Squadron. The 387th Air Expeditionary Squadron is responsible for more than 300 of these Joint Expeditionary Tasking and Individual Augmentee Airmen, who are currently deployed in 10 to 12 different countries.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 11.03.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID: 3082893 VIRIN: 161104-F-CA297-116 Resolution: 4680x3120 Size: 1.23 MB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION) Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Airmen's skills vital to the joint fight [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Bariatric surgery has long yielded almost immediate health benefits for patients with type 2 diabetes, and new findings on the reasons for remission may be the key to developing drug alternatives to surgery.
"One of the things that bariatric surgery does is cause type 2 diabetes remission," said Bethany Cummings, assistant professor of biomedical sciences at the College of Veterinary Medicine and senior author on the paper in Cell Reports. "This has given rise to a field dedicated to figuring out how exactly it does that."
There are several types of bariatric surgery, all of which reduce the size of the stomach in some way. Cummings' research focused on vertical sleeve gastrectomy, in which the stomach is reshaped into a tube. Her paper is the first of its kind to be tissue-specific and inducible, which means her lab's mouse model contains no genetic variables that could lead to errors in the results.
Type 2 diabetes develops due to two issues: islet dysfunction in the pancreas, and insulin resistance that's generally associated with obesity. Pancreatic islets produce important hormones for the body, including insulin. If they aren't functioning correctly, insulin can't move glucose out of the blood.
"The switch between pre-diabetic to diabetic comes down to the islet," said Darline Garibay, first author on the paper and a graduate student in Cummings' lab.
The islets comprise a delicate balance of alpha cells and beta cells. Alpha cells produce the hormone glucagon, which pushes glucose into the blood and promotes type 2 diabetes, and beta cells produce insulin, which pushes glucose out of the blood and protects against type 2 diabetes. When a pancreatic islet functions normally, it secretes both hormones into the blood stream. With type 2 diabetes, the islet functions abnormally and is unable to push enough insulin out, so the blood stream becomes saturated with excess glucose and has nothing to balance it.
Beta cells get help to produce insulin from the hormone glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), which is classically thought to be produced only in the gut, not the pancreas. Alpha cells typically make glucagon, but can make GLP-1 instead, though a way to control this important pathway is unknown.
Since GLP-1 numbers rise dramatically in the blood after bariatric surgery, Cummings' research group focused on GLP-1 receptor signaling in the improvements observed after surgery. Her investigation showed that bariatric surgery has a surprising effect: increasing the expression of GLP-1 in the alpha cell. They also found that the presence of a GLP-1 receptor in the beta cell increased the occurrence of the GLP-1 hormone in the alpha cell - essentially changing its identity from a cell that promotes diabetes to a cell that can fight diabetes. Cummings' lab thinks that this is a paracrine process, meaning there is an unknown factor secreted from the beta cell that signals locally to convince the alpha cell to stop producing glucagon and switch to making GLP-1 instead.
No dangerous amounts of glucose in the blood stream means no type 2 diabetes.
"Basically, there's a way to switch the alpha cell from making a bad hormone into making a good hormone," said Cummings, though she's not recommending that people rush to get bariatric surgery, which can be risky and expensive, just for these effects.
To further this research into GLP-1, the U.S. Department of Defense awarded Cummings' lab a Medical Discovery Award to figure out what factor or factors may act to switch what alpha cells produce.
"The ultimate goal here is to define how the surgery works so we can develop a drug that mimics the effect of surgery. Developing such a drug will bypass the risk and expense of bariatric surgery to make the benefits of this surgery more widely available," said Cummings.
###
Pesaro, July 4 - Prosecutors in the Marche coastal town of Pesaro on Wednesday challenged the birth registration of two children of a gay couple. The twins, a boy and a girl, were born in California from a womb donor. They were registered as the couple's children in the birth and death registry of Gabicce Mare near Pesaro Urbino. Prosecutors say public order regulations were breached.
CLOSE Sights & Sounds: Smyrna-Clayton Memorial Day Parade Jerry Habraken, The News Journal
Buy Photo Traffic along Route 1 near Middletown moves slowly as the Memorial Day weekend begins with people heading towards the beach. (Photo: Suchat Pederson, The News Journal)Buy Photo
Memorial Day traffic through Delaware toll plazas fell for the second year in a row, with about 5,000 fewer cars passing through between Friday and Monday.
Memorial Day weekend is the unofficial start to the beach season, drawing thousands each year to lower Delaware. The holiday is also a big travel weekend nationwide.
The three plazas took payment from 960,841 vehicles over the holiday weekend, according to state transportation department data. That was down from 2017, but the number had tumbled even farther from 2016 when more than 1 million used them.
Though there were 8,860 fewer vehicles passing through the toll plaza on Interstate 95 in Newark this year compared with 2017, traffic through Del. 1 plazas picked up.
The Biddle's Corner Toll Plaza saw a more than 2,600 vehicle upticks over 2017 and the Dover Toll Plaza processed nearly 1,300 more vehicles than last year.
The Dover Toll Plaza recorded 280,765 vehicles between Friday and Monday. The Biddle's Corner Toll Plaza recorded 271,313 vehicles in that same time.
In 2017, the Dover Toll Plaza and the Biddle's Corner Toll Plaza processed vehicle totals of 279,486 and 268,679, respectively, according to department data.
The Newark Toll Plaza on Interstate 95 saw the most traffic between Friday and Monday, according to transportation department data — nearly 409,000 vehicles.
The 2017 total at the Newark Toll Plaza was 417,623 vehicles.
Including Thursday traffic, the weekend's tolls reached $3.2 million. In 2017, that total was about the same, and in 2016 the total was almost $3.3 million.
Department data on dollar totals from previous years was not immediately available.
Sixty-seven percent of the vehicles used the electronic toll collection system E-ZPass.
MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND
Rehoboth Beach named Top 10 most popular beach destination
Threat of weekend storms in Delaware didn't dampen spirit of Memorial Day
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/traffic/2018/05/30/delaware-collects-tolls-fewer-memorial-day-travelers-than-last-year/654650002/
© Business Insider
US President Donald Trump's December 6 decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel has been condemned by the international community and the Arab League. Speaking to Radio SputnikWhile the Arab League has said that Washington terminated its neutrality in the region, some experts have argued that the US has never been neutral in this bitter conflict, what is your take on that?Well, it seems to be theand there he needs some parts of the Jewish establishment to lean upon. While the liberal Jews are against him he decided to choose for the Jewish Zionists who also have a strong voice within the American establishment and to look for their support. And externally there is, let's say, a new axis being built - let's call thisAnd this second axis of goodness (because they called their enemies an "axis of evil")Then we know that the crown prince of Saudi Arabia, [Mohammad bin Salman], is a person of great ambitions, the person of great daring but not very successful, not very lucky.And whether they support it within their hearts or not we still don't know but in a few days on 13th of the month [December] there will be a big Islamic summit in Istanbul and that will a kind of give us a little bit more insight about what will happen.Now the Arab League has already adopted a resolution but they didn't take any punitive actions. Do you they will wait until December 13?Well, you know, the Arab League It's an extremely weak organization and its recent steps such as excluding Syria from membership and before that excluding Libya shows that it's a, let's say, a not very independent and not very powerful body at all to speak about.Trump has made the statement just he made it clear that the peace process the Israeli-Palestinian peace process as it is, is just truly a complete sham. What do you think of that? we see that the people of Jerusalem who are very quick to respond when they see that something real happens as they reacted this summer during the Al-Aqsa event. Now they don't respond much.And the reason is exactly because that decision which is not being [translated] into some facts on the ground from this point of view. And yes it is possible to say that the peace negotiations were a sham, and that's why what Trump actually did that he came in and said well, you know, he... made a big, big joke for everything we did the last twenty years, that was basically a joke [laughs]. He always says that he opens hypocrisy of all previous secretaries of state, of all the previous presidents of the United States. Yes you can say that too. And then the question is how people will respond to it, whether the Islamic states will be able to find [...] hands, whether they will be able to act in any particular way.I think that the media really does not cover the extent to which the situation and the status of Palestinians living in Jerusalem.Yes, indeed,even to the point that all non-Jewish residents of Jerusalem who lived there since time immemorial, as we say, they have no citizenship rights - they have only residency rights which can be withdrawn at any moment and usually it's being withdrawn if a young man or a young woman is going to study, very often the Israeli government [revokes] their residency permit.and I think that is probably the most important thing.In 1980 Israel passed what they call the Jerusalem law and that law de facto declared Jerusalem as the capital in its entirety and shortly afterward the UN Security Council passed Resolution 478 declaring the law null and void and the Israeli annexation of East Jerusalem is illegal as it violates several principals under international law.This is very true.Does the US have any interest at all in the creation of a two-state solution?In my personal view the two-state solution is dead or almost dead and they think we should just continue to fight for equal rights in Palestine like it was in South Africa.
424: Creating the Story that will Help You Win in this Profession by Kacia Fitzgerald
By Simon Chan
People connect with people. Kacia Fitzgerald shows us that the people that really win in this profession are those that are honest and able to tell their story and become relatable. Also, only you control who you bring into your business, so bring people in that you want to be surrounded by.
Who is Kacia Fitzgerald?
Kacia Fitzgerald has a background in IT Project Management and Engineering Recruiting and worked in the corporate world. She got started in network marketing in January 2014 as a part time fun business until she saw the potential and decided to go all in.
Kacia was able to go full time 14 months later when her MLM income surpassed her salary from her full time job. Kacia is now a 6-figure earner and leads a team of over 2500+ members.
Favorite Quote
“The journey to greatness often begins the moment that challenge and contribution become more important than comfort and ease” (Brendon Burchard)
Must Read Book
The Big Leap by Gay Hendricks
Recommended Online App
Evernote
Google Drive
Recommended Prospecting Tool
Youtube
Zoom Webinar
Phone Call
Contact Info
Facebook
Instagram
What Did You Learn?
Thanks for joining me on the show.
So what did you learn?
If you enjoyed this episode please share it on social media and send it to someone that needs extra motivation in their MLM business.
Do you have any thoughts or comments?
Please take 60 seconds to leave an HONEST review for the MLM Nation Podcast on iTunes.
Ratings and reviews are extremely important for me to make this show better.
Finally, don't forget to subscribe to the show on iTunes so that you get updates and new episodes downloaded to your phone automatically.
Click Here to Subscribe via iTunes
Click here to Subscribe via Stitcher
Click Here to Subscribe via RSS (non-iTunes feed)
The post 424: Creating the Story that will Help You Win in this Profession by Kacia Fitzgerald appeared first on MLM Nation: Network Marketing Training | Prospecting | Lead Generation | Leadership | Duplication | Motivation.
Source:: http://mlmnation.net/424-kacia-fitzgerald/
Wounded officer McClaughry left Harborview and was welcomed by hundreds of people showing support. Harrirson Ford almost crashed his plane in California! A new survey says people would rather be given $1 million than find their true love. And Starbucks is set to start serving ice cream at some of their locations.. Listen here!
Vijay Anand was at the peak of his filmmaking craft when he helmed Jewel Thief (1967) for star brother Dev Anand's banner, Navketan. Loosely taking off from one of Alfred Hitchcock's best man-on the-run pictures, North by Northwest (1959), Jewel Thief is undoubtedly one of the finest thrillers in mainstream Hindi cinema, one that gets better as time goes by.
Jewel Thief was a big commercial success for the Anand brothers. It is also the second of a trilogy of exceptional thrillers directed by Vijay Anand, the others being Teesri Manzil (1966) and Johny Mera Naam (1970).
The film is centered on a series of daring jewel robberies that totally baffle the police. We are led to believe that the Police Commissioner's son Vinay (Dev Anand), might have a hand in the thefts. What is even more puzzling is that he is constantly being mistaken for another man, Amar.
Among those who are misled is Shalini (Vyjayanthimala), who claims to be the doppelganger's fiancé. The suspense builds up and the plot thickens. Who is this lookalike? What is Vinay's actual role in the overall scheme of things? And of course, who is the notorious jewel thief?
Dev Anand and Vyjayanthimala in Jewel Thief.
The first Hindi movie to be shot in picturesque Sikkim, Jewel Thief is aided by smart and witty writing. The film's complex tale is meticulously plotted, as are the various twists and turns that appear credible despite obvious contrivances. Jewel Thief is also extremely well crafted and nicely paced, and keeps the suspense going for a good part of its running length of around three hours. While undoubtedly a technically slick production in the mould of Hollywood, it manages to not seamlessly incorporate and even elevate the necessary elements of Indian mainstream cinema into its narrative flow.
Tanuja and Dev Anand in Jewel Thief.
The casting of Ashok Kumar is the film's masterstroke even if it is not one of the veteran's more memorable acts. Dev Anand is his usual charming and stylish self, while Vyjayanthimala is fine enough as the damsel-in-distress who has her own baggage to deal with. Helen, Faryal and Anju Mahendru effectively do their bits as molls, adding significantly to the eye candy value. The heist thriller's undisputed scene-stealer, even in a disappointingly underdeveloped role, is a lively and spunky Tanuja, who also nurtures a soft spot for Vinay.
In one of the film's best moments, Tanuja playfully attempts to seduce him with the song, Raat Akeli Hai. Sung in her trademark sensuous manner by Asha Bhosle, Raat Akeli Hai sees composer SD Burman showcasing not just the singer's vocal quality but also her fantastic breath control.
Play Raat Akeli Hai.
For a man in his early sixties at the time, SD Burman's score is hip, lively and contemporary for its time. The songs are extremely well composed, be it the haunting Rula Ke Gaya Sapna Mera, the two romantic duets Aasman Ke Neeche and Dil Pukare or the deftly choreographed club song Baithe Hain Kya Uske Paas.
Interestingly, Burman had adapted the robust Colonel Bogey March originally for Guru Dutt's Baharen Phir Bhi Aayengi (1966) before OP Nayyar took over the film's music. Once Nayyar stepped in, Burman's song was dropped, so he reused the tune in Jewel Thief as the ever-popular Yeh Dil Na Hota Bechara.
Play Yeh Dil Na Hota Bechara.
Vijay Anand was known for his song shooting skills, and Jewel Thief sees the director in sublime form. Each of the songs is wonderfully filmed and bears Anand's individual stamp. Amongst them, the highlight is Hothon Pe Aisi Baat, the show-stopping performance by Vyjayanathimala and other dancers for the crown prince of Sikkim. The sequence is an excuse for a distraction as the jewel thief's main aim is to steal the prince's bejewelled crown. Oh yes, by now we also know who the titular character is.
Hothon Pe Aisi Baat is a remarkable achievement for the time, with its long takes involving complex character and camera movements, dynamic tracking and panning shots, and a fine use of the foreground and background space within the frame, all without compromising on the emotional aspect of the narrative.
The editing too picks up the pace of the story most effectively as the shots get shorter and shorter towards the end, thus building up the suspense as we wonder what Vinay will do at the end of it all. Vyjayanthimala comes to life in the song, showing off her formidable dancing skills as she effortlessly glides her way through lengthy and elaborately choreographed dance steps even as she hits each of her marks with razor-sharp accuracy. A special nod must go to director of photography V Ratra for the remarkably fluid camerawork in a challenging situation.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A spitfre pilot who flew 149 raids during the Second World War before he was shot down has finally been identified and given a proper funeral.
Polish RAF ace Tadeusz Stabrowski was 25 when his fighter was hit and ditched in the English Channel in March 1943.
He was identified by DNA tests on remains in an unmarked grave in Le Crotoy, France – meaning son Andre Melaney could say farewell to the hero dad he never knew.
Andre, a British-born Canadian citizen, had spent 20 years trying to find out how Tadeusz died.
And finally, he and his family attended a service in the fishing village of Le Crotoy last week.
Polish authorities worked with locals to arrange the service and paid for a new headstone bearing Tadeusz's name.
Tadeusz had studied shipbuilding and chemistry before becoming a pilot. He fled Poland when the Nazis invaded and made his way to Britain to join the RAF.
(Image: Getty)
He was assigned to 258th British Fighter Squadron, stationed in Scotland, before joining the 317th and 308th Polish fighter squadrons.
Tadeusz fell in love with and married English girl Elizabeth, who gave birth to Andre six months before the air ace died.
(Image: Getty)
A fellow pilot in London had said he was “a calm, precise and brave pilot with nerves of steel and one of the best I have ever known”.
Tadeusz was hit by German guns in a raid on Abbeville in northern France.
Although he reportedly escaped his sinking aircraft, a rescue plane found no trace.
It is presumed he died of hypothermia and after his body washed ashore, he was buried in Le Crotoy as an “Unknown Polish Airman”.
The locals paid for his first funeral and turned out again last week. One said: “We are honoured to be here to pay our respects. He gave his life for freedom in Europe.
“We will be forever grateful for his generation who made the ultimate sacrifice. He will be remembered as a true hero in Le Crotoy.”
Kesha wants Taylor Swift to know she's not alone.
On Friday, a Denver judge dismissed the case against Taylor Swift by DJ and radio host David Mueller, who sought $3 million in damages after claiming she ruined his career. While that case has wrapped up, Swift is still in court for counter suing Mueller for $1, claiming he grabbed her butt multiple times.
Kesha took to Twitter to publicly support Swift in the midst of her legal issues. “I support you always, and especially right now and admire your strength and fearlessness. Truth is always the answer,” she wrote, directing her message at Swift.
https://twitter.com/KeshaRose/status/897086310086836226 . @taylorswift13 i support you always, and especially right now and admire your strength and fearlessness. truth is always the answer. — kesha (@KeshaRose) August 14, 2017
Last week, Swift delivered a testimony in court that still has celebrities singing her praises. “I'm not going to allow you and your client in any way make me feel like it's my fault, because it isn't,” she reportedly said to the opposition, explaining she hopes to “serve as an example to other women.”
Lena Dunham took to Twitter to also show her support.
https://twitter.com/lenadunham/status/895862148362063872?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.instyle.com%2Fnews%2Flena-dunham-praises-taylor-swift-testimony Proud of @taylorswift13 for her fierce & cutting testimony & her refusal to settle for being treated like property. Her example is powerful. — Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) August 11, 2017
RELATED: Watch Kesha's Emotional First Live Performance of "Praying"
Of course, it's especially moving for Kesha to reach out. The singer has been in an ongoing legal battle with producer Dr. Luke, whom she has accused of sexual assault.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ant McPartlin has heaped praise on the NHS doctor who helped him battle his addiction.
The TV presenter turned to booze and drugs to cope with chronic pain following a private operation on his knee.
Following the op, he visited NHS Professor David Deehan - a consultant orthopaedic surgeon and an expert in knee surgery - in his hometown.
“Professor Deehan has been a huge part of turning Ant's life around. Ant thinks he's brilliant and can't stop telling everyone how important this guy has been to his recovery," a source told The Sun.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“He was so let down by private healthcare, both in terms of his failed knee op and doctors who kept prescribing him dangerous painkillers in London. Ant knew he needed a different surgeon.”
While Professor David Deehan told the newspaper: “It is always a privilege to help and surgery is a team effort. It is also very easy and a joy to treat a patient who is so honest and as motivated as Anthony.”
(Image: Rex Features)
It comes after the TV star apologised for putting wife Lisa Armstrong 'through hell' with mood swings and depression.
The'm A Celebrity presenter was forced to reveal all in a tearful confession to Lisa and TV partner Declan Donnelly after breaking down about about his addictions.
(Image: Getty)
Ant revealed childhood sweetheart Lisa, who is a make-up artist on Strictly Come Dancing, has been 'fantastic' as she supported him in his recovery.
The couple will now spend the next few weeks together with close friends and family out of the public spotlight while he continues his recovery.
(Image: FilmMagic.com)
Ant took to Twitter on Sunday evening to thank fans for their kind words after he broke his silence following his stint in rehab.
He wrote: "Have to say I'm overwhelmed by everyone's love, support and well wishes today. Thank you one and all. I'm sending all my love back. A xxx"
Gardens Galleria Mall, an entertainment and luxury hub located at the prime location of Noida Sector-18 hosted its monthly GG's Talk Show on Sustainable Development and Quality Education for all – 5Ps (People, Planet, Peace, Prosperity, and Partnership). The talk show was attended by Shri Anil Swarup (IAS), Secretary (SE&L), Ministry of HRD, Government of India as chief guest along with renowned experts and educationists from around 32 schools in the Delhi-NCR region.
Show moderator Ashok Pandey, Principal, Ahlcon International School, Delhi and Past Chairman, NPSC initiated the event by giving a small brief regarding the present education scenario and how it is being constantly affected by the socio-political, cultural, economic and technological reforms in the nation. This was followed by experts sharing some golden tips & tricks with the parents on how to tackle on the rapid changes in the industry and ensure their kid's bright future. Finally, the panel opened up for a high-intensity Q&A round with the audience, wherein the parents gained some great insight regarding various education levels and how to tackle some serious problems like depression, stress, and peer pressure.
Chief Guest quote: “It was a pleasure to be a part of this healthy talk show, and we believe more such interactive sessions should be held across the length and breadth of the nation for the growth & development of the country. The deep insight about the kid's and parent's situation that these events provide help the policymakers in devising effective strategies as per the actual needs of the society.
On this occasion, Mr. Mahim Singh, Mall Head, Gardens Galleria said, “The knowledgeable eve of GG's Talk Show amidst the renowned educationists gave the conscious parents a golden opportunity to clear their doubts and get an accurate direction for their kid's future in the constantly changing education landscape of India. We look forward to engaging in more such constructive interactions and discussions with the public and experts to ensure sustainable growth in all aspects of our society.
Connection Information
To perform the requested action, WordPress needs to access your web server. Please enter your FTP credentials to proceed. If you do not remember your credentials, you should contact your web host.
Hostname
FTP Username
FTP Password This password will not be stored on the server.
Connection Type FTP (SSL)
"When we were kids my cousin and I always saw Soldiers as hero's and being a Soldier was always something I wanted to do," said Spc. Cory Swank, a Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear Specialist with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), an Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa. "I'm here now, I'm doing it, deploying as a Soldier in the United States Army and I'm looking forward to this upcoming chapter in my life," Swank added. The 316th ESC is currently deployed to Camp Arifjan, Kuwait in support of the 1st Theater Sustainment Command mission of providing logistics support throughout the CENTCOM area of operations. (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.08.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082970 VIRIN: 161208-A-PF724-007 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 7.26 MB Location: CAMP ARIFJAN, KW Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lisa Appleton has put on another outrageous display as she proudly showed off her body in a very revealing outfit.
The former Big Brother housemate has proven time and time again that she isn't shy, and it has been more of the same as she soaks up the sun - and works on an almost full body tan - on an Easter break in Spain.
The star was spotted flaunting her boobs as she stepped out in just a pink thong and a totally sheer black dress.
(Photo: SF1RM40)
It left virtually nothing to the imagination - but at least Lisa was wearing a smile as she strolled through the streets.
She completed the barely there outfit with a pink sun hat, at one point getting cheeky as she bent over to sort through her bags.
(Photo: SF1RM40)
Although some people have criticised Lisa on Twitter for the racy ensemble, she's hit back and explained she was "by a nudist beach".
"You can't please everyone all of the time but you can please yourself that's what I'm doing," she added.
In fairness to Lisa, this outfit is almost over dressed compared to a more racy recent display .
(Photo: SF1RM40)
Earlier this week, she whipped out her nipples for a spray tan and wears nothing but the smallest of cheese-grater-slash-thongs to preserve her modesty
The former Big Brother star also let it all hang out on holiday , rolled around on a dirty hotel carpet with her boobs out , wore some nipple tassels while falling into a hedge , humped an actual bollard and walked a dog in her underwear .
Thank you, Lisa Appleton, for everything you do.
With the news that the number of deaths in the UK caused by prostate cancer has overtaken breast cancer-related deaths for the first time, there has never been a better time to spread awareness about the disease.
Here, prostate cancer survivor David Kurk recounts his own story – and reiterates the point that getting tested is crucial, even if the results aren't foolproof.
As the superb British singer Jenny Williams presented a program that mixed popular songs and opera arias in the Royal Court Theatre about the Cunard Line's Queen Mary 2, she paused to ask how many of the perhaps 600 people in the audience were on their first cruise. A few score hands went up. Second cruise? Perhaps the same number. She then asked how many were on their fifth cruise, their 10th—and still significant numbers of hands were raised.
Cruises might not be for everyone, possibly including me. But there's a large group of travelers who adore them. And aboard the Queen Mary 2, which Cunard just spent north of $110 million renovating, it's not hard to figure out why. Those who love the sea really love the sea, as the price of oceanfront property attests. And, as I found out when I joined a weeklong Asia voyage a few weeks ago, the Queen Mary 2 allows you to soak up the sights and sounds of the marine realm and visit storied ports while indulging both your mind and your body.
The “Daily Programme” for an at-sea day (which appears in your cabin each evening for the next day's offerings) can contain about 100 on-board activities, from yoga classes and dance lessons to lectures, concerts, films and affinity group meetings (LGBT, AA, Christian fellowship). And even saying “concerts” hardly conveys the options, which include headline performers like Jenny Williams, who come aboard for brief stays, and the resident musicians, such as jazz ensembles, ballroom-dancing orchestras, rock bands, string quartets, solo pianists, harpists and more. Lectures range from the expected (an introduction on the next port city and its culture) to the charmingly orthogonal—such as “Hogarth's London.”
Aboard the QM2 it is remarkably easy to find a group of like-minded folks. Whether your enthusiasm is for dancing or fencing, crafts or astronomy, there are opportunities to find others aboard who share the same interest.
There are some things one can find afloat only on the QM2, such as its planetarium, called Illuminations (with programs from the American Museum of Natural History in New York). There is also a kennel on board (in use when the ship is plying the New York to Southampton route in the summer months—the last of the scheduled ocean liners on this fabled route). The on-deck area set aside for dogs even has thoughtfully provided both a lamppost and a fire hydrant—a cute touch.
You'll likely realize—maybe when you enter the dining room for your first dinner and see what looks like hundreds of waiters—that the number of staff members ensures you're never far from someone who wants to make sure you're taken care of. In fact, the passenger to crew ratio is just a bit more than two to one. Crew members sign aboard for various lengths of shifts at sea, and often first-time crew members sign on for a six-month tour of duty. Paul Bowes, the food and beverage manager for the ship, told me that about 75 percent return after that first experience. Like the passengers, the crew is made up of people who just seem to like life at sea. Bowes himself has been at Cunard since 1993, when he joined the old Queen Elizabeth 2 as a sommelier. Some of the crew are working the demanding seven-day-a-week pace to save up for some near-term goal—to open a restaurant in the Philippines, or an ayurvedic spa in Kerala, India—but many appear to find the sea-going life as enthralling as the passengers.
Perhaps the best way to understand the attractions of life aboard is to consider the 6,000-square-foot Empire Casino, which is open to the main lobby and has expansive windows on the sea. Gambling, like so many other things aboard, is one aspect of a pleasure-filled day, not treated as an obsessive and furtive retreat from life.
SHORE LEAVE
“Join the Navy and See the World” goes an old recruiting slogan, and part of the attraction of a cruise is the chance to go ashore at various ports and experience other cultures. As the Queen Mary 2 makes its inaugural round-the-world voyage after a stem-to-stern renovation, Cunard offers an assortment of tours at each port and can also arrange individual tours for guests who wish a more custom experience.
Getting ashore, it must be said, is a process. Few experiences are as leveling as going through immigration at a border—and the Queen Mary 2 is often carrying around 2,700 passengers. A happy surprise is that the travelers' queue is made far easier than you'd expect. You surrender your passport at boarding, and at each stop you go through a pretty painless clearance process timed to reduce the amount of standing around to the bare minimum—far less than the average airport clearance.
Once you leave the liner, the experience can be a bit of a letdown, as you're likely to be touring on a bus that is subject to the vagaries of local traffic. On an eight-hour tour, your fate is ultimately dependent upon the quality of your guide. Passengers have varying interests, which makes it a challenge for any guide to decide his/her areas of focus while describing the attractions. At the same time, the guides themselves are the main or perhaps the sole real contact you may have with the local people, and this can be enlightening. A guide in South Korea announced early in his presentation that he would refer to the Japanese—whose treatment of Korea in the first half of the 20th century was disgraceful and often criminal—as “our neighbors.” His acerbic use of this bland term managed to convey effectively the deep animosity that many Koreans still feel toward the Japanese, and itself was as profound a historical lesson as could be learned from any museum or monument.
After a daylong bus tour, there's probably no better place to unwind than at the hydrotherapy section of the onboard Canyon Ranch Spa. It has a lovely pool with a submerged chaise longue at one end and a cascading waterfall shower and jet massages at the other with a nearby steam room, sauna, whirlpool tub and other instruments of relaxation. (A spa pass costs $40 a day, $75 for three days, $105 for 6 days—eminently worth it.)
While the shore excursions may have some rough spots, the minor annoyances are forgotten, as the stories and sights of new cities and cultures prevail—particularly if one has had the blissful transition of reflecting upon these sights in warm, percolating waters. In Follow the Fleet, a 1936 film with music by Irving Berlin, Fred Astaire and a chorus of swabbies sing that they had joined the Navy to see the world, “And what did we see? We saw the sea.” As it turns out, aboard the QM2 this is a pretty good outcome.
MEAL TIME
At sea, meals are the center of social life. In the dining rooms, you'll see couples dining á deux, family groups of eight or 10 arrayed about a large table, individuals taking dinner with a fork in one hand and a book in the other, and so forth. If you come in alone, as I did, you'll be offered the choice of joining a table or taking one by yourself. It's easy to be alone, but you'll have no excuse to be lonely.
Passage aboard the QM2 includes meals (with some exceptions noted below), and the array of choices on the menu, just in one dining room, is astonishing. Soups, salads, appetizers, entrees, desserts—a constantly changing variety of foods is on offer, prepared to please both eye and palate. Fortunately, portions are reasonable; it would be far too easy to over-indulge otherwise. Wines and cocktails are available (at extra cost), both in the dining rooms and in an assortment of elegant bars onboard.
Those traveling in the Queens Suites class have their own dining room, as do passengers in the Princess Suites accommodations. The largest restaurant is for the Britannia class passengers, and it is an elegant, two-story space with stained-glass ceiling, warm wood details and accents of flowers. Should you grow tired of your regular meal spot, there are a variety of other options. One is the Kings Court, where all are welcome, and you can avoid the dress code for dinner in the more formal restaurants, which runs from jackets required for men (and equivalent for women) to occasional formal black-tie evenings. Cuisine choices range from simple British pub fare at the Golden Lion to the elegant dining at The Verandah, which serves regional French fare in a space that recalls the style of the original Queen Mary, which entered service in 1936 (the QM 2 launched in 2003). Even more variety can be found in the pop-up restaurants that rotate through the weeks, including such Coriander, specializing in Indian cuisine, Bamboo with “pan-Asian” fare, and Smokehouse, if you crave American BBQ. (These extra choices can carry added costs.)
Although the flavors might be varied, the sources of the food are not. Owing to concerns about meeting the most rigorous British and American food-safety standards, most of the food consumed aboard has either been put aboard in the United Kingdom or is shipped from there to meet the QM2 as it progresses around the globe. A port stop can include not only tourist excursions but also the loading of a dozen 40-foot containers of food (some containers with frozen food, some refrigerated and some with nonperishables).
The quality of the food is notable, given that the QM2 serves between 15,000 and 16,000 meals a day to passengers and crew. More than half of the 1,250 or so crew on board work in the food and beverage operations, including 147 chefs. The kitchen itself seems roughly the size of an airport terminal. The scale of the enterprise is astonishing, as is the attention to detail. When the ship encounters weather rough enough to upset the QM2's impressive stability at sea, the ship's computers help revise the amounts to be served at each meal to reflect the diminution in appetite that seasickness can cause.
THE VERDICT
Cunard clearly does a fine job of turning first-time cruisers into longtime clients. One night, in the seas between China and Korea, the ship was welcoming novice passengers aboard and took a moment to recognize those who had made many voyages. One guest had spent nearly 1,400 nights about Cunard ships—just a couple of months short of a full presidential term.
With most classes of accommodation already sold out for the 2018 world cruise of the QM2, and most of this summer's transatlantic berths already booked, it is clear that they know their business.
Cunard has an extensive and very helpful website that depicts the various attractions of the QM2, as well as the costs of various voyages. There is, for example, an upcoming 134-day 'round the world excursion on offer, with an interior stateroom priced at $24,219 per person—and this trip is selling out quickly. The far more luxurious Queens Grill Suites, as well as the plush Princess Grill Suites—are already sold out for that journey (which gets under way next January 3). Fares quoted are per person, double occupancy. A travel agent can also be helpful to sort out various options and seek out special offers and discounts that may be available. cunard.com
What may as well be described as the first fashion show to be held in a rural area, particularly Chiringa in Phalombe, was held recently at Diston Lodge.
Twenty models – 10 female and 10 male– took to the stage and cat walked inside the lodge's Anana Memorial Hall to show off the design skills of the Chiringa Tailors Association.
The show was jointly organised by the newly opened Diston Lodge and Chiringa Tailors Association.
The fashion show attracted a good audience and random interviews with people indicated that they were impressed with the designs which were showcased.
With fashion making steady progress in the country, the fashion show brought the best from the Chiringa Tailors Association.
Eighteen of the models were young men and women drawn from three secondary schools in the Chiringa area.
Not to be outdone, two elderly women, who proudly strutted on the stage dressed in the fashion of yester-years, were a marvel to watch.
Speaking at the fashion show, lodge manager, Loveness Mponda, thanked Vice-President Saulos Chilima and Mapeto David Whitehead for supporting the show with materials.
She said the purpose of building the Anana Memorial Hall was to give the people of Chiringa and surrounding areas an opportunity to showcase their skills.
“Today, we are appreciating styles of designers as well as models who showcased their cat-walking skills,” Mponda said.
Mponda said, in future, other skills would be taught and showcased in the hall.
According to Mponda, the Chiringa Fashion show will be taking place every festive season.
Chiringa Tailors Association Chairperson, John Twaya, said his organisation was proud to stage the first ever fashion show in the area.
“We are the best when it comes to fashion of all ages,” Twaya said.
Hanukah — “a holiday of history, legend, miracles, and inspiration,” in the words of Cantor Deborah Katchko-Gray — starts at sundown next Tuesday, and will be greeted this year by 39 menorahs on display in shop windows around Ridgefield's Main Street and village.
A variety of Hanukah events are planned in Ridgefield, including two public menorah lightings on Main Street. (See related story.)
The Hanukah story of a day's supply of lamp oil lasting eight days is widely known in today's multi-faith America. Katchko-Gray, of Congregation Shir Shalom, donated most of the menorahs in shop windows this holiday season, and shared some of the social-political background to the tale of the Maccabees and the lamp oil that comes down from ancient times.
“After the death of King Solomon, the kingdom of Israel split in two. Later Babylon conquered half, destroyed the First Temple, and the Babylonian exile pushed the kingdom of Judah (hence the word Judaism) out in 586 B.C.E.,” she wrote. “Slowly Jews returned, and in 338 B.C.E. the Greeks arrived, conquering lands including Egypt and Israel.
“King Alexander the Greek was a benevolent ruler and blended Greek religion and Eastern philosophy. This culture of Hellenism was embraced by many in the Jewish community. Some Jews felt the Hellenism and Greek values were not consistent with Judaism.
“After Alexander the Great died, his empire was divided and new government decrees limited the practice of Judaism. Violations were punishable by death. Greek symbols were placed inside the holy Temple.
“By 167 B.C.E. the Greek king Antiochus banned the practice of Judaism, with the punishment of death to all who defied the orders. Mattathias and his five sons were known as the “Maccabees” (means men as strong as hammers). Though much smaller in number than the well-armed Greek armies, the Jewish forces under the command of Judah Maccabee ultimately recaptured the Temple Mount, purified the temple once more and showed that there was victory for the oppressed.
“The miracle of Hanukah revolves around the rededication of the Temple Menorah — at the time there was only enough oil to last one day. The small quantity of oil burned for eight days,” she said. “The lighting of the menorah has become a powerful symbol of freedom and hope.”
Cantor Katchko-Gray led volunteers distributing 28 menorahs to village stores that didn't have them — 11 businesses already had menorahs.
“In all, there will be 39 menorahs lining Main Street,” she said.
“I just thought that with all the beautiful Christmas decorations lining the street, it would be nice to see a little menorah as well. It just makes us feel included and part of the community.
“When I offered a menorah to shops up and down Main Street, I got overwhelming gratitude and enthusiasm. I had two women helping me today, distributing the menorahs, and they remarked that the gratitude and reaction of all the store owners was so positive and so full of gratitude, it made them happy,” Katchko-Gray said.
“Having the menorahs in the stores is wonderful,” she added. “I think it reflects beautifully on our town. Even though we may read in the paper about swastikas here and there, I think for the most part our town has always been welcoming and caring.”
Family of cantors
Katchko-Gray has been a cantor in Ridgefield for 18 years, at Congregation Shir Shalom and its predecessor, Temple Shearith Israel.
She was drawn to the vocation as a result of family history — back to the Holocaust, and before it.
“I lost 70 members of my family, just on my father's side, full of cantors and singers,” she said. “So that was motive for me to continue in the family tradition of a fourth-generation cantor. My grandfather is a very famous cantor, and had two brothers who were cantors who perished in the Holocaust. I counted 22 singers and cantors in the family. Most of those singers or cantors perished in the Holocaust.
“I've always felt compelled to sing the songs of our people to continue a family tradition,” she said.
Her family is now well-established in Ridgefield. Between them, she and her husband, Dr. F. Scott Gray of Connecticut Family Orthopedics, have six boys: David, Aaron, Ezra, and Joey Zimmerman, and Rannon and Justin Gray.
“I've raised four sons here, and I have two stepsons,” Katchko-Gray said. “I have six sons.”
Elie Wiesel
Katchko-Gray puts faith in the teachings of Holocaust survivor and scholar Elie Wiesel, dating back to her years at Boston University.
“I studied with him in college and I became a very devoted, close student up until his passing. I recently sang at a memorial for him at BU in October,” she said.
“I think my studies with Elie Wiesel helped me develop as a cantor but also as a human being. You can go back to making a difference in people's lives, because Elie Wiesel believed in the power of memory but also the power of action.
“He always inspired me to make the most of my life and not to waste a minute.”
She'd long had an activist's instincts.
The National Museum of Jewish History in Philadelphia displays a letter from an exchange she had growing up in Stamford.
“When I was a young girl, I walked into Saks Fifth Avenue and only saw Christmas,” she said.
Why weren't there Hanukah decorations? she wondered.
“My mother said, ‘Write a letter.'”
She did, posing her question to the chairman of Saks Fifth Avenue.
“He wrote a beautiful letter back,” she said, “and that's the letter they chose to put in their permanent collection. Of the seven boxes of memorabilia I donated to the museum, that's the letter they chose to put on display. It shows the Jewish community can be integrated into the greater community. During Christmas, we want to not feel left out,” she said.
Which gets back to the menorahs in shop windows.
“My husband and I bought them as a gift to the town, to the town stores, and I hope that they'll use them year after year,” Katchko-Gray said.
“I think the message of Hanukah is not just to light the menorah, but to try and be a light — be a light to others, be a light in this world, help heal the world, make it a better place. The menorah reminds us of that.”
New Delhi: Every time Winter comes around, people begin complaining of flu, especially cold. The wheezing, sneezing, sniffling common disease makes a comeback every year.
Although, not so serious in most cases, they do give us tough times.
Even though medicines are the obvious way out for many, there are always better solutions like natural supplements.
Apart from natural remedies, there are certain foods that are, more often than not, always available at home, which will help you battle your miserable cold and considerably speed up the process of recovery.
Have a look!
1. Garlic:
The stinky, smelly root is actually a miracle worker when it comes to colds. The bulb is often dismissed because of the offensive odour it gives out, which lingers on your breath for hours afterwards. However, garlic is a risk worth taking if you have a cold ar a strong tendency to catch one. One of the key ingredients in garlic is called allicin, and it has proven itself as a potent antioxidant which helps the immune system fight illness.
2. Red peppers:
It is common knowledge that vitamin C-rich foods are great when it comes to curing colds and the first sources that come to mind are oranges and other citrus fruits. They are undoubtedly good sources of vitamin C, but red peppers which are excellent sources too are often forgotten. Just a single red pepper averages about 150 milligrams of vitamin C, which is twice the recommended daily allowance for women.
3. Mushrooms:
Although a fungus, it is a healthy one, not to mention super delicious. The many varieties of mushrooms that are edible differ quite a bit when it comes to their nutrient content, but most of them contain antioxidants that will boost your immune system and give it the requisite strength to fight off a cold.
4. Sunflower seeds:
Considered a popular snack, sunflower seeds are a powerhouse of health benefits. It's the antioxidant power of vitamin E in sunflower seeds that makes them useful in the fight against colds.
5. Tea:
Is a steaming, hot cup of tea one of the first things you ask for when you're suffering from a cold? If yes, then you're doing the right thing! Because, not only does it make you feel better, but it has real cold-fighting benefits as well. Tea contains a rich amount of antioxidants called catechins, which combat colds powerfully. A study conducted in Japan in 2011 found that people who took catechin supplements for five months lowered their chances of catching the flu by 75 percent. So there you have it! Tea is definitely the way to go if you catch a cold.
Take care!
President Donald Trump on Tuesday afternoon said that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been “honorable” during discussions ahead of a meeting between the two countries about North Korea's nuclear program.
“He really has been very open and, I think, very honorable from everything we're seeing,” Trump said, adding that he knows North Korea has made a lot of promises in the past.
Watch the clip of Trump via MSNBC:
WYOMING, Ohio (AP) — The father of an American college student who was imprisoned in North Korea and was returned to his home state of Ohio in a coma says the family is “adjusting to a different reality.”
Fred Warmbier told Fox News' Tucker Carlson on Wednesday that his son, Otto, was “terrorized and brutalized” during his 17-month detention and has been in a coma for more than a year.
“The day after he was sentenced, he went into a coma,” the father said in an interview scheduled to air Thursday night. He said he and his wife, Cindy, only learned of their son's condition last week.
The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was medically evacuated from North Korea and arrived in Cincinnati late Tuesday. He was then taken by ambulance to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center. A hospital spokeswoman did not provide an update on his condition, but said his parents planned to hold a Thursday morning news conference.
Advertisement
Their public appearance will be at Wyoming High School, one of Ohio's top-rated schools. Warmbier graduated from there in 2013 as class salutatorian and had played soccer.
Residents of the northern Cincinnati suburb tied blue-and-white ribbons, the school colors, to trees near the family's home. Joy at his release was mixed with concern over his condition.
Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said there should be an investigation into what happened to Warmbier leading to this “tragic situation.”
Richardson, a Democrat, credited the Department of State with securing Warmbier's return from North Korea without any preconditions but said a forceful response from the U.S. government would be required “if its determined that there was a cover-up and Otto's condition was not disclosed and he didn't get proper treatment.”
City councilwoman Jenni McCauley said the tight-knit community was “thrilled” to have Warmbier back.
“Even though they're saddened by his condition, they're just glad for the family that he is home,” McCauley said. “For any parent, this is their worst nightmare. … We're hoping that he will be OK.”
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea after he tearfully confessed that he tried to steal a propaganda banner while visiting the country.
Such detentions in the totalitarian nation have added to tensions between Washington and Pyongyang. Three Americans remain in custody.
The U.S. government accuses North Korea of using such detainees as political pawns. North Korea accuses Washington and South Korea of sending spies to overthrow its government.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Tuesday that his department was continuing “to have discussions” with North Korea about the release of the other three imprisoned American citizens.
When asked by Fox News what he would tell the families of those detained, Fred Warmbier said, “I wouldn't know what to say to them. This is, I've been told, not precedented.”
Buy Photo Governor John Carney speaks during the announcement for the Beau Biden Gun Violence Prevention Act which is aimed at keeping guns out of the hands of those with mental health issues who pose a danger to themselves and others. (Photo: Jason Minto, The News Journal)Buy Photo
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we're following for today. 3/15/18 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Delaware's financial outlook for the coming fiscal year got markedly better and at least some of the credit is owed to the federal tax cuts championed by President Donald Trump.
Thanks in part to that federal legislation, state government is now expected to end the current fiscal year with $77.3 million in additional revenue and rake in $139.6 million more next year, according to the latest projections released Monday by the Delaware Economic and Financial Advisory Council.
That's a combined $101 million more than the additional revenue the panel of economists and state officials forecast in December.
But Gov. John Carney's administration is still urging lawmakers against launching a spending spree as they head into an election year.
"It's important to keep in mind that many of the resources available this year is one-time in nature, and we continue to face longer-term budget challenges that we have not fully addressed," the governor said via email.
Carney in January proposed a $4.25 billion spending plans for the coming year that would fund pay raises for teachers, correctional officers and other state workers. His budget proposal included about $100 million in funding for one-time items such as the construction of new schools, libraries and highway improvements.
His proposal calls for a 3.5-percent increase in spending over this year. But Carney argues that plan is "sustainable" because the state would not be locked into providing most of that additional funding beyond a single year.
Administration officials noted that most of the new revenue being projected by DEFAC also could end up being short term.
Most of that money is expected to come from one of two sources: a jump in personal income tax revenue and a temporary slowdown in refunds of unclaimed property.
Together, they are expected to more than make up for a $33.5 million decline in corporate income tax revenue over the next two years, which also is attributable to the Trump tax cuts.
DEFAC, for instance, anticipates the state will net an extra $24.5 million in personal income tax this fiscal year, followed by another $47.7 million in the next fiscal year.
State Finance Director Rick Geisenberger attributed much of that growth to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. The sweeping overhaul of the nation's tax system resulted in millions of workers throughout the country receiving one-time bonuses, including many here in Delaware.
"It's not that bonuses grew so much as we had expected them to shrink because we're sort of at the tail end of at least one particularly large employer who did a lot of bonuses," he said, in a clear reference to the DuPont Co. "[But] they didn't shrink."
Hundreds of Delawareans, particularly wealthy residents, also reaped the benefit of a booming stock market through most of Trump's first year in office, resulting in added revenue generated through the state's capital gains tax.
"The question is how long-lived is that," he said. "We've forecasted that we've got another year or two to run there but ... at some point, the stock market doesn't keep going up at the rate its been going."
Added revenue for the state's unclaimed property, meanwhile, is more a factor of accounting than actual new income, he said.
Unclaimed property typically includes inactive checking or savings accounts, uncashed payroll checks, stock certificates, insurance payments, utility deposits, gift card balances, money orders and life insurance proceeds.
After three to five years, companies unable to locate the rightful owners are required to turn the property over to the state, a process called "escheat." The state then continues trying to locate the owner while collecting interest on the mass holding.
The latest DEFAC projections anticipate what looks like $50 million in additional revenue from escheat over two years. But Geisenberger warns that's actually based on a slowdown in refunds as the state enacts new controls to be sure that money is not being released to fraudsters.
"Eventually it will go out the door," he said. "And when it comes to unclaimed property, that's not something you build your base budget around."
Despite those warnings, House Minority Leader Danny Short, R-Seaford, said he's excited by what positive trend means for lawmakers' ability to address issues that have long gone untended due to the state's fiscal constraints in recent years.
"But at the same time, saving money is what a prudent business person would do," he said. "Hopefully, we'll be very diligent and provide insight into what we want to do in the future, cautiously of course."
DEFAC next budget projections are slated to be issued April 16.
Contact reporter Scott Goss at (302) 324-2281, sgoss@delawareonline.com or on Twitter @ScottGossDel.
ACTION IN THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY
Weakened bump stock ban sent back to Delaware House
Delaware bill would outlaw underage marriages
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/politics/2018/03/19/carney-calls-restraint-delaware-buget-panel-says/437688002/
Cara Pressman sobbed in the big red chair in her living room. The 15 year old tried to absorb the devastating news relayed by her parents: that their insurance company, Aetna, denied her for a minimally invasive brain surgery that could end the seizures that have haunted her since she was 9 years old.
“When my parents told me, I went kind of blank and started crying,” she said. “I cried for like an hour.”
Her friends had been lined up to visit her in the hospital for the surgery three days away, on Monday, October 23. Between tears, she texted them that the whole thing was off.
This 15-year-old wept as her parents told her their insurance company denied her for minimally invasive brain surgery that could end her seizures https://t.co/v7D5jFlob4 pic.twitter.com/J5OsF5X0qQ — CNN (@CNN) December 11, 2017
It was supposed to be a joyous weekend. Cara's grandparents had come to town to celebrate their 90th birthdays, a jubilant party with more than 100 family and friends crowding her home. The party did go on — just with a lot more stress.
Cara had multiple complex partial seizures that weekend. When the seizures strike, her body gets cold and shakes, and she zones out for anywhere from 20 seconds to two minutes, typically still aware of her surroundings. Her seizures can be triggered by stress, by being happy, by exerting herself — almost anything. “It's like having a nightmare but while you're awake,” she said.
In the six weeks since the denial, Cara has had more than two dozen seizures affecting her everyday life. Her message to Aetna is blunt: “Considering they're denying me getting surgery and stopping this thing that's wrong with my brain, I would probably just say, ‘Screw you.' ”
Aetna: We're looking out for what's best for patients
The Pressman family and, separately, Jennifer Rittereiser, a 44-year-old mom who has struggled with seizures since she was 10, approached CNN in recent weeks after they were both denied, by Aetna, for laser ablation surgery, a minimally invasive procedure in which a thin laser is used to heat and destroy lesions in the brain where the seizures are originating. Aetna is the third-largest health insurance provider in the country, providing medical coverage to 23.1 million people.
Neurologists consider laser ablation, which is performed through a small hole in the skull, to be safer and more precise than traditional brain surgery, where the top portion of the skull is removed in order for doctors to operate. The procedure is less daunting for the patient and parents who make decisions for their children: No one likes the idea of a skull opened and a chunk of brain removed.
In denying Cara her surgery, Aetna said it considers laser ablation surgery “experimental and investigational for the treatment of epilepsy because the effectiveness of this approach has not been established.”
“Clinical studies have not proven that these procedures effective for treatment of the member's condition,” Aetna wrote in its rejection letter.
The insurance company did approve her for the more invasive and more expensive open brain surgery, called a temporal lobectomy, even though her medical team never sought approval for the procedure.
The laser surgery is approved by the Food and Drug Administration and is widely recognized within the epilepsy community as an effective treatment alternative to open brain surgery, especially when the location of seizure activity can be pinpointed to a specific part of the brain.
Dr. Jamie Van Gompel, a neurosurgeon at the Mayo Clinic, disputes Aetna's assessment. He is not involved in Cara's care nor Rittereiser's treatment, but he said Aetna's assessment is wrong.
“I would not call it experimental at all,” said Van Gompel, who is leading a clinical trial on the surgery at Mayo as part of a larger national study. “It's definitely not an experimental procedure. There've been thousands of patients treated with it. It's FDA-approved. There's a lot of data out there to suggest it's effective for epilepsy.”
Van Gompel said a temporal lobectomy carries a much higher risk of serious complications, including the possibility of death. “It's a big jump to go to a big invasive procedure,” he said.
Recovery time after open brain surgery can range from six to 12 weeks. By contrast, a patient who undergoes laser ablation can be back to work or at school in less than two weeks. The pain from laser surgery is much less, and extreme headaches are fewer than with open brain surgery, Van Gompel said.
While laser ablation has not yet undergone large randomized controlled trials, Van Gompel said existing data shows it's effective more than 50% of the time. He hopes the current clinical trial will show a success rate of 60% to 70% or better in epilepsy patients. Temporal lobectomies, he said, have a slightly better rate, of more than 70%.
Pressed by CNN for a better explanation on its denial, Aetna stood by its rejection for Cara and Rittereiser, saying it was in the best interest of the patients. But the language was softened slightly.
“Clinical effectiveness and our members' safety are the primary criteria we use in determining whether a treatment or service is medically necessary,” Aetna said. “There is currently a limited amount of evidence-based, clinical studies related to laser ablation surgery. As noted by the Epilepsy Foundation, only studies with a very small number of participants have been used to report the effectiveness of this procedure. We consistently evaluate any new studies or additional evidence when developing our clinical policy bulletins, and will continue to do so for this procedure.”
Contacted for reaction, the Epilepsy Foundation strongly objected to Aetna's remarks, saying the insurance company took its information out of context. Laser ablation surgery “has emerged as a new minimally invasive surgical option that is best suited for patients with symptomatic localization-related epilepsy,” said Dr. Jacqueline French, the chief science officer with the Epilepsy Foundation.
“This technology is much less invasive than the alternative, which involves removing a sizeable piece of brain, at a substantially higher monetary and personal cost,” French said. “This path should be available, if the treating epilepsy physician has recommended it, without delay or barriers.”
Phil Gattone, the president and CEO of the Epilepsy Foundation, said insurance denials and other barriers to treatment have become a common battle for thousands of Americans with seizure disorders.
Gattone knows first-hand the pain of what Cara's parents are going through. His own son began having seizures when he was 4 and underwent brain surgery in the early 1990s. “It was extremely challenging for our family to make a decision to remove part of our child's skull and brain for a surgery that we hoped would end the devastation of seizures that were stopping his development,” Gattone said. “We took this leap of faith and made the decision, and it worked out the best for him.”
But he added that he and his wife wished laser ablation surgery had been available back then. The device used for laser ablation surgery was approved by the FDA nine years ago. “I know that my wife and I would've found much more comfort if we had had (laser ablation) as an option,” he said.
Gattone said people with seizures, their caregivers and their doctors should not be “spending critical time in the midst of a health-care crisis, filing paperwork, making appeals or otherwise going through the motions of administrative paperwork” trying to get approval for a life-changing operation.
“The Epilepsy Foundation can understand no reason why an insurance company would place any barrier to delay a treatment that may save an individual's life, promote the development of the young child's brain or bring about seizure control,” Gattone said.
Mom who crashed with kid in car gets denied
Jennifer Rittereiser lost consciousness behind the wheel of her silver SUV while driving with her 7-year-old son, Robert, in April. Her SUV rammed into a car in front of her and struck it again before veering into oncoming traffic. Her vehicle careened down an embankment, flipped over and came to rest on its side amid a tangle of brush. She narrowly missed slamming into a guardrail and several trees.
Mom and son somehow managed to walk free unharmed.
“People were amazed,” she said. “They had a helicopter on the way, actually. I am extremely fortunate just from that sense.”
Rittereiser has battled seizures since she was 10 and has been able to function with an array of medications in the three decades since. For much of her life, she could tell when the seizures might come.
These weren't like the seizures depicted in Hollywood movies; she wouldn't fall to the ground and writhe. She would zone out for a spell. She could understand people and could still function but couldn't speak back — or if she did, her words were garbled.
As an executive in the health care industry, Rittereiser has fallen asleep during meetings. When she senses a seizure coming, she rushes to the bathroom to hide until they go away. One time, she says she urinated on herself at her desk without realizing it.
Rittereiser had a crash in 2014 in which she rear-ended a car after she had a seizure. No one was hurt in that crash, but she stopped driving for more than a year. Her medications were tweaked, and her seizures were largely kept in check, until the crash this April.
She was soon evaluated by an array of doctors and recommended for laser ablation surgery. After 34 years of struggling with seizures, she thought her ordeal might finally come to an end. Surgery was set for June 16.
But in late May, Aetna denied the surgery. She fought Aetna's decision through a lengthy appeals process. Aetna refused to budge.
“It's just not right,” Rittereiser said.
She said she recently went to Aetna's website to look up the company's values. She felt nauseated. “Everything in their core values is not being shown in the way I'm being treated. They're talking about promoting wellness and health and ‘being by your side.' ”
She paused, contemplating the company's “by your side” catchphrase, saying it's “the most ridiculous thing, because they are the biggest barrier to my success and my well-being going forward.
“It drives me crazy.”
Dad: ‘You get so angry'
Julie Pressman stood near an elevator at her doctor's office when word came that Cara's surgery had been denied. The mom fell to the floor and wept.
She called Cara's father, Robert. He was at the airport picking up his 90-year-old parents for their birthday party. Mom and Dad rallied for their daughter and gathered strength to break the news. That's when Cara sat in the red chair, crying inconsolably.
“Telling Cara was horrible,” her mom said. “Horrible.”
“It's just so frustrating for us to know there's a solution out there — a way to fix our daughter — and some bureaucratic machine is preventing this from happening,” Robert Pressman said. “You get so angry, but you don't know who to take it out on, because there's no particular person that's doing it. It's this big bureaucracy that's preventing this from happening.”
Julie and Robert said the most beautiful day of their lives came on August 20, 2002, when Cara popped into the world and met her 2-year-old sister, Lindsey, for the first time. “That was the day we became a family,” Julie said. “Our love for those girls is amazing. How we got this lucky is beyond us.”
But that luck has been tested. When Cara was 9, she'd complained of extreme headaches for much of the day one evening, and then in the middle of the night, she began seizing uncontrollably. The family had two black Labradors that had gone to her room and barked like crazy to alert her parents. Cara had bitten her tongue, and blood was running down her face when they got to the room.
It was a terrifying scene. She was rushed off in an ambulance and underwent a battery of tests. Mom, Dad and Cara never thought they'd still be battling seizures six years later — let alone an insurance company. She's had seizures on the soccer field, during softball games, on stage during plays, in the classroom. Almost everywhere.
How does she envision a life without seizures?
“I don't know,” she said. “I've never had a life without seizures.”
“You will. You will,” her dad told her.
“I just don't know when,” she responded.
Mom: “It will happen, kiddo.”
Her mother calls Cara a feisty, petite powerhouse with big marble eyes and long eyelashes and a funny wit to match. She's a naturally gifted athlete, singer and dancer, but her parents feel that her seizures have kept her from reaching her full potential.
They long for the day when the seizures are gone. The parents said they have paid $24,000 for insurance with Aetna this year. They're determined to get Cara laser ablation surgery with or without the insurance company's help. They will appeal Aetna's latest rejection — but they're not optimistic.
In preparation, they've begun exploring raiding their retirement funds to pay the $300,000 out of pocket. “Cara is worth every penny, but man,” her mom said. ” ‘Screw Aetna,' indeed, to quote my kid.”
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Mookie Betts homered twice and Xander Bogaerts had three RBIs to help the Boston Red Sox beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7-3 on Wednesday night.
Betts had four hits and drove in three to lead an offensive barrage off Phillies starter Jeremy Hellickson (5-5). Boston tagged him for six runs on nine hits in just five innings.
Betts led off the game with a single, had an RBI double in the second, but his biggest hit was a solo home run, his 10th of the season, in the fourth inning after the Phillies had scored three runs to close within 5-3.
He had a chance to get the cycle in the ninth inning, but instead of a triple connected for home run No. 11 to put the game out of reach. It was his eighth career multi-homer game.
Betts was dazzling defensively as well, and made a stellar diving catch in right field to rob Howie Kendrick of a hit in the fifth inning.
Jade Christiansen was born with no hip joints. The 15-year-old's legs are shortened. Her feet are where her knees should be so she can't ride a bicycle.
But she can ride a modified tricycle; she uses her arms and hands to operate pedals that are built into a steering column.
"It's really cool. It's kinda fun," she said.
Jade's tricycle came from Imua Kakou Trykes. The non-profit donates them free of charge to youngsters with physical or mental challenges, after they pass an evaluation.
Sandie Wood is a retired physical therapist and president of Imua Kakou Trykes. She said the trykes increase mobility and enable these children to exercise.
"It gives a child some independence. We can take a child who is in a wheelchair, not walking, and get them on a bike and help them to move," she said.
The nonprofit started three years ago and is affiliated with a national organization called AMBUCS (Creating Mobility & Independence for People with Disabiliteis). Imua Kakou Trykes has given away 40 trykes to special needs children in Hawaii.
Seven-year-old James Christiansen's brain injury limits his body control. He's able to ride a tryke that was adapted to his condition.
Dana Christiansen and her husband adopted James and Jade.
"To see them on bikes and moving like normal kids is something special for us," she said.
Parts for the trykes come from the mainland. The non-profit assembles and customizes them. And demand is growing.
Imua Kakou Trykes just started modifying models for adults, but it needs contributions to buy more so adults and kids can have what Jade and James finally have -- pedal power.
"It's more than exercise," Jade said. "It's confidence."
To find out more about Imua Kakou Trykes, click here.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone has hired former North Hempstead Supervisor Jon Kaiman as a top aide who will lead a state-mandated push to consolidate county, town and village services.
Kaiman, a Democrat who ran unsuccessfully for Congress in the Third District last year and once led the Nassau Interim Finance Authority, will head Suffolk's intergovernmental affairs and communications team, administration officials said Monday.
Kaiman will make $178,733 a year. He replaces Jon Schneider, who left his $175,282-a-year job in February to head communications for LIU Post.
Kaiman will start with the county later this month when he steps down as president of Arden Claims Service, a Port Washington company that administers negotiated or court-ordered settlements, an administration spokesman said.
Sources said Kaiman had requested an opinion from the Suffolk County officials about whether he could do outside consulting while working for the county. No opinion was issued.
Bellone spokesman Jason Elan said Kaiman would “not be getting outside compensation from” Arden after he leaves the firm. Elan declined to say whether Kaiman would seek other compensation while working for the county.
Martin Scheinman, an arbitrator and mediator who owns Arden, said he hired Kaiman in October after Kaiman's unsuccessful congressional run. “We were surprised by this development but we wish him well and we are glad he'll be of help to Steve Bellone,” Scheinman said of Kaiman's new job in Suffolk.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Kaiman will lead the “Shared Services” initiative for the county. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo is promoting the plan, in which county executives statewide will place cost-saving plans before voters in November.
Kaiman referred all questions to the county executive's office. But in a statement, he said, “As a former Town Supervisor on Long Island, I look forward to working with local officials in a manner that is meaningful and helpful to them to make government more efficient, less costly and ultimately work better for all the people we serve.”
Bellone in a statement called Kaiman “a natural leader and public servant with a proven track record of getting the job done.”
Kaiman, an attorney and a former Nassau County District Court Judge, was appointed by Cuomo in 2013 as storm recovery czar for Long Island after superstorm Sandy under the New York Rising Community Reconstruction Program.
Legis. Kevin McCaffrey (R-Lindenhurst), the GOP caucus leader, worked with Kaiman on the storm recovery.
“He clearly took the brunt of all the criticism, because he was the face of New York Rising on Long Island. Whether he deserved that or not is anybody's guess,” McCaffrey said.
Legis. Robert Calarco (D-Patchogue), deputy presiding officer, said Kaiman always was “helpful and responsive to me and my constituents whenever we reached out to him. It was a complicated and convoluted process. Until Jon came on, it was very difficult.”
Bellone has recently looked outside of Suffolk County to fill high-profile positions. Elan had worked for North Hempstead before working for the Cuomo administration. Assistant Police Commissioner Justin Meyers, who had previously been Bellone's government spokesman and campaign spokesman, also previously worked in North Hempstead.
Former Oakland Raiders offensive tackle Marshall Newhouse, right, trips over Miami Dolphins middle linebacker Kiko Alonso and fumbles the ball during a game on Nov. 5, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla. Lynne Sladky AP Photo
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Christmas is just round the corner which means the moment we've all been waiting for since January is finally here... decorating our homes with all the lights, foliage and figurines that we can possibly fit in.
But you don't have to spend a fortune to make your home festive this year, with our cheap Christmas decorations guide from the likes of Argos, B&Q, Tesco, Homebase and Wilkos.
There's also inspiration for your Christmas tree decor, whether your colour scheme this year is red, white, purple, plus where to get the tree itself from.
Decorating the house can often be a minefield, so we created a guide to help you find the best seasonal offerings from all your favourite stores for less.
Christmas trees
Where to buy real Christmas trees?
John Lewis are selling Nordmann Fir trees for between £65 and £85, depending on what size you want.
Wowcher are, as per usual, offering a huge discount off Nordmann Fir trees, which usually cost £44.95 for a four to five foot real version and are now £19.
If you're after a six foot tree instead, they're up for £29 each, or £39 for a seven foot wonder.
Where to buy artificial Christmas trees?
Argos never disappoints when it comes to household goods, their current range of fake Christmas foliage includes "snow covered", "royal spruce", "white" and even "pencil".
Top picks include a 5ft one for £10.99 (£2 cheaper than usual), or a 6ft one with berries and cones for £29.99, which also has a saving of £2.
All the Christmas bits at Argos are also currently on 3 for 2 if you're stocking up on a whole new batch of decor.
M&S are offering 6ft winter berry Christmas trees for £65 a pop, although there is currently a 3 for 2 deals on everything, if you're after more than one festive feature.
Order your real Christmas tree from Homebase, the DIY store well-known for their home products and garden equipment.
The retailer's real Christmas tree range comes in a variety of shapes, sizes and prices. The cheapest we've spotted online is this 1.5-2ft Living Blue Spruce tree for £15. We're also big fans of the £35 Living Norway Spruce, the traditional style Christmas tree whose pine smell will fill your house with the festive scent.
Unfortunately the real tree range cannot be reserved online and can only be purchased from store.
Very also have a range of trees up for grabs this year, with their shining star for 2017 being this so-called regal green fir tree for £44.99 - £15 cheaper than it was previously on sale for.
Where to buy pre-lit Christmas trees?
George at Asda are selling a pre-lit willow twig tree for £25 (was £45), but if you want something really out there, we spied some very unique looking pre-lit trees on Very, such as a green, cartoon-esque 3D tree for £29.99 (was £49.99), a twig one for £37.99 (was £59.99) or a red berry one for £51.99 (was £79.99).
There's 20% off selected trees at John Lewis right now, such as this super interesting, pre-lit 9ft "parasol tree", now £120 or this copper twig tree for £85 (was £125).
Christmas decorations
Now you've chosen your tree, it's time to decorate it. Picking your colour scheme is often just as important as the tree itself, so we compiled a few sets which might take your fancy...
Red Christmas Decorations
If you're thinking of dressing your tree in the same colour of Santa this Christmas, Wilko have a huge, 34 pieces starry night Christmas bauble pack for half the price than it originally was, now £4 rather than £8.
Poundland is always a good shout, with an array of different decoration sets for - you guessed it - £5.
White Christmas Decorations
If white is your chosen theme this year, these Asda have a great range of baubles available online. Supermarkets aren't only for your Christmas dinner, and their range is just as good as their competitors. For an elegant and stylish white option, try these beautiful lace baubles.
Purple Christmas Decorations
Closely associated with royalty and luxury, purple decor on your tree is warm yet stylish. Argos have already begun the clearance sale on theirs - and there are still plenty of decent options left. We love this 48 piece berry bauble pack for £5.99 - just one of Argos' many half price Christmas tree decoration offers.
Aptly named Christmas Trees and Lights has lots of offers on its stock, for example, their colour changing crystal pine cone garland, now £14.99.
Retro and Novelty Christmas Decorations
If you aren't feeling the classic route for your Christmas tree theme this year, there's a range of options in many stores for more, unique-style decor.
If you're looking for a more unique Christmas tree vibe this season, retro is back in. Colour your tree with as many exciting shapes as possible, such as these hanging mushroom decorations from Ikea.
Tesco also do some glass animal face decorations, where you get six for £10, or a singular golden glitter leaf, for £1.50.
Alternative Christmas decorations
Decorations aren't just decorations any more, they now come with gifts. If you're looking to splash the cash on a few festive treats, look no further than these offerings, which are worth every penny.
Edible Christmas Tree decorations
Because if you can't eat your decorations at Christmas, when can you?
Mr Stanley's Bauble with Chocolate coins, £13.57 for three
What's in it: A beautiful retro tin in a festive red hue, filled with luxurious Belgian chocolate coins.
What's in it: A transparent bauble filled with either mini Christmas trees or snowflakes, for an enjoyable sweet treat.
What's in it: A pretty three-pack box contains giant, clear tea baubles that each contain eight silk tea bags of Bluebird Tea's award-winning Christmas tea blends, Snowball, Christmas Cake and Gingerbread Chai.
Beauty Decorations
There's also beauty decorations to accessorise your tree with, which all include a little extra gift come Christmas Day.
What's in it: A very handy kit – it has a 15ml hand sanitiser and hand cream inside, both in a ylang ylang and vanilla scent.
Alcoholic Christmas Tree Decorations
To adults, Christmas is mostly associated with one thing: alcohol. So it only seems right that you decorate your tree accordingly.
If coconut is more your thing, then we've got you covered too! Sip from this cute little bottle of Malibu on the big day, or post your last minute Christmas shopping on the 24th.
Outdoor Christmas Decorations
If there's no more room left inside your house, there's only one thing for it: start putting the decor outside!
Inflatable Christmas figures have long been a family favourite, and Christmas Trees and Lights are currently offering big discounts on theirs. their 6ft inflatable snowman is now only £44.99 (reduced from £69.99), plus there's 5% off your first order if you join their newsletter.
Spread the Christmas cheer round your whole neighbourhood with their array of festive decor for pretty much everywhere...
Ideal for the outdoors (although also perfectly suited for indoors too!) these light-up candy canes from Argos are just £11.99, and can line the path leading up to your front door, just in case Santa gets lost! He will probably have had a lot of whisky after all...
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — On Monday, Griveaux told Public Senat news outlet that Sputnik and RT "fully controlled by the Russian government, have been slandering some candidates for several months, namely, Emmanuel Macron, while sparing the others, Marine Le Pen and Francois Fillon, in particular."
"This is another false accusation from Mr Macron's party which constitutes a slanderous attempt at spinning public opinion. Sputnik is confident that our audience trusts the quality of our journalism; which they can check for themselves by visiting the Sputnik France website and tuning in to Sputnik Radio," the news agency said in a press release.
Also on Monday, another Macron ally, Richard Ferrand, the general secretary of En Marche! party, said that Sputnik and RT outlets "spread fake news" , which are later "used, quoted and influence our democratic life."
On Wednesday, commenting on Ferrand's claims Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that Macron's ally was spreading fake news himself by accusing Sputnik of fabrication. The Kremlin has also reacted to claims made by Macron's ally, with Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov calling these accusations "absurd."
For millennials trying to save and invest, these Wharton MBAs show the way
For millennials trying to save and invest, these Wharton MBAs show the way Mar 16
Erin Arvedlund writes a weekly column for the Inquirer on investing and personal finance. Her first book was Too Good to Be True: The Rise and Fall of Bernie Madoff (Penguin).
He just helped win a Super Bowl, so Eagles special teams captain Chris Maragos has no plans to retire any time soon.
But when he does, he'll be joining the finance industry with teammate Jordan Hicks and former teammate Trey Burton, who together this month launched TopTier Wealth Management.
Star NFL players have long traded fame and fortune for television gigs, endorsements, and franchise business deals – and Maragos wants to be able to mentor players so they don't lose those winnings.
“So many sales and finance types prey on NFL players. I want them to know they've already won the golden ticket as an NFL player. With that money, you no longer need to swing for the fences. Be conservative and preserve your principal,” said the 31-year-old Maragos.
What drove him and his partners to set up TopTier? Fees.
“I played my first NFL season in 2010 when I was 23, and suddenly I was in the top tax bracket. I heard a lot about 401(k)s, bonds, and stocks. But I just left college and didn't know much. For me, that was frustrating. And I was paying high fees of around 2 percent a year” in the past, said Maragos, who declined to name which Wall Street firm handled his investments.
His high school best friend, Mike Brusko, 31, with whom Maragos grew up in Racine, Wis., worked for Milwaukee-based Heartland Advisors in institutional sales. He reviewed Maragos' portfolios from time to time and noticed his friend was paying fees on top of fees, so instead, they formed their own firm with Brusko as portfolio manager and Austin Nelson, a certified financial planner.
For a minimum $500,000 investment, you can have your money managed by TopTier, which aims to handle finances for a dozen or so NFL players, Burton, Hicks and Maragos, and about 80 other players and families. They declined to say how much in assets TopTier is managing.
They set up TopTier because Maragos, who lives in South Philadelphia with his wife and three young children, always felt uncomfortable with the big firms running his money and pitching NFL players on expensive investments.
After he retires from football, Maragos hopes one day to pass the securities and investment adviser exam and get his Series 66 license, enabling him to sell stocks and bonds and be an investment adviser.
For now, “I'll be the player liaison and help mentor other young players who need the same kind of conservative, comprehensive financial advice. Trey and Jordan and I will be the built-in mentors for other players as well.”
Currently, TopTier Wealth Management is launching with roughly a dozen families and will be based in Grand Rapids, Mich., but could potentially open an office in Philadelphia, Brusko said.
What will NFL players and outside investors get for their fees? An overall financial plan, including investments, as well as oversight of their NFL retirement plan and second-career help.
What about fees? Brusko said TopTier will charge 1 percent annually up to the first $3 million ($500,000 minimum investment) with lower fees above that. That doesn't include fees charged by the underlying funds, which should total an additional 0.30 to 0.40 percent, Brusko said.
“That's very competitive with the rest of the market,” he added. He predicts the portfolios will be invested mostly in actively-managed mutual funds and ETFs such as those run by WisdomTree and other low-cost options. TopTier will custody client assets with TD Ameritrade.
What kind of financial scams does Maragos encounter in the NFL?
“For players, the biggest thing is fees. They're unaware of the fees associated with financial products. They're sold life insurance, and they don't realize the broker or the planner gets a $50,000 trailing fee. They don't know about conflicts of interest with their financial adviser actually being a broker. That's why we're opening a flat-fee, fee-only management firm.”
In the locker room, “I'd hear about a lot of the extravagant ideas players are exposed to – the car wash, the family friend's new digital app – and the things they're asked to invest in, but a lot of those are not winners. We want to preserve capital and maximize upside while protecting downside,” Maragos said.
Pro athletes will always be targets. Just last year, Michael Rowan, an adviser in North Carolina, went to prison for stealing $2.9 million from NFL players including Jason Pierre-Paul, Fabian Washington, and Michael Jenkins, Jr. Rowan signed many of his pro athlete clients when they were still in college.
Burton, Hicks and Maragos all have skin in the game, as they're owners in the new firm and will have all their assets run by TopTier. Maragos and Hicks still play for the Eagles, while Burton recently moved to the Chicago Bears.
“I feel really fortunate to have played for nine years and won a Super Bowl,” Maragos said. “So many people have helped me along the way, and my wife and I feel we've made enough to say, ‘How can we give back?' This is how we're trying to help give back.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
IT's too late.
That's the finding of a new study into the rate of glacier ice loss.
The iconic Himalayas and the Rockies are going to be devastated. Nothing can be done to stop glaciers from melting over the next 100 years.
Even if we halted all carbon emissions today.
“Due to the slow reaction of glaciers to climate change, our behaviour has a massive impact beyond the 21st century: In the long run, five hundred meters by car with a mid-range vehicle will cost one kilogram of glacier ice,” researchers say.
Specialists from the Institute of Geography at the University of Bremen and the Institute of Atmospheric and Cryospheric Sciences at the University of Innsbruck have been calculating the results of successfully complying with the Paris Agreement — the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
The one US President Trump has withdrawn from.
They have determined it will have no significant slowing effect of glacier mass loss over the next 100 years. But what we do now can stop things getting worse — much worse — beyond that.
Camera Icon This arch of ice formed at the tip of the Perito Moreno, between the glacier and the shore of Argentino lake, has started collapsing into the water. Picture: AFP
CAUSE AND EFFECT
It all comes down to one simple equation.
One kilogram of carbon dioxide emissions results in enough heat being retained in the atmosphere for 15kg of glacier ice to melt.
Extrapolated down to the level of an average family car, that's 1kg of ice for every 500 meters driven.
A similar result was found by a 2016 Science study which found that, for every tonne of CO2 emitted into the atmosphere, summer sea ice cover in the Arctic shrinks by three square metres.
“Glaciers react slowly to climatic changes,” says Ben Marzeion of the University of Bremen.
RELATED: Antarctica's glaciers are on the run
“If, for example, we wanted to preserve the current volume of glacial ice, we would have to reach a temperature level from pre-industrial times, which is obviously not possible.”
He says it is past greenhouse emissions that have triggered the greenhouse gas changes we are currently experiencing.
Likewise, what we do now will affect our long-term future.
“Around 36 per cent of the ice still stored in glaciers today would melt even without further emissions of greenhouse gases,” he says. “That means: more than a third of the glacier ice that still exists today in mountain glaciers can no longer be saved even with the most ambitious measures.”
Camera Icon Tourists explore the Athabasca Glacier in the Canadian Rockies. This is just one of many glaciers already doomed to evaporate. Picture: Supplied
BOILING IT ALL DOWN
The researchers say they strove to come up with a way of making the consequences of modern behaviour on our future tangible.
“Calculated on the basis of an average car newly registered in Germany in 2016, this means that one kilogram of glacier ice is lost every five hundred meters by car,” Marzeion says.
He told climate blog CarbonBrief that continued warming could see many famous landscapes — such as the Himalayas and Canadian Rockies, to lose most of their glaciers by the end of the century.
DELVE DEEPER: The future of these two glaciers will determine our fate
“If you take an ice cube from the fridge — i.e. from one climate — to the kitchen table — i.e. a new climate — it will, finally, but not instantaneously, melt,” he wrote. “The time it takes to fully melt the cube depends on: a) the size of the cube; and b) the temperature in your kitchen.”
The researchers say the impact of the carbon emissions already made will not be fully felt by the climate for up to 200 years. “After about 500 years, the adjustment will be more or less complete,” they wrote.
The study has been published in the science journal Nature Climate Change.
Washington • Americans cut spending at gasoline stations, department stores and electronics shops in May as retail sales registered their biggest drop in 16 months, a cautionary sign for the economy.
The Commerce Department said Wednesday that retail sales dropped 0.3 percent, the first decline since February and the sharpest since a 1 percent decrease in January 2016. Economists had expected sales to increase slightly in May after rising 0.4 percent in April.
Over the past year, retail sales have risen a solid 3.8 percent.
Last month, sales fell 2.8 percent at electronics stores, the biggest such drop since March 2016. They fell 2.4 percent at gasoline stations and 1 percent at department stores, which have struggled with competition from online retailers.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Residents say lessons must be learned following criticism of Cambridge's new Station Square as it emerged the same developers are also behind plans for a new business district near Cambridge North.
Brookgate, the developers behind the CB1 development near Cambridge railway station, have been the subject of discussion this week, with residents voicing criticism of the architecture, design, and lay-out of the new Station Square.
The firm is set to develop a new “business district” near Cambridge's newest railway station, Cambridge North, which opened in May. The new district will include an “urban residential quarter” close to the station and a 1,000,000 sqft business park, hotel, retail sector, station square, and public space.
Nicky Massey lives near the CB1 development. She says there were many problems with Brookgate's development, and hopes lessons will be learned in time for the new development in CB4.
“The criticism is that the area around the station looks generic,” Mrs Massey said. “There is nothing special about it, nothing to say you are in Cambridge. My concern would be they will use the same methods at CB4, with generic spaces and square buildings.
“I am hoping they will realise people want something different. People want signs they are in Cambridge, and they want better transport links and better signage.
“I think the public square at the current station needs improving. You can only sit outside and watch the taxi rank. I hope they will learn the lessons from it, but I don't think they are going to.”
Brookgate say they are still working up detailed proposals for the area, and that they hope to be able to “unlock the north eastern fringe of Cambridge”.
A spokeswoman for the company said: “Brookgate is working in partnership with Network Rail as their appointed development partner on proposals to redevelop the former Chesterton Sidings in Cambridge.
“The plans, known as CB4, will create a major mixed use development, including offices, housing, retail and community use, alongside the new rail station and transport interchange, providing links to routes for cyclists, pedestrians and bus users.
“Brookgate is working up detailed proposals which will be submitted to South Cambridgeshire District Council in the coming weeks and is confident in delivering a transformative scheme that will open up the potential of the area and unlock the north eastern fringe of Cambridge.”
Mrs Massey said usable public spaces were a must to foster a coherent community, and that Brookgate would need to design in well thought-out public spaces to ensure CB4 did not suffer the same issues affecting CB1.
Mrs Massey said: “We need public spaces people can use. They still have not finished the green spaces at CB1. They'll need to deal with the extra traffic and the taxis coming to pick people up and drop them off.”
Rossett Acre School is one of the first schools in the UK to have been selected to take part in the international Girls4Tech initiative from Mastercard company Vocalink.
The Girls4Tech curriculum gives students an exclusive opportunity to see what happens behind the scenes at one of the largest companies in the world.
The course brings the four STEM subject areas to life through two hours of hands-on activities that draw on the fast evolving, world of payments technology including fraud detection, biometrics, data analysis and the importance of algorithms and encryption.
Kirsty Owen, an employee from Vocalink said: “Our aim was to spark curiosity among the students about the huge range of exciting career opportunities available today made possible by the advances in payments technology.”
She added: “From detective work in the area of fraud detection to biometrics and security, the Girls4Tech programme is designed to show students that it takes all kinds of interests and skills to fulfil a modern-day career, and especially in today's digital world where payments technology is a dynamic, vibrant and exciting area of global business.”
The Girls4Tech initiative united about 20 of Vocalink's employee volunteers with Rossett Acre School students for an afternoon.
The curriculum included three exciting and engaging modules that showcased the career opportunities that exist in the world of payments technology through real examples and hands-on training.
New Delhi: On 14th August 1990, Sachin Tendulkar scored his first Test a hundred and announced his arrival in the international cricket arena.
Tendulkar can be easily credited for putting India's name on world cricket map with his explosive batting.
Exactly 27 years ago, the Master Blaster notched up an unbeaten 119 against England in Manchester.
Today
in 1948: Don Bradman in his final Test inns bowled for a duck @ The Oval
1990: Sachin Tendulkar made his maiden Test 100 @ Manchester. pic.twitter.com/gG6w3ODlYY — Mohandas Menon (@mohanstatsman) August 14, 2017
In the process he became the youngest Indian cricketer to score a ton in Test cricket at 17 years and 107 days.
Batting first, the hosts accumulated 519 runs riding on hundreds from Graham Gooch, Michael Atherton and Robin Smith.
India's run chase started on a rather disappointing note as the visitors lost Ravi Shastri and Navjot Singh Sidhu cheaply.
It was the partnership between Mohammad Azharuddin (179) and Sanjay Manjrekar (93) that provided India with some resistance as they managed to score 432 in first innings.
In the second innings Allan Lamb's 109 helped England post 320/4 (D).
India were in a spot of bother while chasing a target of over 400 runs in the second after they lost wickets at regular intervals. But a knock of 119 runs guided India to end the match in a draw.
Tendulkar eventually went on to score a total of 100 hundreds in his international career. His individual the best Test score was 248 not out which he scored against Bangladesh in 2004 in Dhaka while he became the first cricketer to smash a double ton in ODI format.
Tendulkar scored 200 not out against South Africa in 2010 in Gwalior.
In 1948 on this day, Sir Don Bradman was dismissed for a duck at the Oval in his last innings.
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union's parliament is set to approve a landmark trade deal with Canada, with the bloc's executive extolling the pact as a sign of international cooperation at a time when many political forces, including U.S. President Donald Trump's administration, are trying to halt globalization.
Hundreds of protesters were outside the EU parliament building in Strasbourg, France, arguing Tuesday that instead of growth and jobs, such a deal will erode the bloc's environmental, labor and consumer standards.
EU trade chief Cecilia Malmstrom tried to assuage concerns that the deal uniting the markets of 500 million Europeans with 35 million Canadians would cut into the independence of EU decision-making. She said it “will not change food safety standards or any other EU requirements, only the EU institutions can do that.”
The vote for a major trade agreement comes at a time when populist parties in Europe and Trump in the U.S. have been looking increasingly inwards, thwarting a trade deal with Pacific countries and floating the idea of tariffs on imports.
“With President Trump in the White House we see a clear change in U.S. policy,” said liberal ALDE legislator Marietje Schaake. “Leadership for open economies and societies must come from us in Europe.”
“We cannot imagine a better partner than Canada, the most European country outside the union,” she said.
Three of the four major groups in parliament are backing the deal — the EPP Christian Democrats, the ECR Conservatives and the ALDE liberals.
Confident the deal would pass, Canadian International Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne was already in Strasbourg and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is set to address the legislature on Thursday.
Trade between the EU and Canada amounts to more than 60 billion euros ($63 billion) a year, and the EU expects the so-called CETA deal to boost this by 20 percent by removing almost all tariffs.
Outside the legislature, the concerns were palpable among demonstrators.
“What will happen is more and more deregulation, less social protection for citizens, for small companies, for independent workers,” said Maika Fernandes, who had traveled from Alicante, southern Spain. “No one will be able to compete with the multinationals. It will be a financial Europe that will favor only big multinationals.”
___
AP video journalist Oleg Cetinic contributed from Strasbourg, France.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
What better way to make the most of time off with your loved ones than playing games together.
Or if your family and friends are boardgame lovers - why not treat them to a thoughtful and fun Christmas present.
From the classics to more modern games, our collection is guaranteed to keep you enthralled.
But with a daunting variety of board games available, it's not always easy to narrow down your search.
Here we look at the bestselling and highest-rated gifts ideas to keep any gamer on their toes.
Traditional games
Cards Against Humanity: UK edition
Cards Against Humanity is a party game for horrible people.
Unlike most of the party games you've played, Cards Against Humanity is as despicable and awkward as you and your friends.
The game is simple. Each round, one player asks a question from a Black Card, and everyone else answers with their funniest White Card.
Price : £20 + free UK delivery
Retailer : Amazon
Monopoly
Own it all as a high-flying trader in the fast-paced world of real estate.
Tour the city for the hottest properties: streets, stations and utilities are all up for grabs.
Invest in houses and hotels, then watch the rent come pouring in.
Make deals with other players and look out for bargains at auction-there are many ways to get what you want.
And for really fast dealers, use the speed die for a quick and intense game of Monopoly.
So get on GO and trade your way to success.
Price : £19.99 + free UK delivery
Retailer : Amazon
Scrabble
Scrabble is a classic battle of wits and words where every letter counts.
Designed for two to four players, in Scrabble you make the best word you can use any of your seven letter tiles drawn at random.
Your word must use a letter tile already in play on the board, and scores are given for letter values and boosted by premium squares on the grid.
Create new connections and bring letters and people together.
Price : £14.53 (RRP: £19.99) + free UK delivery
Retailer : Amazon
Ludo
Enjoy the traditional family game that is Ludo.
This game can be played by two, three or four players. Each player takes four pieces of one colour and places them on the designated corner.
Players move their pieces by throwing the dice. The player whose four pieces arrive home first is the winner.
Players take turns to throw the dice. Only until a player throws a six, he can take one piece from the starting base and place it on the first square.
Once the piece is out of the starting base, the player can advance the piece along the indicated direction until it reaches home.
Price : £6.99 + free UK delivery
Retailer : Amazon
Kid games
Pop-Up Pirate
With the Pop-Up Pirate game, children can take it in turns to slide swords into the barrel.
Slip it into the wrong slot and out jumps Jolly Roger. Losers walk the plank.
Great children's game for 2-4 players.
Price : £9.99 + free click and collect
Retailer : Toys R Us
Twister
Get moving with Twister.
It's the on-the-floor party game where the spinner calls the shots and you make the moves.
The classic Twister spots and laugh-out-loud action will have you and your friends tangled up in fun in no time.
Twister features all the commands you know and love, and now includes the Air and Spinner's Choice commands for even more twisted fun.
Price : £12.99
Retailer : Toys R Us
Guess Who?
It's the flip n' find face guessing game you know and love, with more choices than ever.
Set up and play in seconds. Narrow down your guesses with yes or no questions like, “Do you have brown eyes?” or “Are you wearing a hat?”
Once you have the answer, make your guess.
Use the two character sheets included or go online to download even more characters. Then slide the sheet of characters into the game tray and guess away.
Price : £14.99 + free UK delivery
Retailer : Amazon
Peppa Pig Monopoly Junior Board Game
(Image: Argos)
Enjoy the classic trading game with this new edition for little ones - Peppa Pig Monopoly.
It is the perfect game for any Peppa Pig fan. Fun for children and beginners alike.
Price : £16.99
Retailer : Argos
Family games
Pictionary
It's always a night of big laughs when you and your friends get together to find out who's secretly an artist (and who really, really isn't). It's a family favourite - for adults and kids.
Pictionary, the beloved board game of quick sketches and hilarious guesses now features a new board for faster game play.
And there are two levels of clues (1200 Adult, 800 Junior) so that everyone can play.
For two to four players.
Price : £22.99
Retailer : Amazon
TV Show games
The Million Pound Drop
With it's table, money bundles and tap-open trap doors, this exciting game recreates the hit TV show to perfection.
With it's sturdy slot-together trap doors, players can recreate the excitement of picking the right answer and the frustration of watching their cash disappear.
Price : £21.96 (was £24.99)
Retailer : Amazon
Pointless
The game where the least likely answer is the best answer.
A New Edition, with all new questions, based on the witty and compelling BBC TV quiz show.
This game brings all the best features straight from the television studio to your living room.
Suitable for two or more players.
Price : £12.99
Retailer : Argos
Sherlock Cluedo
The enigmatic series Sherlock retells the tale of England's most celebrated detective - and now Sherlock Holmes and John Watson's adventures in 21st Century London are the centrepiece for their own version of the classic game of Cluedo.
Price : £27.99 + free delivery
Retailer : Argos
Pass the Bomb
For about 30 nail-biting minutes, players nerves are tested to the limit by the threat of the ticking bomb.
Players must shout out a word that contains the letters on the card and pass the bomb before it 'explodes'.
The game starts when one of the cards is turned over and reveals between two and four letters.
The die is rolled to determine whether the letters that are on the card has to be at the beginning or end of the word, or no restriction (meaning they can appear anywhere in the word).
Even those who boast the largest vocabularies suddenly find their minds go completely blank as the bomb ticks away.
Once the player has stated a word, they pass the bomb to the next player.
The timer on the bomb is variable and will 'explode' somewhere over ten seconds but less than 60 seconds.
The player holding the bomb when it explodes has to keep the card for that round and the player with the fewest cards at the end of the 13th round wins the game.
While creative spelling of the words in question can be frowned upon, it's up to the player next to you to determine your fate.
Price : £14.53 (RRP: £20.99) + free UK delivery
Retailer : Amazon
Christmas party adult games
Drink Your Words drinking game
(Image: GETTINGPERSONAL.CO.UK)
The fun adult game is for two or more players. Inside, it includes mouthpieces, shot glasses, an egg timer, and a notepad and pencil.
Divided into teams, you have to guess what your fellow player is trying to say before the timer runs out. If it runs out, drink a shot! It's the perfect Christmas party game!
Price: £12.99
Retailer: GETTINGPERSONAL.CO.UK
Solid Snakes and Staggered drinking game
(Image: eBay)
Turn the traditional snakes and ladders game into a boozy one. Complete with six shot glasses, dice and a board you drink as you play the board.
Price: £11.77 + free postage
Retailer: eBay
Who AM I? guessing game
This fun guessing game is the perfect entertainment for a work Christmas party or family get together. It is guaranteed to provide plenty of giggles when your boss looks like a gorilla and he's shouting 'Am I a pig?'.
Price: £6 + free click & collect
Retailer: eBay
Gin Pong drinking game
(Image: eBay)
Get the Christmas party started with a touch of class this year. Perfect for gin loves as a secret santa gift too!
Price: £12.95 + free postage
Retailer: eBay
Shot Spinner
(Image: Prezzy Box)
Who doesn't want to get their work collegaues doing shots at the office party? A drinking game for as many people as you can fit in a circle is ideal.
Price: £5.99
Retailer: Prezzy Box
Christmas dinner party games
Sprout Roulette
This board game is a fun and chocolaty rendition of roulette. Suitable for vegetarians and with six nasty,and six tasty flavours, it is sure to be a thrilling challenge for all party guests.
Price: £2.99 (Was £4.99)
Retailer: Lakeland
Stuff The Turkey
(Image: Qwerkity)
This festive game is tailored to the whole family and sure to have everyone laughing this Christmas when everyone is fighting to be the first person to shove their sprout up the turkey's behind using only a party-blower.
Price: £9.99
Retailer: Qwerkity
Christmas Trivia table game
It's not really Christmas if there hasn't been trivia cards played! The festive-themed game is perfect for family fun around the dinner table.
Price: £9
Retailer: Not On The High Street
Talking Tables Peel The Sprout Wonderball
(Image: John Lewis)
Unravel 25 layers of Peel the Sprout and discover festive trinkets as well as fact-filled trivia. A family friendly game perfect for keeping everyone entertained over the Christmas period.
Contains: 13 cracker toys, 12 jokes or trivia facts and 4 paper crowns.
Price: £10
Retailer: John Lewis
Congrats are in order for songstress LeToya Luckett!
The ‘Destiny's Child' alum wed beau Tommicus Walker over the weekend. The couple exchanged vows Sunday evening in a luxurious ceremony in Austin, Texas.
The bride wore a custom Vera Wang gown down the aisle, as singer Tank serenaded the audience with his rendition of ‘At Last.'
Congratulations to LeToya Luckett & Her Husband They Got Married Yesterday #LetoyaLuckett A post shared by ♡ Ebony Hill ♡ (@ebony1126) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:00am PST
Attendees of the ceremony captured Luckett and her new hubby getting down at the reception:
Luckett & Walker's whirlwind romance was kept from the public eye until about three months ago when the ‘Back To Life' singer flashed her sparkly engagement ring on Instagram, prompting fans to question ‘who is this new mystery fiance?'
Omg my sister is engaged!!! @letoyaluckett Congratulations #ThatsAGoodManSavannah 😃💎 A post shared by bryonjavar (@bryonjavar) on Aug 16, 2017 at 8:16pm PDT
Days later, Luckett revealed their love story in an exclusive to Essence Magazine, telling the publication she and Tommicus Walker met after a prophetic word from Pastor John Gray saying, ‘her husband is on his way.'
After being introduced by friends, the pair spoke for weeks over the phone without ever seeing a photo of the other and bonded through conversation and their love of God.
Once they met in person, it was all fireworks from there.
Congrats to the couple!
SOURCE: Essence Magazine
RELATED LINKS
LeToya Luckett Opens Up About Finding Love Again: “He Sees Me”
In Kontrol: LeToya Luckett Sparkles For Magazine Cover
Rob Hill, Sr., Opens Up About His Breakup With LeToya Luckett
© The Free Thought Project
Problem: Insane criminals with guns
Insane criminals with guns Reaction: "Take our guns! Keep us safe!"
"Take our guns! Keep us safe!" Solution: Foster the corporate police state at the expense of personal liberty.
Casinos and entertainment venues are going to have to take a more holistic approach to security, thinking about rooftops and other potential shooting - considering the possibilities for an attack from all angles, said David Shepherd, a former FBI special agent in counterterrorism who later was the security director for Las Vegas Sands Corp.'s Venetian resort.
"We have to start thinking like the Secret Service - start looking at tall buildings," said Shepherd, who co-authored a book called "Active Shooter." "How far do we have to take it?"
One executive at another casino operator, who asked not to be identified because security matters are sensitive, said the Wynn's security check at the door is probably the industry's future because there's no other way to screen for people carrying weapons.
The corporate police state is seeing record highs in their stock prices as fear grips Americans into submitting to less freedom for the promise of security.In America, after every crisis, government reacts by stripping freedoms and rights to provide an illusion of security. This methodology is nothing new and, in fact, stems from the work of a 19th Century German philosopher Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, known as Hegelian dialectic.Hegelian dialectic usually presents itself in a threefold manner-a thesis, giving rise to its reaction, an antithesis, which contradicts or negates the thesis, and the tension between the two being resolved by means of a synthesis. In more simplistic terms, one can consider it thus;If we apply this philosophy to the Las Vegas shooting, theis that a crazy person murdered dozens of people allegedly using legally obtained firearms. Theis that people are scared and don't want others to have guns and they want to feel safe. Theas presented by those exploiting this tragedy for personal and political gain, will be to increase the police state and attempt to disarm Americans.Like a record spinning on a turntable, this scenario plays out over and over again in America-all while the citizens cheer on the creation of the police state. This cheering is bipartisan as the left cheers for the dismantling of the 2nd Amendment while the right cheers on the expansion of the police state and militarization of police.Sadly, both sides perpetually forget the very wise warning thatIndeed this warning is so tried and true that many of those paying attention are able to make predictions based on how the government will react to real or staged events. And, one internet sleuth on 4chan made some incredibly ominous predictions on the Las Vegas shooting and how it will usher in a windfall for the police state.We are not reporting what this user predicted as fact. We are only showing it because it serves to illustrate the motivation behind the problem, reaction, solution methodology of the state and their corporate partners.Several weeks ago, on 9/11, a mysterious 4chan user who went only by "John" made a series of at the time overlooked posts. He warned users to stay away from any gatherings of large groups of people in the Vegas or nearby Henderson areas. Stating that he had insider knowledge of what he referred to as a "high incident project" that was set to occur soon.The poster was ignored at the time since nothing seemed to occur on the 12.However, the fact that John wrote "I can't guarantee anything will happen tomorrow but las vegas is on their minds," seems almost frightening now that only weeks later this massive massacre took place.While these predictions can easily be written off as a broken clock being right twice a day, the next prediction he made cannot.As Squawker notes , he states this "project" will be done with an endgame goal of passing new laws in Nevada regarding casino security. Making pricey new security screening machines mandatory for all guests. With even further more ambitious plans to follow suit in our schools and other public buildings if the public goes along with the casino machines easily enough.It's not all that unreasonable even to believe that Mr. Chertoff might seek to profit from a new security panic in the wake of Vegas. Given that the man has already been accused of abusing the public trust by raising security fears among average American's in an attempt to sell his companies body scanners before, all the way back in 2010.Indeed, OSI, the company mentioned in the prediction, is already seeing record profits. On Thursday, OSI stocks reached record highs and have never seen a higher level other than immediately following the horrific attacks in Paris in November 2015. Beginning to see how this works?OSI Systems, Inc reached a near all-time high Thursday morning at $93.57Now, the "solution" of a police state, as predicted by 'John' on 4chan, is being rolled out. "Nevada will pass a law in the future making all casinos have mandatory metal detectors and backscatter machines," he predicted. However, no law was needed.As Bloomberg reports, customers waited nearly ten minutes before entering the Wynn resort in Las Vegas on Monday afternoon as guards scanned visitors with metal-detector wands and inspected their bags, creating a 10-minute wait to get inside. The new security protocol, put in place after Sunday's mass shooting nearby,, one executive told Bloomberg.While this may seem fine on the surface, the reality is that no amount of police state measures can ever prevent a deranged lunatic from killing people. Short of locking everyone in a maximum security prison, there will always be this looming-albeit extremely rare-threat.The TSA is, without a doubt, one of America's most corrupt, incompetent, and freedom stomping agencies whose ostensible job is fighting terrorism. Earlier this year, they became apparently so unsatisfied with the mere ability to strip search babies, remove colostomy bags , beat up blind cancer patients , and fondle your genitalia, that they announced a more invasive physical pat-downs. The pat-downs, which TSA warned would probably prompt assault complaints , are now happening. The TSA has never stopped a terror attack and is unable to stop 95 percent of the tests against its tactics, yet it gropes and molests children and adults alike - who unquestioningly accept it. Americans are being conditioned for a total police state and they have no idea.The problem, reaction, solution paradigm is not in the interest of freedom and only serves to enrich those who profit from tragedy and the usurpation of rights.Please share this article with your friends and family to show them how dangerous trading freedom for security can be.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The streets in Cambridge city centre where you're most likely to become a victim of a crime or watch one in progress have been revealed.
The city centre is the highest crime area in Cambridge when it comes to street-level offences ranging from disorder to violence and sex attacks.
With its cluster of pubs, bars and clubs, it is a target of police who patrol the area to tackle alcohol-related violence at night.
Around the Park Street car park and Bridge Street, 19 crimes were recorded in September, the latest figures from the Home Office show.
It publishes monthly totals of 14 street-level crimes ranging from bike theft to violence.
The closer you are to the city centre, the more likely you are to see a crime being carried out and more in danger of becoming a victim.
From in and around Green Street along Sidney Street, a total of 42 offences were reported and a further 40 around market square.
Around the Grand Arcade on the Lion Yard shopping centre side, 16 crimes were recorded and a further 41 on the John Lewis and St Andrew's street side of the shopping hub.
Around the Parkside area, there were 23 crimes and 19 in Burleigh Street as well as 20 in Fitzroy Street. In the area of the Grafton Centre from Maid's causeway to East Road, there was a total of 70 crimes recorded.
The data for September is the latest released, but the News has covered offences that have happened since then.
(Image: Keith Jones)
They include a man and woman being robbed at gunpoint by a gang as they walked in the city centre.
The woman, 19, and man, 20, were reportedly stopped by three male robbers, one of whom was on a bike, in Christ's Pieces near Drummer Street at about 1.45am on Monday (October 23).
The robbers pointed a gun at the man and demanded they hand over all of their possessions.
Police are now investigating the incident.
And a massive outbreak of disorder in Cambridge city centre forced police to bring in a dog to disperse drunken revellers.
Police dog Blade helped officers disperse a crowd of about 40 people near the Fez nightclub in Market Passage at 4.15am on November 1.
Two arrests were made and a police officer was allegedly assaulted during the dispersal process.
Should there be CCTV cameras inside our taxis?
The crowd was involved in violent behaviour and drunkenness over an hour after the nightclub closed at 3am.
And Cambridge taxi drivers were attacked in a night of violence in September.
The incident took place in the city's Market Square where a number of taxi drivers were assaulted and damage was caused to their vehicles.
The force has been behind various campaigns to crack down on crime in the city centre.
Officers have urged the public to report any suspicious activity or call 999 if a crime is in progress.
Officers are now gearing up for the festive party season by teaming up with various organisations and businesses in an attempt to keep people safe.
Inspector Paul Rogerson, based at Parkside police station, told the News: “Our night time economy plans are based on joint ownership for the safe running of the city with all the various partners, including volunteers, businesses and licence holders.
"Our patrol activity has also been informed by advice from these partners."
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Threaded by AsylumGuido 5000 POSTS! + Join Date: Sep 2007 Location: Bossier City, LA Posts: 5,122
Rating: (0 votes - average) Saints throw rookie Ryan Ramczyk in at left tackle, hope he can swim
Mike Triplett
ESPN Staff Writer
METAIRIE, La. -- Ryan Ramczyk hasn't won the New Orleans Saints' left tackle job yet. But it's not exactly a wide-open competition either.
The Saints' first-round draft pick has taken almost every snap with the first-string offense when healthy during training camp -- because, frankly, he needs every snap if he has any shot of earning the job.
"Every play. He needs every rep," said Saints offensive line coach Dan Roushar, who was blunt about where Ramczyk is in his development after playing just one year at Wisconsin, then missing almost all of OTAs and minicamp recovering from hip surgery, then missing the last week of practice and the preseason opener with an unspecified injury.
"Every day he's making progress. And I think our entire staff feels this way, we just want him to come faster than he is right now," Roushar said. "But his intent in the meeting room, his coachability has been outstanding. [If] he struggles with something, we address it, we go out and we work it, we see improvement. And that's really encouraging.
"I've been impressed with how he works. His work ethic, his toughness, really give him high marks there. We just need the daily experience for him to come along."
Ramczyk had a similar take on the situation -- knowing he hasn't earned anything yet, but believing he has the ability to do so.
"I don't know if there's enough time to say I've earned anything yet. So I've gotta keep working," Ramczyk said. "But right now, I think there's not a ton of depth at that position, so I'm kind of the next man up. So I gotta keep improving."
Ramczyk and Roushar also agreed that so far ...
Read the rest here ... Mike TriplettESPN Staff WriterMETAIRIE, La. -- Ryan Ramczyk hasn't won the New Orleans Saints' left tackle job yet. But it's not exactly a wide-open competition either.The Saints' first-round draft pick has taken almost every snap with the first-string offense when healthy during training camp -- because, frankly, he needs every snap if he has any shot of earning the job."Every play. He needs every rep," said Saints offensive line coach Dan Roushar, who was blunt about where Ramczyk is in his development after playing just one year at Wisconsin, then missing almost all of OTAs and minicamp recovering from hip surgery, then missing the last week of practice and the preseason opener with an unspecified injury."Every day he's making progress. And I think our entire staff feels this way, we just want him to come faster than he is right now," Roushar said. "But his intent in the meeting room, his coachability has been outstanding. [If] he struggles with something, we address it, we go out and we work it, we see improvement. And that's really encouraging."I've been impressed with how he works. His work ethic, his toughness, really give him high marks there. We just need the daily experience for him to come along."Ramczyk had a similar take on the situation -- knowing he hasn't earned anything yet, but believing he has the ability to do so."I don't know if there's enough time to say I've earned anything yet. So I've gotta keep working," Ramczyk said. "But right now, I think there's not a ton of depth at that position, so I'm kind of the next man up. So I gotta keep improving."Ramczyk and Roushar also agreed that so far ...
Now Playing Here Are Three Shows We're Excited to See This Fall
Vincent Piazza, best known for playing mobster Lucky Luciano for five seasons on Boardwalk Empire, is joining the Fox pilot The Passage, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
Piazza will play Clark Richards, "a brilliant, hyper-charmer with a restless energy, fierce intelligence and a dark sense of humor." He'll join a cast that includes Saved by the Bell's Mark-Paul Gosselaar, Saniyya Sidney, The Exorcist's Brianne Howey and UnReal's B.J. Britt.
The Passage is based on a bestselling trilogy of novels by Justin Cronin. It follows a woman named Amy Bellafonte (Sidney) as she fights to save the human race in a postapocalyptic America after a virus that turns people into vampire-like creatures has decimated the population.
Vincent Piazza
Fox might be hoping this turns into its answer to The Walking Dead, but since it's a Fox show, it might turn into a show about vampires who solve crimes.
Science and art came together Saturday (27 January) at the National Gallery, where Cayman's future leaders learned about our underwater environment.
The Reefs Go Live event was inspired by the Central Caribbean Marine Institute's Year of the Reef campaign. The interactive event aimed to connect participants with researchers as they study coral reefs.
“We're all very keen to ensure that our young people — the future — are equipped with this ocean literacy to ensure that we have a sustainable future going forward,” National Gallery Director Natalie Urquhart said.
CCMI has several events planned for 2018 to highlight reef research and health.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tory MP Peter Bone has raised eyebrows by tabling a 'creepy' written question in the House of Commons, asking what arrangements are in place in case Theresa May is “incapacitated.”
And it's not even the first time he's asked.
The keen Brexiteer asked Cabinet Office minister David Lidington “with whom he would plan to co-ordinate the delivery of Government objectives in the event that the Prime Minister was temporarily or permanently incapacitated.”
Constitution minister Chloe Smith answered the question, noting that in cabinet meetings the next most senior person would take charge.
But she added: “In the event of the permanent incapacity of the Prime Minister, the appointment of a new Prime Minister is a matter for Her Majesty The Queen acting under the Royal Prerogative.”
(Image: PA)
(Image: SIPA USA)
Mr Bone has asked the same question of successive Prime Ministers and their deputies a total of ten times since he was elected to the Commons in 2010.
He asked a similar question of then Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg in the Commons in 2011 and of David Cameron in writing in 2015.
Mr Bone has also repeatedly tabled Private Members' Bills which would, if passed, write a strict line of succession into British Law.
The latest version of Bone's law of succession is due for its second reading in the House of Commons in January.
Best for Britain Champion and Lib Dem MP Layla Moran said: "Peter Bone has some kind of morbid fascination with this topic, but it frankly is pretty creepy.
"We know the Prime Minister is botching Brexit and the Tory right wing are unhappy but this is silly.
"Maybe he should do the job people elected him to do rather than trying to be a tin hatted contingency planner."
Mr Bone did not respond to a request for comment.
SPORTS MAY 31, 2018
Iowa Valley edged New London for the Class 1A girls golf championship on the American Legion Course in Marshalltown. The teams tied at 740 they went to the #5 golfer, IV had a 213 while New London had a 228 total with Carlie Loyd. Casey Noble was medalist champion with 153. Other Tiger scores: Addie Pry 186, Jaden Streeter 199, Summer Malot 202 and Hanna Ortberg 284.
Class 2A was won by Van Meter, medalist champion was Morgan Weber of Dike New Hartford 148. Ruthie Jahn of Mediapolis shot a 183 total and tied for 20th in medalist play.
Class 3A was won by Washington with a score of 662, Medalist champion was Britta Snyder of Gilbert who shot a 142, Sarah Nachos of Washington finished 3rd at 158 and her younger sister Anna Nachos shot 159 for 4th.
Class 4A was won by Waukee shooting 680, West Des Moines Valley was 2nd at 711. Medalist champion was Brooke Boardman of Waukee with a 151 18 hole score.
Kelly's ratings were well below those of her predecessors Tamron Hall and Al Roker. During its first week, Kelly's show was down 12 per cent in total viewership from that time slot last year. The second week brought in 24 per cent fewer viewers, and the third week saw a 23 per cent smaller audience, according to Nielsen data obtained by Variety.
Things began turning around on Oct. 23 after Kelly delivered a pointed monologue critical of her former employer, Fox News, for its handling of sexual abuse allegations. She targeted former talk show host Bill O'Reilly, who was forced out of the network in April amid various sexual harassment allegations, as The Washington Post reported.
She railed against comments he made during a CBS News interview before his ousting. When asked about the culture of sexual harassment at Fox News, O'Reilly said he wasn't interested in having a conversation "that makes my network look bad." He also said no one ever complained about his behaviour.
"O'Reilly's suggestion that no one ever complained about his behaviour is false," Kelly said. "I know because I complained." (Kelly has previously accused the network's ousted chair Roger Ailes of sexual harassment. Ailes died in May.)
"Women everywhere are used to being dismissed, ignored or attacked when raising complaints about men in authority positions," she continued. "They stay silent so often out of fear. Fear of ending their careers. Fear of lawyers, yes. And often fear of public shaming, including through the media."
The monologue was widely praised. Vanity Fair's Emily Jane Fox noted that Kelly "brought some of her old cutthroat flair" to the show. During an interview with Kelly on "Late Night," Seth Meyers thanked her for the speech, which he called both "impassioned" and "wonderful."
Kelly addressed sexual harassment on the next several instalments of her show, discussing various powerful men accused of misconduct, including Trump, former president George H.W. Bush and NBC political analyst Mark Halperin. She also interviewed Halperin accuser Eleanor McManus, and two of the dozens of Weinstein accusers: actress Dominique Huett and former production assistant Mimi Haleyi.
Audiences responded immediately. The show's ratings jumped by 10 per cent, according to Nielsen data obtained by the Wrap. It was Kelly's best-rated week.
The show has retained this boost, drawing an average of 2.296 million viewers through most of November, the Wrap reported. While this marks an improvement for the show's ratings, it is still "historically low" for the month, according to the blog.
Jackie Levin, the show's executive producer, said the shift was in keeping with the show's goals.
"Our goal from the beginning was to present a smart, informative program that would uplift, inspire and empower," Levin told Variety in a statement. "Sexual harassment is not only dominating headlines, but is pervasive, affecting nearly half of women in the workplace, according to recent polls. Given it's a topic that Megyn also feels very strongly about, it's been a natural fit for her to cover in a way that has hopefully helped empower viewers."
When her "Today" colleague Matt Lauer was fired last month after an employee complained about "inappropriate sexual behaviour in the workplace," Kelly noted "this one does hit close to home." Then she opined about the plight of sexual harassment victims.
"When this happens, what we don't see is the pain on the faces of those who found the courage to come forward. And it is a terrifying thing to do," she said. "We don't see the career opportunities women lose because of sexual harassment or the intense stress it causes a woman dealing with it when she comes to work each day. I am thinking of those women this morning and hoping they are OK. The days to come will not be easy."
Last week, her interviews also included actress Alyssa Milano, who encouraged women to share their personal stories of sexual harassment with the hashtag #MeToo.
Kelly hasn't eliminated the lighter sequences — she recently cooked a holiday ham with Bon Appétit editor Adam Rapoport. But she weaves this kind of stories in among critiques and commentary about sexual assault.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey bus terminal in Manhattan was evacuated during the Monday morning rush hour following a possible pipe bomb explosion underneath the building, according to New York City police.
One suspect was in custody and a device — believed to be a pipe bomb — was found, police said
The suspect sustained nonlife-threatening injuries. Two others sustained minor injuries, according to the NYPD.
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available. pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017 Due to police activity following an incident, the Port Authority Bus Terminal (@PABusTerminal) is being temporarily closed by authorities.
Updates will be posted from @PANYNJ and @PABusTerminal as they become available. — Port Authority NY&NJ (@PANYNJ) December 11, 2017
A police spokesman said the blast happened shortly before 7:30 a.m. and that everyone inside was being evacuated.
The device was found underneath the Port Authority, in a subway passageway that connects Times Square to 8th Avenue, a police spokesman said.
The investigation is causing street closures and subway disruptions. Subway service was bypassing 42nd Street, according to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority website.
The terminal, located at 8th Avenue between 40th and 42nd streets, has 223 departure gates. It is the main gateway for interstate buses into Manhattan in New York City and is the largest in the United States and the busiest in the world.
Sign up to get the latest updates Get Newsday's Breaking News alerts in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
It is one of three bus terminals operated by the Port Authority. The others are the George Washington Bridge Bus Station in upper Manhattan and the Journal Square Transportation Center in Jersey City.
The bus terminal is a main hub for commuter routes, transportation to and from New Jersey and long-distance intercity routes. On an average weekday it serves about 8,000 buses and 225,000 people and more than 65 million people annually.
Included in the building, which opened in 1950, is parking and retail space.
Check back for updates on this developing story.
— With The Associated Press
SPORTS FEBRUARY 14, 2017
SPORTS FEBRUARY 14, 2017
The 4th ranked Mt. Pleasant panther boy's basketball team closed out the regular season at home last night with a hard fought win over Solon by a score of 68-54. Brady Sartorius led the Panthers with 28 points and Jordon Magnani added 14. With the win MPHS finishes the regular season with a 19-2 record and will open tournament play at home against Keokuk on Monday February 20th at 8 pm
M.P. won the JV game 67-65.
The MPHS freshman team ended their season with a 72-38 win over Solon which gave the Panthers a perfect 14-0 record. Jax Hoyle scored 17 points and Keegan Kohorst added 15.
Boy's Class 1A and 2A tournament games were played last night, KILJ-FM broadcast the Waco 48-45 win over Cardinal of Eldon in Wayland. Waco now advances to play New London on their home court Thursday night at 8 pm in the next round, KILJ-FM 105.5 and kilj.com will broadcast that game live as part of a double header that has Notre Dame and Holy Trinity playing in the 1st game at 6:30 pm.
CLASS 2A RESULTS: Wapello 49 Wilton 29, Central Lee 53 Columbus Community 42, Mid Prairie 65 L&M 40, Tipton 63 Mediapolis 46.
GIRLS REGIONAL TOURNAMENT BASKETBALL TONIGHT: Holy Trinity Catholic at Burlington Notre Dame-KILJ-FM 105.5 and kilj.com will broadcast live at 7 pm. Waco at Lone Tree, Van Buren at Pekin, Danville at Highland, Mediapolis at Sigourney.
The Mt. Pleasant Middle School 7th grade girls played in Ottumwa
“A” game: Ottumwa 27 Mt Pleasant 23 (record 4-4)
MP scoring: Ava Lowery 8
Kenna Lamm 7
“B” game: MP 16 (5-3)
Ott 8
MP scoring: Thanh Phung 6
The Mt. Pleasant 8TH GRADE BOYS BASKETBALL team played OTTUMWA yesterday.
A GAME
OTTUMWA 43 MT PLEASANT 35 OVERTIME
Leading Scorers
MITCHELL MOOTHART 11 points
CHASE WILLIAMSON 10 points
B GAME
OTTUMWA 29 MT PLEASANT 22
Leading Scorers
DRAKE SNAVELY 8 points
C GAME
OTTUMWA 24 MT. PLEASANT 10
Leading Scorers
CARLOS LOPEZ 5 points
NEXT GAME: TUESDAY at FAIRFIELD
The Mt. Pleasant Christian School Knights played basketball at Pathway Christian in Kalona yesterday. In the Jr. High game Pathway won 34-18, Nate Winger led the Knights scoring with 10 points. In the JV game Pathway won 42-20 over Mt. Pleasant Christian, the Knights top scorer was Bryant Gehrig with 11.
New London High School is offering a pep bus to Des Moines on Thursday, February 16th for the State Wrestling Tournament. The bus will leave the gym parking lot at 10:00 a.m. and return after Session 2 is over.
Cost to ride is $10 and you will then be responsible for the purchase of your ticket, which is also $10 per session.
They need a minimum of 25 people to ride in order for this to happen. The bus is open to students and community members.
If interested please sign up and pay in the MS/HS office by NOON on Wednesday, February 15th.
BEDFORD COUNTY, Va. - As part of an ongoing investigation by the Southern Virginia Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force, authorities arrested two Virginia men, the Bedford County Sheriff's Office said.
Jason Marquis, 39, of Coleman Falls, Virginia, was arrested and charged with eight counts of taking indecent liberties with children, nine counts of using a communication device to facilitate certain offenses involving children and one count of solicitation of child pornography.
Timothy Clark, 23, of Buena Vista, was charged with eight counts of using a communication device to facilitate certain offenses involving children.
Officials with the Sheriff's Office said Marquis and Clark were arrested on April 10 and April 11, respectively.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
PRESS RELEASE TASS Reports Schiller Institute Tribute in Manhattan; Thousands of Emotional Responses on Schiller YouTube Channel Dec. 31, 2016 (EIRNS)—TASS journalist Ivan Pil'shchikov reported today on the Schiller Institute Chorus tribute In Memoriam for the victims of the Tu-154 crash. A machine translation, slightly edited, reads in part: "Americans sang the national anthem of the Russian Federation at the Consulate General in New York in memory of the victims of the Tu-154 crash. "About two dozen Americans on Friday brought flowers to the Consulate General of the Russian Federation in New York, and performed at the entrance the Russian national anthem in memory of the victims of the Tu-154 crash on Dec. 25. "The members of the choir of the international Schiller Institute first sang in German an excerpt from Cantata No. 140 by Johann Sebastian Bach, and then the national anthem of the Russian Federation—in Russian. Many had pinned [black and orange St. George's] ribbons on their clothes. Some passers-by stopped to watch what was happening. "Classical culture lifts people to a new level", stated Schiller Institute spokesman Daniel Burke. According to him, members of the choir believe that musicians from the Alexandrov Ensemble, who died in the crash, "were close to them in spirit." "We embraced the incident very seriously," said Burke. Institute representatives also read a letter of condolence to the Russians, prepared by its President Helga Zepp-LaRouche. "The tragedy of this disaster is, in particular, that the music and patriotic spirit of the Alexandrov Ensemble would strengthen hope in the Syrians" she said in her letter. "It is the people, who for five years had suffered because of the criminal policy in order to effect regime change and had become a plaything in the geopolitical games in violation of the sovereignty of the state." "Zepp-LaRouche noted that the band embodied the "high moral values of Russia." The letter, explained Burke, was transferred to the Consulate General representatives. Among those who brought flowers to the building, was the president of the Russian Center in New York, Elena Branson. She said she was moved by the action. "The works were executed perfectly," she said. "When they sang the national anthem, even almost no accent was heard." The Schiller YouTube channel's video of the chorus singing the Russian national anthem has garnered over a 300,000 viewers as of this afternoon; there are some 1900 comments mostly from Russians. Almost all are extremely grateful, and many very emotional, praising the singers and pledging friendship among the Russian and American people. Among other Russian coverage, Rossiya 24 TV, lenta.ru, vesti.ru, rusvesna.su and perhaps others also reported on the event and ran the Schiller video in whole or in part.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal fans noticed the same thing in the build up for Aaron Ramsey's first goal against Everton.
The Welshman scored after just six minutes, before Laurent Koscielny added another eight minutes later.
Ramsey then scored his second as the Gunners took a 3-0 lead with only 19 minutes of the game gone.
However, Arsenal fans noticed something that they were very happy about in the build up for Ramsey's first goal.
Not only did Henrikh Mkhitaryan provide the assist for the goal, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was the player who passed to the Armenian.
(Image: BT Sport)
(Image: BT Sport)
(Image: BT Sport)
Both Mkhitaryan and Aubameyang, who previously played together at Borussia Dortmund, signed for Arsenal in January.
And Gunners supporters were pleased with the impact they have already made - and they were in dreamland when Aubameyang netted the fourth before half time.
Major Mathison Hall, commander of Detachment 1 of 2D Civil Affairs Group (2D CAG), walks one of Detachment 1's teams through an after-action review of that team's just-completed key leader engagement training at the Urban Training Center on Marine Corps Base Quantico on February 11, 2017. During this training, the 2D CAG team interacted with a role player portraying a village elder in a Moroccan village, familiarizing themselves with the process of establishing a rapport with that individual in order to better understand the particular needs and concerns of the village.
Detachment 1 completed this training in preparation for the Detachment's upcoming support of Exercise African Lion in Morocco in the spring of 2017, during which the Detachment will conduct joint operations with units of Royal Moroccan Armed Forces.
2D CAG's four detachments executed a three-day field exercise from February 10 – 12, completing training in convoy operations, key leader engagements, clinic assessment and medical capability, interpreter interaction and usage, night operations, patrolling, and cultural familiarization.
2D CAG is a subordinate unit of Force Headquarters Group (FHG). 2D CAG, along with its sister units of 1st, 3D, and 4th CAG, provides an enabling function to combatant commanders by planning and conducting civil-military operations in support of the commander's objectives. 2D CAG supports II Marine Expeditionary Force (II MEF) and II Marine Expeditionary Brigade (II MEB), as well as those commands' subordinate units.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 06:20 Photo ID: 3166711 VIRIN: 160401-A-AB123-0091 Resolution: 640x480 Size: 123.08 KB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 2D Civil Affairs Group Conducts Multi-Faceted Training Exercise [Image 1 of 14], by CPT Thomas Garnett, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Air Force Radio News 06 October 2017 A
Today's stories: TRICARE is making major changes beginning in January. Also, Airmen out of Ebbing Air National Guard Base, Arkansas, are supporting relief efforts in Puerto Rico.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
A Research Study Titled, “Healthcare Cybersecurity Market By End User (Pharmaceuticals & Chemicals, Medical Devices, Health Insurance,Hospitals & Other End Users), Type Of Threat ( Malware, Ddos, Advanced Persistent Threats (Apt), Spyware, Lost Or Stolen Devices, Other Types Of Threat) And Type Of Solution (Identity And Access Management, Risk And Compliance Management, Antivirus And Antimalware, Ddos Mitigation, Security Information And Event Management (Siem), Intrusion Detection System (Ids)/Intrusion Prevention Syst”, Published By Crystal Market Research
Market Highlights:
The Healthcare Cybersecurity Market is expected to witness considerable growth over the forecast period during the forecast period. The worldwide healthcare cybersecurity market is anticipated to establish a solid framework on the developing need of system security, a kind of IT security generally looked for by healthcare associations. Access control and distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) relief is a portion of the very modern kinds of system security arrangements that guarantee insurance. In addition, the end-client consumption on these arrangements is anticipated to keep seeing an ascent because of its mounting awareness. In 2016, network security displayed a ruling execution in the market. Different sorts of security, for example, remote, cloud, and application could likewise add to the general development.
Request a Sample of this Report @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/HC061041
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis
North America is expected to witness considerable growth over the forecast period. Major factors crediting to its huge offer incorporate a high number of assaults focusing on the associations in that locale, the nearness of different fortune 500 medicinal services associations, and high spending on research and development. Furthermore nearness of computerized persistent records, high employments of organized gadgets are additionally adding to the territorial development. The energetic monetary development and innovative progressions in that district give plentiful chances to criminals to hack into the systems and take significant information.
Competitive Insights
The leading players in the market are Symantec, Trend Micro, Cisco, IBM, Paulo Alto Networks, Lockheed Martin, MacAfee, FireEye, Northrop Grumman and others. The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities, for example, company portfolio, business strategies, financial overview, recent developments, and share of the overall industry.
Healthcare Cybersecurity Market – By Region:
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Others)
Table of Contents
Introduction Executive Summary Market Overview
3.1. Introduction
3.1.1. Market Definition
3.1.2. Market Segmentation
3.2. Market Dynamics
3.2.1. Drivers
3.2.2. Restraints
3.2.3. Opportunities
Market Analysis by Regions Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, By End User Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, By Type of Threat Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, By Type of Solution
7.1. Introduction
7.2. Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Revenue and Market Share by Type of Solution (2014-2018)
7.2.1. Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Revenue and Revenue Share by Type of Solution (2014-2018)
7.3. Identity and Access Management
7.3.1. Global Identity and Access Management Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.4. Risk and Compliance Management
7.4.1. Global Risk and Compliance Management Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.5. Antivirus and Antimalware
7.5.1. Global Antivirus and Antimalware Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.6. DDoS Mitigation
7.6.1. Global DDoS Mitigation Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.7. Security Information and Event Management (SIEM)
7.7.1. Global Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.8. Intrusion Detection System (IDS)/Intrusion Prevention System (IPS)
7.8.1. Global Intrusion Detection System (IDS)/Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.9. Other Types of Solution
7.9.1. Global Other Types of Solution Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, By Region Company Profiles
9.1. Cisco
9.2. IBM
9.3. FireEye
9.4. Symantec
9.5. Trend Micro
Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Market Competition, by Manufacturer
10.1. Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Revenue and Market Share by Manufacturer (2016-2017)
10.2. Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Price by Region (2016-2017)
10.3. Top 5 Healthcare Cybersecurity Manufacturer Market Share
10.4. Market Competition Trend
Healthcare Cybersecurity Market Forecast (2018-2023)
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/HC061041
What Our Report Offer:
1) An extensive research study on the Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, and its entire ecosystem, describes the market trends, drivers, restraints and opportunities of the Healthcare Cybersecurity Market.
2) We provide you the longest possible market segmentation based on type of products, procedures and geography and describe the market share region wise.
3) The report gives a bird eyes view on the competitive landscape which includes mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, market strategies, and new product launches.
Air Force Radio News 14 February 2017 A
Today's Stories: Air Force Chief of Staff, General David Goldfein, thanks Chief Master Sergeant of the Air Force, James Cody, and wishes Chief Cody the best on his life after retirement. Also, for the first time MQ-9 Reaper remotely piloted aircraft integrated with F-35 aircraft during Red Flag 17-1 at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada.
To the 53 people who've watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days: Who hurt you? — Netflix US (@netflix) December 11, 2017
I just want to make sure you're okay — Netflix US (@netflix) December 11, 2017
Netflix had a recent tweet that is creeping some people out.Late Sunday night, they tweeted about their new feel-good holiday romance, "A Christmas Prince."Netflix tweeted, "To the 53 people who've watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days: Who hurt you?"The tweet has been getting a lot of reaction from people who never realized that Netflix would be closely watching their viewing habits.Someone asked, "Why are you calling people out like that?"Netflix responded, "I just wanted to make sure you're okay."
New Delhi: So Ravichandran Ashwin has not quite been rested. The Indian off-spinner is all set to make his County debut this month when he dons the jersey of Worcestershire in a match against Gloucestershire on August 28, if reports circulating in the cricketing fraternity are to be considered true.
ESPNcricinfo had earlier reported that the English club did show interest on the offie and expressed their delight ness on welcoming Ashwin in the fag end of the tournament. And it is not just the Indian who will feature in the tournament, reports claim that bowler Ishant Sharma will feature for English county club Warwickshire. Ravindra Jadeja is also slated to play in England, however, the confirmation is yet to arrive.
As for Ashwin's new club, well they stand second in the second division of the County Championships and the Tamil Nadu-based cricketer might find himself up against his Indian teammate Cheteshwar Pujara when Worcestershire takes on Nottinghamshire on September 5. The Indian batsman will resume his cricketing career at England, where he had scored 223 runs for them in five innings, which also includes a century he had notched up against Gloucestershire.
This will serve as a good opportunity for Ashwin to shrug off his poor overseas record. His bowling in India's home series has been splendid, in fact record tumbling, but his deliveries failed to spin in England during the Champions Trophy tournament and then in the Windies tour. Pujara too had taken a similar step this year to hone on his batting skills and it indeed proved worthwhile. Above all, Ashwin has a great opportunity in front of him to learn and adapt himself to the conditions there as the Men in Blue is slated to visit England for a five-match-Test series next year.
The offie's stint, however, might be reduced to just two games if he finds himself on the playing XI for the limited overs Australia series starting September 17.
HONG KONG — Chinese e-commerce powerhouse JD.com reported second quarter revenue that grew 43.6 percent year over year to 93.2 billion renminbi, or $13.7 billion, outstripping management's most optimistic guidance by nearly 5 percentage points. During the three months ended June 30, the company swung back to loss after notching a gain in the first quarter.
Monday's numbers were part of a strong streak of topline growth: During the company's last earnings call, JD.com chief financial officer Sidney Huang had advised that growth would be between 35 to 39 percent year on year. The rise in revenue was largely in line with the increase in gross merchandise value, which was up 46 percent to 234.8 billion, or $34.6 billion.
Frozen may be the most beloved Disney movie of a generation of youngsters, but the film's star Kristen Bell insists that her two daughters are not fans.
The actress, who is currently starring on NBC's The Good Place, did a Reddit AMA on Thursday where she answered all of our burning questions, including what it's like to be a real-life Disney princess. The response isn't what we expected.
"Do you ever like to remind your daughters that youre a real disney princess? Do they ever ask you to sing like Anna?" one Reddit user asked.
“They don't really care,” Bell wrote, referring to her daughters, 4-year-old Lincoln and 2-year-old Delta. “They constantly tell me NOT to sing. They are BRUTAL.”
Christopher Polk/Getty
While Bell has been able to let this one go (pun intended), she could not let us in on any details for Frozen's upcoming sequel. “I wish. But they are ALWAYS WATCHING,” she wrote.
Frozen 2 isn't the only sequel she's worked on. Bell also appears in this year's Bad Moms follow-up, A Bad Moms Christmas, alongside co-star Mila Kunis. When asked about the fellow mom of two, Bell had nothing but praise. “She's incredibly unchanged by Hollywood and so down to earth,” she wrote. Considering Kunis just revealed that she and husband Ashton Kutcher won't be giving their kids Christmas gifts this year in an attempt not to avoid spoiling them, Bell's words seem totally accurate.
RELATED: Kristen Bell and Dax Shepard's Frequent Fighting Almost Broke Them Up
As for the Good Place star's own hubby, Dax Shepard, he too seems incredibly chill. When asked how Shepard feels knowing her “one true soul mate is Craig Ferguson,” Bell had the best response. “Dax is OK with it. He's VERY open to anything. He's a free spirit, and also often my wingman,” she wrote. LOL.
The star also revealed that she's “trying” for a Veronica Mars reboot, and even open to adopting a 25-year-old if they're good at chores and play The Settlers of Catan. Where can we sign up?
NEW YORK (AP) — A Cameroonian-American writer detained as he tried to leave the Central African nation is facing charges over writings critical of its government, and family and friends are calling for public support in a campaign for his release.
Patrice Nganang, a professor at New York's Stony Brook University, is due to go before a prosecutor in the coming week, according to an account from his wife that was sent to fellow Stony Brook professor Robert Harvey. Nganang was detained on Thursday as he was trying to leave Cameroon to join his wife in Zimbabwe.
Nganang and his attorney were informed of the charges against him at a hearing with judiciary police and were told the charges include accusations of insulting Cameroon President Paul Biya and issuing a death threat.
Nganang has been critical of how Biya, in power since 1982, has handled a secessionist movement in some English-speaking areas. He wrote an article that was published shortly before he was detained.
At the judiciary police hearing Saturday, Nganang's lawyer said he didn't represent a threat because he had never worked with any violent or armed groups and had always been a peaceful activist. A prosecutor will decide what happens with the case moving forward.
Nganang's supporters called for an outpouring of support for him, suggesting actions including calling the Cameroon embassy to demand his release; getting in touch with the U.S. Department of State and federal elected officials; reaching out to advocates like Amnesty International or the Committee to Protect Journalists; and spreading the campaign through social media.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A free day at the ROM, a play in Christie Pits and seven other things to see, do, hear and read this week
A free day at the ROM, a play in Christie Pits and seven other things to see, do, hear and read this week
A free day at the ROM
1This Tuesday, the ROM is reopening the historic Weston entrance on Queen's Park. To celebrate, John Tory and other notables will hold a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 10 a.m., and the museum will offer free admission all day. Visitors can check out all the usual treasures—dinosaurs, ancient artifacts—and the The Evidence Room, a Holocaust exhibition. (The museum's fascinating Vikings and dazzling Christian Dior exhibitions will be ticketed separately.) Tuesday, December 12. Free. Royal Ontario Museum.
A nativity play in Christie Pits
2Soulpepper teams up with Common Boots Theatre for The Story, a modern reimagining of the nativity as a frosty outdoor theatre experience. The audience follows the three wise men through Christie Pits as they search for baby Jesus. Purists, be warned: the trio encounters some non-canonical twists and a few offbeat interpretations of the Bible's most familiar characters. Monday, December 11 to Saturday, December 30. PWYC. Christie Pits.
An altruistic Wooden Sky show
3Toronto's finest folk-rock outfit, The Wooden Sky, takes a break from touring for an annual holiday show, which has raised more than $21,000 for local charities over the past eight years. All proceeds from this edition support Romero House, an organization that helps resettle refugee families in Toronto. Wednesday, December 13. $25. 918 Bathurst.
A whirling ode to Leonard Cohen
4Leonard Cohen's melancholy songwriting and gravelly baritone aren't exactly the kind of things that get you out of your seat and dancing down the aisles. But, this month, Les Ballets Jazz de Montréal pays tribute to that city's beloved son with Dance Me/Leonard Cohen, a multimedia ballet inspired by his work. The production arrives a year after Cohen's death and combines his most iconic songs with conceptual video art and unexpectedly swift, frantic movements that capture the passion, the eroticism and especially the fedoras of the High Priest of Pathos. Friday, December 15. $55–$145. Sony Centre for the Performing Arts.
A storied musical collaboration brought back to life
5On December 4, 1956, Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis, Carl Perkins and Johnny Cash held an impromptu jam session at Memphis's Sun Records. Mirvish recreates the magic of that fabled night at A Million Dollar Quartet, which features tunes like “Blue Suede Shoes” and “Great Balls of Fire.” Tuesday, December 12 to January 7. $59-$89. CAA Theatre.
A groundbreaking queer play, 50 years later
6In 1967, two years before the Stonewall uprising, playwright John Herbert forced Toronto audiences to acknowledge the existence of the LGBTQ community with his play Fortune and Men's Eyes, a drama about four gay men incarcerated for their sexuality. Fifty years later, Buddies in Bad Times Theatre revives the groundbreaking story, which will precede a panel discussion about the spotty history of LGBTQ rights in Canada. Monday, December 11. PWYC. Buddies in Bad Times Theatre.
Canada in a thousand stories
7Husband-and-wife team Charles Ketchabaw and Lisa Marie DiLiberto spent three years travelling the country in their storymobile—a portable recording studio inside a cozy trailer—collecting anecdotes from people plucked off main streets across Canada. They're sharing their discoveries in this multimedia extravaganza, Tale of a Town—Canada, a last-blast celebration of Canada 150 that draws from thousands of interviews to preserve what the couple calls the “collective community memory” of both large cities and small towns. Wednesday, December 13 to Sunday, December 17. $38. Theatre Passe Muraille.
Sarah Slean's long-awaited return
8Singer-songwriter Sarah Slean makes her first Toronto appearance in five years to play new album, Metaphysics. On it, she taps her wide range of talents—classical composer, pop singer, visual artist—and combines complex orchestral arrangements with her trademark style and poetry. Tuesday, December 12. $41.50. Harbourfront Centre Theatre.
A Paul Thomas Anderson retrospective
9The director's newest flick, Phantom Thread, hits theatres Christmas Day. Before that, revisit Anderson's mind-boggling filmography at the Royal's all-35mm retrospective. Things kick off with his lesser-known debut feature Hard Eight on December 15, followed by the classics Boogie Nights, Magnolia and There Will Be Blood. Friday, December 15 to January 12. $10–$40. The Royal.
Service members with Norwegian Home Guard arrive at Camp Ripley, Minnesota, to begin the 44th United States/Norway Reciprocal Troop Exchange on Feb. 10, 2017. The Norwegian service members will work with Minnesota National Guard service members to learn how the U.S. Army and Air Force train and about American culture. (Photo by Sgt. Sebastian Nemec, Minnesota National Guard Public Affairs)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.10.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 21:03 Photo ID: 3165523 VIRIN: 170210-Z-OX391-032 Resolution: 4800x3200 Size: 3.14 MB Location: MN, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, U.S.-Norway reciprocal Troop Exchange 2017 [Image 1 of 18], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
CLOSE Joshua Rutherford, 35, has been arrested as part of an undercover investigation into child predators.
Joshua Rutherford (Photo: Delaware Department of Justice)
Joshua Rutherford, a former Smyrna High School teacher and track coach accused of seeking child pornography and sex with a child, has reached a plea agreement with federal prosecutors.
On Monday, Rutherford, 38, pleaded guilty to one count of attempted inducement of a minor according to federal court records. As part of the plea, another count of attempted inducement of a minor and two charges of seeking child pornography were dropped, the agreement states.
Rutherford, of Camden-Wyoming, began chatting online under the handle DoverGuy777 in mid-February 2016 with an undercover investigator who he believed was the father of a 14-year-old girl.
During the chats, Rutherford said he had met underage girls for sex in the past and had received a picture of the butt of a 16-year-old girl online, the affidavit said.
He also requested the man send nude photos of his daughter, but said that since she is underage, it was better to send ones that did not include her head, the affidavit said.
After weeks of chatting, Rutherford arranged to meet the father and daughter at a park in Dover on March 11, the affidavit of probable cause said.
He was expecting to have sex with the girl, but instead, was met by the Delaware Child Predator Task Force and arrested, the affidavit said.
Rutherford faces a minimum of 10 years in prison and is scheduled to be sentenced in June.
DELAWARE COURTS
Delaware Supreme Court overturns conviction in Howard High School bathroom attack
Federal rulings preserve Delaware's unclaimed property practice, for now
Suit: Terminal cancer spread as prison neglected Delaware inmate's pleas
​​​​​​​Contact Xerxes Wilson at (302) 324-2787 or xwilson@delawareonline.com. Follow @Ber_Xerxes on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/03/19/former-smyrna-high-teacher-pleads-guilty-child-sex-charges/439211002/
By JOSEPH HANSEN, Ranger Reporter:
The Amarillo College music department will be putting on a recital showcasing the talents of its faculty Saturday, Feb. 18, 2017. The event will begin with an art show and honor student recital at 5 p.m. followed by the faculty performance at 6 p.m.
“It's very important for us as a faculty to show the students what we can do because it reinforces what we are telling them in the classroom, so they can see the US do the things that we are teaching them to do,” Diego Caetano, assistant professor of piano and winner of the London International Virtuoso Music Competition, said.
This event will be a collaborative effort between multiple members of the music department including Caetano and Camille Nies, music department chair. Their selections will include classics alongside some original pieces from Nathaniel Fryml, artistic director of choral activities.
“We get to play together in larger ensembles in the community all the time, but to be able to be side by side in this small chamber ensemble and play the music that we love is an opportunity that every musician jumps at,” Nies said.
Nies noted that members of the staff have wanted to hold a faculty recital for some time. Thanks to Caetano for organizing and kick-starting the show, it's getting off the ground. “Collaborating with the faculty brings unity and gives recognition to the music department on campus. That's why I pushed for it,” Caetano said.
It isn't just the staff that is excited though. The students who also will be performing at the pre-show are looking forward to seeing their professors perform.
“We were surprised when we found out the faculty was doing a recital, but that's awesome! Its gives us a chance to see what they can do,” Chancelor Barbaree, a vocal music major, said.
Nies said the event will benefit music majors. “We want the students to know that we still practice that we preach and that the skills we want them to learn are things that we know how to put into practice. Hopefully the students will be inspired by the different musical selections they'll hear and see their instruments played in ways they may have not heard before.”
FITTING lumbering ruck pair Aaron Sandilands and Sean Darcy into the same side will be a challenge this season, but one Fremantle coach Ross Lyon says he is willing to take up.
The use of the ruck master and his apprentice is looming as one of the key decisions for the Dockers as they count down to their round one appointment with Port Adelaide at Adelaide Oval.
Darcy's summer on the track has been slowed by a calf tear but the 19-year-old is in line to play in the JLT Community Series and make his case for the season opener.
Sandilands and Darcy are yet to be tested as a ruck combination. They were both selected in round 15 last season against St Kilda as Sandilands returned from injury. However, the veteran re-injured his hamstring just 18 minutes into the game and Darcy was forced to carry the ruck for the remainder of the match.
“I think it's a challenge for them to both play in the same team, and one they can overcome,” Lyon told the AFL website.
“But we'll have to have a look at it and give it an opportunity for a period of time to see how it works. There's no firm decision yet on that.”
Camera Icon Sean Darcy is looking to take big strides this season.
Fremantle and West Coast are shaping as two of the few clubs who will try to employ two genuine ruckmen this season, amid a shift towards more mobile running ruck backups.
Meanwhile, Lyon said banished star Harley Bennell needed to achieve skin fold and fitness targets during his eight-week ban before Fremantle would consider him again.
Bennell was sent to train with WAFL club Peel after being thrown out of a nightclub before training resumed following the Christmas break.
The troubled 25-year-old has played just two AFL games in his first two seasons at the Dockers, which were ruined by repeated calf injuries.
“We're all disappointed that Harley isn't with us and (that) the investment, at this point in time, hasn't paid off,” Lyon said.
“If we go over the last two years I could still make a strong case for a lot of the things Harley did right, but clearly some things have gone a way that we didn't enjoy and needed to be held accountable and addressed.”
By The Associated Press
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — The Latest on a former Oklahoma City mayor and member of the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents who is being criticized for comparing gay people to pedophiles (all times local):
12:15 p.m.
The president of the University of Oklahoma is distancing himself from comments made by a Board of Regents member who compared gay people to pedophiles.
University President David Boren said in a statement Monday that board member and former Oklahoma City Mayor Kirk Humphreys wasn't speaking on behalf of the university.
Advertisement
Boren also says he doesn't share Humphreys' views and that the university is a diverse and inclusive family.
Humphrey's made the comments during a local TV public affairs show that aired over weekend on KFOR-TV. He also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
A staffer at Humphreys' office says he was out of town Monday and unavailable to comment. Humphreys also didn't immediately reply to an email seeking comment from The Associated Press.
___
10:55 a.m.
A former Oklahoma City mayor and member of the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents is being criticized for comparing gay people to pedophiles.
Kirk Humphreys made the comments over the weekend on KFOR-TV's public affairs show. He also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
LGBTQ advocacy group Freedom Oklahoma has called for his removal from the board if he doesn't apologize. Executive Director Troy Stevenson says Humphreys' comments were disheartening and dangerous for LGBTQ youth who are already harassed and bullied.
A staffer at Humphreys' office said he was out of town Monday and unavailable to comment.
Stevenson said Monday his group will protest an Oklahoma City real estate project that belongs to Humphreys' family business if he doesn't apologize.
© JASON CONNOLLY/AFP/Getty Images
The authorities have uncovered an Antifa-linked hoard of chemicals, high-explosives, and a mobile bomb factory in Thuringia, Germany, according to local media.There is some suggestion that the haul, which is suspected to be linked to alt-left extremism, has been played down for political reasons, Welt Am Sonntag reports Bodo Ramelow, Thuringia's Minister-President and a member of Die Linke (The Left Party), gave one of the two individuals accused of being linked to the materials a democracy award for their commitment to taking on 'Neo-Nazis', according to WAS."The findings available so far suggest that the spokesman of an alliance honoured by the Ramelow government prepared explosives attacks," said Mike Mohring, who is chairman of Angela Merkel's nominally conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party in Thuringia, as well as CDU leader in the region's parliament."The days-long, almost booming silence of the entire state government is more than strange."Left Party parliamentarian Katharina König-Preuss, whose "anti-fascist" credentials are displayed prominently on her Twitter account , has been particularly damaged by the case, as she knows one of the accused personally.One of the two accused, a 31-year-old wheelchair user, told WAS that the "plot allegations are total humbug, but that's all I'm going to say."But he claims the acid was for his mother, to be used as "pesticides against voles and moles".
Région du Centre: Security forces in the Burkina Faso capital early Monday concluded an operation against suspected jihadist gunmen who launched a deadly attack on a restaurant, the communications minister announced.
"The operation has ended" but searches of the Ouagadougou neighbourhood around the restaurant are continuing, the minister, Remis Dandjinou, told a press briefing carried on social media.
He confirmed a total of "18 dead" since the attack began Sunday night, with "two terrorists" killed.
Hall of Famer Drew Pearson says the 2018 NFL Draft will be the best in history
1:40
The temperatures in N.Y.C. soared near 100 degrees this week, and while some celebs still layered up in long sleeves, Kim Kardashian West dressed appropriately for the weather. Instead of sweating through a stuffy blouse or sweater, the reality star decided to forgo a shirt completely and instead stepped out in just a corset while out Wednesday in Manhattan.
The mom of two showed off her incredible figure in the low-cut bustier, which she tucked into a pair of high-waist gray slacks that looked boardroom-appropriate (shop a similar style here). Kardashian West polished off the look with a pair of strappy stiletto sandals and minimal jewelry and let her waist-length mermaid strands take the spotlight.
Ray Tamarra/GC Images
The 36-year-old has been traveling around N.Y.C. to promote her new makeup collection, KKW Beauty, and gave fans some insight into her social media-dominating ways. At the Forbes Women's Summit on Tuesday, she dished about the varying ways she uses each platform.
RELATED: Kim Kardashian Is Launching Her Own Makeup Line
The media mogul likes to use Twitter to listen to conversations, while she shares Snapchats that give a sneak peek into her everyday life. As for Instagram, that's the platform that she feels the most pressure to curate. “I like my Instagram to look a certain way, and I'm really a lunatic about it because sometimes there is so much pressure to post, too,” she said.
LEXINGTON, Va. - Access to fast, reliable internet service isn't a luxury anymore, it's a necessity for many families and businesses in Southwest and Central Virginia.
Local school districts are also working to make sure teachers and students have the resources they need to succeed in a high-tech world, including having broadband internet access.
"The access they have to the plethora of information that's on the internet now, it makes a difference," said Jason Kirby, director of personnel and technology with Rockbridge County Public Schools.
He said students at Maury River Middle School have access to a media lab, and every science, math, social studies and English language arts class has a Chromebook cart.
"We're really working toward 21st century skills," Kirby said. "We want our kids to be able to collaborate and create things."
Kirby said slower internet speeds at one of the district's elementary schools, Mountain View Elementary, can bring daily challenges.
"They purposely go in and they schedule when they're going to do anything intensive with internet," Kirby said. "So the teachers know 'I need to maybe plan something else, or do something that's less internet-intensive.'"
Big Island Elementary School, a part of Bedford County Public Schools, is now opening its doors every Thursday from 5 to 7 p.m. to give students and families access to the school's computer lab and library. The school's principal said he saw a need for this after-school access and hopes to provide food as a part of the program in the future.
Kirby said Rockbridge County Public Schools is working to get faster internet service at Mountain View soon.
"They handle it very well," Kirby said. "They're a National Blue Ribbon School this past year, but they only have 6 megabytes of internet, so it's not a lot."
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Pfc. Michael Farmer, a machine gunner assigned to Bravo Company, 1st Battalion, 3rd Marine Regiment, fires the M-240B machine gun during Integrated Training Exercise (ITX) 2-17 at Range 410A, aboard Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center, Twentynine Palms, California, Feb. 5, 2017. ITX is a combined-arms exercise which gives all elements of the Marine Air Ground Task Force an opportunity to utilize capabilities during large scale missions to become a more ready fighting force. 1/3 is currently participating as the ground combat element for this exercise. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron S. Patterson/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.05.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:53 Photo ID: 3166342 VIRIN: 170205-M-QH615-018 Resolution: 5472x3648 Size: 7.81 MB Location: MCAGCC, CA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 1st Battalion, 3rd Marines tear up Range 400 [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
'IT' TEEN: Alstonville local Nicholas Hamilton will be seen in some exciting film projects this year including the hyped remake of Stephen King's IT.
'IT' TEEN: Alstonville local Nicholas Hamilton will be seen in some exciting film projects this year including the hyped remake of Stephen King's IT. Marc Stapelberg
TWO weeks after coming from Los Angeles, back to his life in Alstonville, Hollywood star and lcoal teen Nicholas Hamilton is still dealing with the tidewave of exposure after the release to the film It and some of the consequences of the project's success.
It, the adaptation of Stephen King's book into cinema, wowed the global box office with a massive $179 million on it first weekend.
The film scared off The Exorcist's 44 year-old record to become the highest grossing horror film of all time, breaking the $500 million in September.
The success of It has prompted the studio behind the film, New Line Cinema, to fast-track a sequel, which has already been given a September 2019 release date.
Nicholas Hamilton, 17, born in Lismore and an Alstonville High Year 12 student played Henry Bowers, the mullet-doning bully of the film.
Are you surprised by the level of success of the film?
It's awesome but it is more than what any of us expected.
Even now, I'm still tying to get my head around it.
For a movie made on a budget of US$35 million, to make US$550 million in the first month is properly insane.
But you knew there was a lot of expectation around the film, right?
Yeah, we knew, but I think the first confirmation that the film was going to be OK was when Stephen King watched it and sent out a tweet saying it was up to his standards and he really liked it.
After that, if everyone else in the world had hated it, we would have been OK with it.
What kind of feedback have you got after this film?
I try not to read reviews but I get feedback via social media.
The main questions I get is whether Henry will be back in Chapter 2.
Obviously that's not a question I can answer yet, because I don't know.
Are you involved in Chapter 2?
I don't know at all. The script is currently being written, so nobody but the scriptwriter really knows. It will be as much of a surprise to me as to anyone else.
So what are you working on at the moment?
There is definitely some stuff in the pipeline, but nothing I can talk about yet.
I keep getting auditions and I love keeping busy.
I'd be happy to work in Australia, or overseas, as soon as the project offers me an interesting character and it has a good plot, something that I am really exciting to do.
I've been doing auditions for film and TV, I'm not fuzzy either way, as soon as the character is complex and layered, I am happy to do it.
What has been the most memorable off-screen moment of your Hollywood experience so far?
While we were filing It, the cast of Captain Fantastic (2016) was nominated to a SAG award, so we flew to Los Angeles and one of my fellow It cast members, Finn Wolfhard, is also in Stranger Thing and they werre also nominated, so both crews met.
That night I met Meryl Streep wich was just insane. She said she watched our movie and loved it.
Stuff like that takes your breath away, that people I have watched all my life know I exist is properly insane.
How do you reconcile that with coming back to Alstonville?
This time it's definitely been different. I came back from Los Angeles two weeks ago to the last week of Term Three at school.
I arrived on a Friday, went to school on Monday, and it was a massive difefrence and this time, for some reason, I felt it more this time, maybe because It was such a big project.
I am definitely going to live in L.A. in the future, there is no doubt about that, but having these moments here with my family and my friends, and just being Nick, is something that I need and I enjoy having.
You did your first sexy photoshoot at age 17 for online magazine Rawpages recently, how did that feel?
(Laughs) It was difficult but I had fun with it. I saw it as an acting job and went with that. Fans see you as an adult, not as a child.
It's hard to explain but I love playing something that I am not, because I don't go through life trying to be a sexy character, but I have to admit it was a fun experience.
BALTIMORE — An unusual smell prompted an evacuation and a hazardous materials response at a Baltimore high school. But after five people were taken to the hospital complaining of upset stomachs, fire officials discovered the source of the smell: a pumpkin spice air freshener.
Cristo Rey Jesuit High School was evacuated Thursday afternoon after students and teachers detected a strong smell on the third floor. Several people reported difficulty breathing.
The fire department and a hazardous materials team were called. Fire spokesman Roman Clark said two students and three adults were taken to the hospital for stomach ailments.
Then, firefighters located a pumpkin spice air aerosol plugged into an outlet in a classroom.
A new leaked benchmark points to the fact that Apple likely has a MacBook Pro 2018 in the pipeline, which is driven by an Intel Coffee Lake processor, backing up previous speculation that this is the case.
Like the leak from a month ago, this is a spilled benchmark from Geekbench, and so we have to take it with a generous pinch of salt – faking this sort of things is hardly beyond the realms of possibility.
But assuming it's on the money, the benchmark shows scores for a ‘MacBookPro15,2' laptop, which as Cult of Mac reports, would seemingly be a refresh of the MacBook Pro 13-inch (given that the current-gen model is ‘MacBookPro14,2').
The CPU powering the notebook is the Core i7-8559U, which is a quad-core part that runs at 2.7GHz, and is capable of a beefy turbo to 4.5GHz. That's quite different to the processor cited in the previous leak, which was the Core i7-8750H – that has six cores, but is clocked slower (2.2GHz with boost to 4.1GHz).
The i7-8559U boasts integrated Iris Plus Graphics 655 and has a TDP of 28W.
Multi-core monster
So how did this alleged revamped MacBook Pro 2018 perform in the benchmarks with the i7-8559U under the bonnet? The machine achieved 4,448 in the single-core test, and 16,607 in the multi-core benchmark.
That multi-core result is a big jump compared to last year's MacBook Pro 13-inch, and indeed roughly speaking, it's over 40% faster.
Incidentally, the previous leak of the six-core processor indicated a multi-core result of 22,316. The six-core could be the CPU powering the MacBook Pro 15-inch, then, with the quad-core i7-8559U destined for the 13-inch model.
But it's all guesswork at this point, and indeed these rumors could simply be noise which eventually come to nothing. But if they are on the money, we're looking at some considerably more powerful MacBook Pro machines which should be launching later this year.
We've speculated that the launch could come in September, and at least according to the latest rumor via Bloomberg, we're expecting not just a refreshed MacBook Pro later in 2018, but a 12-inch MacBook packing new Intel silicon, plus a budget MacBook Air to tempt folks at the lower end of the market.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
WWE superstar Shinsuke Nakamura has revealed he had never watched a Royal Rumble match before winning this year's men's event.
But he says he lives for the opportunity to main event WrestleMania and him versus AJ Styles is "the match everyone wants to see".
Nakamura declared his intention to challenge the WWE Champion in New Orleans on April 8 immediately after his massive win last Sunday.
The SmackDown LIVE talent discussed the dream clash with his former New Japan Pro-Wrestling rival Styles in an interview with ESPN
(Image: © WWE)
He said: "I believe this is the biggest thing to happen in my career so far. That's until WrestleMania this year which will be the biggest thing in my life."
The 30-man battle royal came down to a final six men of Nakamura, John Cena, Randy Orton, Rey Mysterio, Roman Reigns and Finn Balor.
He said: "I really felt the people behind me. You had Cena, Roman, Randy... the biggest stars in the WWE and I feel like I'm a new guy, but the WWE Universe really supported me.
"This was my first time being in a match with these kinds of rules. I've never watched a Royal Rumble match, this was my first time. I wanted to enjoy it for the first time being in it."
(Image: © WWE)
The former two-time NXT Champion also discussed making the transition from WWE's developmental division to the main roster on Tuesday nights.
He said: "When I came to NXT, I didn't need to adjust. NXT fans are hardcore wrestling fans. I just had to wrestle and they reacted. But when I got called up to SmackDown, it was different.
"There's just a difference in the live events. So last year, I had to make an adjustment from NXT to SmackDown like others have done from NXT to RAW.
"It takes time to adjust but today I finally feel like I'm there, I feel at home. It's hard to choose the words even if I was speaking Japanese. It's hard to find the words."
(Image: WWE)
The King Of Strong Style has previously starred in the main event of NXT TakeOver events, but no occasion in WWE compares to a world title bout at WrestleMania.
Nakamura said: "One of the reasons to come to the WWE was to wrestle at WrestleMania, but to main-event WrestleMania? Wow, I live for this.
"I have experience wrestling Brock [Lesnar] and AJ, but I really think the people and the audience around the world want to see AJ and me. That's the match everyone wants to see."
WrestleMania 34 featuring Shinsuke Nakamura versus AJ Styles for the WWE Championship will be held at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana on April 8.
A runner not far from the finish line at the 2014 Los Angeles Marathon was so exhausted, two good Samaritans helped him finish the race.The struggling marathoner, drenched in sweat and stumbling as he walked, was held by two strangers on each side of him.Both helpers appear to cheer him on as all three approach the finish line together.
“We're going to have to show the same stuff we did last week against BYU, with effort to the ball — everyone is going to have to get to the ball.” Aggies linebacker Derek Larsen said. “The front seven is really going to have to establish a stop-run defense and hopefully, make them one-dimensional. But, they also pass the ball very well. Overall, it's going to be a big test for our defense.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Usain Bolt is sticking to his guns with his retirement plan for London this year.
The Jamaican sprint icon, who won the top prize for a man at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Monaco on Tuesday night, said he has accomplished everything he wants to in athletics.
"I've just done everything I wanted to do in the sport," Bolt said.
His incredible career will end in London in August at the World Championships with eight Olympic gold medals and as an 11-time World Champion.
"I asked Michael Johnson the same question, 'why did you retire when you were on top?'. He said the same - he had done everything he had wanted to do in athletics so there was no reason to stay in the sport. Now I understand what he means."
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Bolt is well and truly on top and led his team of international 'All Stars' to victory in the inaugural Nitro Athletics Series in Melbourne last week.
He ran his first individual race of the year, burning away from a modest field for an easy win in the 150m sprint.
On Tuesday night he was presented Laureus World sportsman of the year ahead of back-to-back Olympic 5,000 and 10,000 metres gold medal winner Mo Farah, tennis's world No 1 Andy Murray, Ballon d'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo and basketballers Stephen Curry and LeBron James.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Four-time Olympic gold medal-winning gymnast Simon Biles was named sportswoman of the year while Britain's downhill mountain bike star Rachel Atherton was presented action sportsperson of the year.
Leicester City won the spirit of sport award while Chicago Cubs were team of the year for breaking their 108-year-old Major League Baseball World Serie drought.
US swimmer Michael Phelps won comeback of the year after winning his 23rd Olympic gold in Brazil.
Italian wheelchair fencer Beatrice Vio was sportsperson of the year with a disability and the Refugee Olympic team was awarded for sporting inspiration.
ADVERTISEMENT
Guaranteed cash back on every purchase! Bonus miles towards your next flight! Zero percent APR for one year! Rewards just for filling up your gas tank!
With credit card companies now offering a multitude of perks and rewards just for signing on the dotted line, consumers face a difficult task of choosing the best card to meet their financial goals. "Today's credit cards offer such a dizzying variety of features and bonuses, that it's no longer a matter of choosing the best card, but of selecting the one with the offers that matter to you," says Janet Alvarez, a credit card expert with the site Wise Bread.
Fortunately, there are some very specific steps you can take that will help narrow your search and match you up with the card that's right for you.
1. Check your credit score
Before you get too excited about earning cash back or miles towards your next flight, make sure to check your credit score. Your score is what's used to determine eligibility for a particular card. Generally speaking, consumers with poor credit can expect to pay an annual fee and a much higher interest rate than someone with a healthy credit score, but, if your score is healthy — say, above 700 — you will have your pick at the best cards available.
2 . Assess your spending
Most experts agree that the first thing you should do before locking in a particular card is to look at how much you spend each month and what category these expenses fall under. Based on your spending patterns, choose a card that maximizes cash back and other rewards in your top categories.
3. Know your habits
Mike Sullivan of Take Charge America, a national nonprofit credit counseling and debt management agency, says to consider the following tips when looking for a credit card:
If you carry a balance from month to month, the APR or interest rate is critical. Start with a low APR as your first criterion.
If you charge a lot on a card but pay it off monthly, you should focus on the rewards or cash back.
If you're planning on a balance transfer to the new card, you need to focus on the APR, the length of any special APR terms, and the balance transfer fee.
If you're going to use the card for extensive travel and entertainment or for business purchases, then you need to get a card with a large credit limit.
4. Consider the rewards
If you pay off your credit cards in full, every month, Adam Jusko, the CEO at CreditCardCatalog.com, says you absolutely should be thinking about rewards cards that offer points, miles, or cash back on every dollar you spend. Since these cards typically come with an annual fee, as well as a higher APR, it's best to choose credit cards that have perks you will actually use.
Jeff White, Financial Analyst at FitSmallBusiness.com, recommends using multiple cards since no single credit card will provide you with everything you need. He gives the following examples of what to look for when shopping for a card:
For travelers: If you want a card to maximize the value of your traveling, then you should look for cards that focus on single aspects of your travel plans. Get one card that has great rewards for airfare (even niching down to your favorite airline is best). Then get another card that focuses on hotel stays at a hotel brand that's likely to be available everywhere you go. The more you can niche down on cards, the higher your rewards typically are.
If you want a card to maximize the value of your traveling, then you should look for cards that focus on single aspects of your travel plans. Get one card that has great rewards for airfare (even niching down to your favorite airline is best). Then get another card that focuses on hotel stays at a hotel brand that's likely to be available everywhere you go. The more you can niche down on cards, the higher your rewards typically are. For gas: Look for the best rewards card for the gas station closest to where you fill up all the time. You can also look for good card deals that give you a large percent of cash back on your gas cards.
Look for the best rewards card for the gas station closest to where you fill up all the time. You can also look for good card deals that give you a large percent of cash back on your gas cards. For balance transfer: If you have outstanding credit card debt that you've been unable to pay off, chances are, you're paying a high interest on it. Consider moving the balance to another card that has a 0 percent introductory offer for at least a year, and then make a plan to pay off your balance within that time.
If you have outstanding credit card debt that you've been unable to pay off, chances are, you're paying a high interest on it. Consider moving the balance to another card that has a 0 percent introductory offer for at least a year, and then make a plan to pay off your balance within that time. For students: If you're a student, you probably need to establish credit. This is a perfect time to find a low-risk credit card that will have a small credit line that will help you build credit without tempting you to spend too much money.
5. Know the interest rates and annual fees
Make sure to read the fine print on every application. Often times, consumers get caught up in the perks and rewards and forget to check if there is an added cost or a higher interest rate associated with a particular card. If possible, look for a card with no annual fee (at least for the first year), so you can test drive the card without any cost to you.
The general rule of thumb on annual fees, explains Jusko, is to stay away from a rewards card with an annual fee unless you spend at least $10,000 per year with your card, because the increased reward will rarely make up for the fee you pay. And if you carry any sort of credit card debt — which 38.1 percent of Americans do — Alvarez says you should avoid taking on new cards with a long-term interest rate higher than cards you currently use, no matter the perks or rewards.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Boots, Waitrose and Sainsbury's urgently recalled some food products earlier this week.
The Food Standards Agency says that anyone who bought the items should not eat them and instead return them to the shops where they bought them.
The latest alerts include a fruit compote, ginger and a health supplement.
Boots Pineapple and Berry Compote
Boots is recalling a product called Delicious Pineapple and Berry Compote because it does not list a key ingredient on the label.
The compote contains milk and this means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents.
No other Boots products are known to be affected, the Nottingham Post reported.
The Food Standards Agency advises that if you bought the product and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents, do not eat it.
It advises returning it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
Boots has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall.
The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product.
Product: Delicious Pineapple and Berry Compote
Pack size: 110g
Use-by date: up to and including January 30
Item Code: 80-61-068
Sushigari ginger
A range of ginger has been pulled from shelves at Waitrose and Sainsbury's stores as some jars may contain pieces of glass.
The Sushigari product is sold through kiosks at some stores by Sushi Daily.
The Food Standards Agency says the product may contain small pieces of glass - which makes this product unsafe to eat and presents a safety risk.
Notices have been placed in stores.
A Sushi Daily spokesman said: "As a precautionary measure, we are asking customers who have purchased this product not to consume it but return it to their nearest store, where they will receive a full refund.
"For any questions regarding this recall, please contact Sushi Daily directly by calling their help line on 0203 006 7896.
"No other Sushi Daily products have been affected and Sushi Daily would like to apologise to their customers for the inconvenience this will cause."
Product: Sushi Daily Sushigari
Jar size: 140g
Best before: 02/06/2018
Batch code: 18081
Optima Glucosamine tablets and Omega Choice 3-6-9 capsules
The Food Standards Agency has recalled Optima Glucosamine tablets and Omega Choice 3-6-9 capsules, on sale at health food shops.
It confirms that Optima Consumer Healthcare Limited is recalling Optima Glucosamine tablets, which contain fish, molluscs and crustaceans, and Omega Choice 3-6-9 capsules, which contain sesame and soya.
The allergens are not correctly identified on the label and are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to fish, molluscs, crustaceans, sesame or soya.
No other Optima Consumer Healthcare Limited products are known to be affected.
The advice is that if you have bought the products and have an allergy to fish and/or molluscs and/or crustaceans and/or sesame and/or soya do not eat them.
Instead return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund.
Optima Consumer Healthcare Limited has been advised to contact allergy support organisations which will tell their members about the recall. The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers.
Product: Optima Glucosamine Complex
Pack size: 30, 60 and 90 Tablets
Best before: All dates and batch codes
Product: Optima Omega Choice 3-6-9
Pack size: 120 capsules
Best before: All dates and batch codes 07515
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
A 39-year-old man was charged after he allegedly brought a heroin and a pocket knife into a Valparaiso, Ind., school saying he was looking for his girlfriend's children.Jason Rasco, of Valparaiso, Ind., entered Thomas Jefferson Middle School through an unsecured backdoor on Friday afternoon, shortly before school was dismissed for the day, Valparaiso police said.Police were called after reports of a suspicious man in the 1500-block of Lind Court near the school. Two school administrators located Rasco and detained him until police arrived.Rasco told police that he was going to walk his girlfriend's children home after school.Police said Rasco was in possession of heroin and a needle.He faces charges of trespassing, possession of a hypodermic needle, possession of heroin and possession of a knife on school property.During the incident, the school conducted a lock-in, police said, and delayed dismissal.
click to enlarge Provided
Gino Fanelli plays three nights of New Orleans party jazz at How Art Thou.
We've said it before and we'll say it again: How Art Thou Jazz Lounge and Tapas Bar is bringing some pretty cool jazz acts to the Lowcountry. This weekend the James Island spot hosts Gino Fanelli from Thurs. Feb. 16-Sat. Feb. 18, starting at 8 p.m. each night.A Detroit native, Fanelli plays 1930s New Orleans Party Jazz, a style he's spent 15 years honing. The 1930s saw a rise in swing jazz, with virtuoso soloists making a name for themselves — think Duke Ellington, Benny Goodman, and Earl Hines.Upright bassist Paul Ahrens, of Charleston, joins Fanelli on Friday and Saturday. All shows are free to attend.
Semi-truck goes off road near Sorrento, a pair of vehicles collide in Tappen
After swerving to avoid an animal on the highway, a semi truck driver drove off the road damaging some private property in the Blind Bay area.
Salmon Arm RCMP report on Oct. 5 at approximately 3 a.m. officers were called to to a collision in the 2000 Block of the Trans-Canada Highway in the Blind Bay-Sorrento area.
An Ontario-registered, westbound semi truck left the road and went into the ditch where it went across two driveways and into the trees and brush.
The driver and the co-driver, who was in the sleeper at the time of the crash, suffered minor injuries and were taken to hospital by BC Ambulance.
The driver reported that he was attempting to avoid an animal on the roadway.
No other vehicles were involved and no charges are being investigated at this time.
Another crash in Tappen
On Oct. 5 at approximately 7 p.m., the Salmon Arm RCMP attended to a two-vehicle collision in the 5000 Block of the Trans-Canada Highway at the Tappen Valley road intersection.
A Sorrento man was attempting to enter the highway and did so into the path of a vehicle which was westbound on the highway. This vehicle was operated by a female driver from Salmon Arm.
Both drivers were uninjured but both vehicles sustained heavy damage and were towed from the scene.
Traffic was snarled for a short time as the scene was being cleared.
No other vehicles were involved and no charges are being investigated at this time.
If you've already watched Psych: The Movie more than once... join the club.
The TV movie follow-up, which picked up three years after the events of Psych's series finale,premiered just last week on the USA Network, but we've already watched it multiple times. We won't tell you how many times, because we'd like to at least pretend we have social lives, but that's how much we've missed the crazy antics of everyone's favorite psychic detective, Shawn (James Roday), and his partner Gus (Dulé Hill).
Psych: The Movie Is the Perfect Example of How to Do a Revival
Creator Steve Franks hopes Psych: The Movie, which ended on a crazy cliffhanger, is just the first of a number of feature-length TV movies. But until we receive word on whether or not more adventures are on the way, we'll be over here watching the best film's callbacks, including Gus' amazing and totally on-point nickname for Shawn. Check it out above before hitting play on the movie for the, um, *mumbles* time.
The main university building at the University of Strasbourg. Photo:Jonathan Martz/Wikimedia Commons
A new documentary about the scale of Nazi medical experiments has reopened old wounds in France as one of the country's leading universities investigates whether its stores still contain the remains of some Jewish victims.
Dr Michel Cymes, the star of a French television medical advice programme, believes that the remains of some of the 86 Jews tortured and mutilated by SS doctor August Hirt may still be in the anatomy collection of the University of Strasbourg.
He first raised the theory in his 2015 bestseller, "Hippocrates in Hell", and repeated the claim in a new film of the same name shown on French TV this week.
The documentary, which trended on Twitter after it was broadcast, raised awkward questions about how part of the "Jewish skeleton collection" Hirt assembled at the university during the war may have survived in its stores.
The remains of Jews on which Hirt tested mustard gas at the Natzweiler-Struthof concentration camp near the Alastian city were supposed to have been buried after it was liberated in 1944.
But after Cymes' claims, the university is now conducting an inquiry using outside experts into the contents of 20 boxes found in its collection which bear Hirt's name.
The Swiss-born anatomist was "one of the worst Nazi figures", according to Dr Raphael Toledano, a specialist on Nazi medical experiments. He was convinced that the Jewish race was on the point of extinction and
wanted to study the skulls of "Judeo-Bolsheviks".
Cymes, both of whose Polish-born grandfathers perished at Auschwitz, said he had little idea how extensive Nazi medical experiments had been until he started his own investigation.
"I knew about doctors like Josef Mengele and Carl Clauberg and I thought they were two or three others like that, but then I discovered how vast the phenomenon was," he told AFP.
His eyes were opened when he began looking in detail at the Nuremberg trials of 23 doctors which began in 1946, and in particular a postwar account of the Nazis' activities by the French naval physician, Francois Bayle.
His now almost forgotten book was a "mine of information", Cymes said. "He noted down everything he heard, it's encyclopaedic, an enormous piece of work".
When he came to write his own book Cymes said he tried to use his medical knowledge to "describe what the victims would have felt so that people would realise the suffering of these (human) guinea pigs".
Nearly 70 percent of German doctors were members of the Nazi party, according to Cymes' documentary.
From 1933 onwards when Hitler came to power, medical ethics "were turned upside down", Cymes said. "The individual was nothing, the people was everything."
The small number of doctors tried for war crimes at Nuremberg either worked in concentration camps or used prisoners for medical experiments of "unspeakable cruelty", said Telford Taylor, the prosecutor at the trials.
Others took part in the "Aktion T4" programme to "eliminate people were considered to carry hereditary illnesses", said Sorbonne historian Johann Chapoutot, who reckons that between 70,000 and 200,000 died in the push between 1941 and 1945.
In the film, Cymes used testimony from experts such as Evelyne Shuster, of the University of Pennsylvania, and the surgeon and historian Yves Ternon from the University of Montpellier to show the scale of the cruelty and slaughter.
He concentrated on the atrocities committed by Karl Gebhardt, the personal physician of SS chief Heinrich Himmler, and his assistant Dr Herta Oberheuser.
But he also noted how the head of the "Aktion T4" programme, Viktor Brack, wanted to sterilise all Jews using X-rays, which he thought "be good value for money", writing to Himmler that it could be "carried out on several thousand subjects in a very short time".
While Sigmund Rascher, the SS doctor at the Dachau camp near Munich, tested how the body stood up to the cold and a lack of oxygen.
Cymes said that the documentary and the investigation into Hirt will not be the end of his inquiries.
"The subject is very personal for me and even though it is psychologically hard maybe I will continue digging for other films," he said.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Angry Pep Guardiola claimed referees have it in for Manchester City after the seventh red card under him.
Fernandinho was shown his third red card in six weeks, following a reckless first-half challenge on Burnley's Joey Gudmundsson.
Goals from Gael Clichy and Sergio Aguero gave City the win that moved them up to third, but all the talk afterwards centred on their latest red card shame.
Guardiola, who cut a tetchy and frustrated figure, said officials give City a raw deal and claimed Burnley's goal should have been disallowed for a foul on Claudio Bravo.
"It's always our fault, it's always City's fault," said Guardiola. "I saw other games. All around the world, the Burnley goal on Claudio Bravo is a foul.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
"Here and all around the world, the rules say the goalkeeper in the six yard box cannot be touched.
"I didn't see it [Fernandinho's challenge]. But I saw the foul for Claudio Bravo, that was definite.
"Now we're going to accept the three or four game bani. But remember it was a foul [on Bravo]. I have to understand the rules here in England."
(Photo: AFP/Getty)
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: REUTERS)
Burnley boss Sean Dyche was adamant Fernandinho's challenge warranted a red card.
"Many years ago, when I played, that would probably have been a yellow card," said Dyche.
"But nowadays they talk about the scissor movement and coming off the ground. It's not terrible, but it's a sending-off by modern standards."
Although Guardiola is only six months into his three-year City contract, he has suggested he is already nearing the end of his coaching career.
(Photo: 2017 Getty Images)
(Photo: Getty Image)
"I will be at Manchester for the next three seasons, maybe more, but I am arriving at the end of my coaching career, of this I am sure," Guardiola told NBC.
"I will not be on the bench until I'm 60 or 65 years old. I feel that the the process of my goodbye has already started."
Asked to clarify his comments in the interview, Guarduiola said: "It [City] might be one of my last teams - because I decide so."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An air ambulance is on standby ready to fly Alfie Evans to Italy for treatment - as the sick toddler continues to "fight for his life", his family's legal team say.
A fresh hearing on Alfie's case is set to take place in Manchester this afternoon, more than 18 hours after his life support was reportedly withdrawn.
The 23-month-old's parents are to again ask a High Court judge to let their son travel to an Italian hospital, according to the Christian Legal Centre (CLC).
A barrister representing them "will argue that it cannot be in Alfie's best interests to be left to die in Alder Hey Children's Hospital" in Liverpool.
"He will argue that Alfie should be allowed to travel to Italy where doctors are ready to care for him," a spokeswoman for the CLC said this afternoon.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Alfie Evans: Live updates as toddler given legal lifeline with ANOTHER hearing '15 hours after life support switched off'
She added that an air ambulance is currently "waiting" near the hospital.
The CLC told Mirror Online an ambulance at Alder Hey would transport the little boy to the aircraft, should the judge permit him to fly abroad.
It comes after Alfie's dad, Tom Evans, said his son had been breathing unassisted and was "still alive" hours after his life support was 'turned off'.
Speaking to reporters outside hospital this morning, Tom, 21, claimed: "For nine hours Alfie's been breathing for now. He's still breathing now."
He added: "It's come to a point when his mum's actually asleep next to him so she can go to sleep, she feels comfortable with him."
(Image: AFP)
Shortly after, the father took to Facebook to confirm his son was "still alive" following more than 10 "horrendous", "scary" and "heartbreaking" hours.
Meanwhile, Alfie's mum, Kate James, wrote on the dedicated Alfies Army Official Facebook page that the toddler had been "allowed oxygen and water".
Sharing a picture of him being cuddled, she remarked: “How amazing is he... no matter what happens he has already proved these doctors wrong.
"How beautiful does he look.”
Mr Justice Hayden is scheduled to oversee today's hearing in the Family Division of the High Court, which was due to start at around 3.30pm.
The CLC, which is assisting Tom and Alfie's mum, Kate James, said the judge would be asked to allow medical experts in Italy to examine Alfie.
The spokeswoman said medics at Alder Hey had stopped providing "ventilation support" to Alfie last night - but that he "continued to breathe independently".
"Alfie has survived much longer than the doctors predicted, lending support to the request from Alfie's parents for Alfie to be seen by medical experts in Italy," she said.
The CLC claims "the court and the hospital should welcome the intervention of the Italian government and let Alfie travel to Italy".
Andrea Williams, chief executive of Christian Concern, linked to the CLC, said: “Alfie continues to fight for his life in an extraordinary way, as do his parents and our lawyers.
“We welcome the intervention of the Italian government and are grateful that they stand ready to take Alfie to Italy.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
“A common sense approach must now be for Mr Justice Hayden to discharge all the court orders which detain Alfie and seek to end his life in Alder Hey, and give him the chance to be treated and looked after in Italy."
She added: “We urge the court to allow Alfie to travel to Italy today.”
Yesterday, Mr Justice Hayden had dismissed a "last-ditch appeal" by Tom and Kate, who have both desperately fought to keep their child alive.
The judge had said doctors at Alder Hey could stop providing life-support treatment to the toddler, who has a mystery brain condition.
Alfie's parents asked for a delay to give them time to mount a further challenge.
But the judge refused their application and gave doctors the go-ahead to stop treatment and bring the youngster's life to an end.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Mr Justice Hayden analysed issues at a hearing in the Family Division of the High Court late yesterday. The judge heard submissions from lawyers representing hospital bosses, Alfie's parents and the toddler via a telephone link.
Speaking outside Alder Hey earlier today, Tom said his son's life-support should be reinstated due to his remarkable progress.
"He is still working, he's doing as good as he can," he told reporters.
"But we do need him to be supported ... in the next hour it's going to be hard but we will need him to be supported in the next hour or two.
"Because he's been doing it for nine hours totally unexpected, the doctors are gobsmacked and I do believe he will need some form of life-support in the next couple of hours and I think he ought to be respected and given that."
(Image: Facebook)
Alfie's parents want treatment to continue and to fly him to a hospital in Rome.
His case has been highlighted by the Pope, who expressed support for the couple, and he has been granted Italian citizenship.
Tom and Kate have lost two rounds of High Court fights.
Judges have heard that Alfie, born in May 2016, is in a "semi-vegetative state" and has a degenerative, undiagnosed neurological condition.
Specialists say his brain has been "eroded".
In February, Mr Justice Hayden had ruled that doctors at Alder Hey could stop treating Alfie against the wishes of his parents following hearings in the Family Division of the High Court in London and Liverpool.
(Image: Instagram)
Specialists at Alder Hey said life support treatment should stop, and Mr Justice Hayden said he accepted medical evidence which showed that further treatment was futile.
He also said flying Alfie to a foreign hospital would be wrong and pointless.
Court of Appeal judges upheld his decisions. Supreme Court justices and European Court of Human Rights judges refused to intervene.
The couple then argued Alfie was being wrongly "detained" at Alder Hey and made a habeas corpus application. Mr Justice Hayden dismissed that application.
Appeal judges upheld Mr Justice Hayden's decision.
On Friday, Supreme Court justices said they would not intervene.
Early yesterday, EHCR judges also refused to intervene.
On April 24, Armenians around the world commemorate the tragic events that occurred during World War I in the then-Ottoman Empire, when more than a million of Armenians were killed or starved to death.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan sent a letter Tuesday to the Armenian Patriarchate of Istanbul, expressing condolences to the Armenian people over the tragic events of 1915.
"You have gathered today under the roof of the Armenian Patriarchate of Istanbul to remember the Ottoman Armenians who lost their lives during the fierce and harsh conditions of the First World War. Once again, I remember with respect the Ottoman Armenians who lost their lives, and offer my sincere condolences to their children and descendants," the statement, published on Erdoğan's official website says.
The statement further notes that throughout history, the Turks have always been a nation that shared in sufferings, never discriminating between people or putting them against each other.
"To be aware of the sufferings of our Armenian citizens in history and to share these pains is a requirement of the conscientious and moral posture of the Turkish Nation," the statement says.
The Turkish leader further expressed hope that Armenian citizens who live in Turkey would avoid helping those who resort to creating hatred, grudge, and hostility by distorting our common history.
READ MORE: Hundreds of Yerevan Residents Commemorate Genocide of Armenians (PHOTO)
Armenian-Turkish relations are negatively influenced by what is recognized as the genocide of Armenians by Armenia and dozens of other countries. Around 1.2 million Armenians were killed or starved to death by the Ottoman Empire during and after World War I. Turkey has repeatedly denied accusations of committing mass murder against Armenians, claiming that the victims of tragedy were both Turks and Armenians.
Andrew Phelps, Director for the state Office of Emergency Management, talks to Governor Kate Brown and First Gentleman Dan Little at Mahonia Hall about the first week's supplies to add to their personal preparedness kit for the Cascadia Subduction Zone earthquake.
MOLLY J. SMITH / Statesman Journal
SALEM, Ore. — The head of Oregon's Office of Emergency Management is apologizing after his agency sent a vague wireless emergency alert about Salem's contaminated drinking water advisory.
"This was a failure on our part," Andrew Phelps, director of the emergency agency, said in a video posted to social media.
The alert to cellphones told residents simply “Civil Emergency” and “Prepare for Action” and left off that the threat was toxic algae at a local water supply, according to The Associated Press.
Phelps said the integrated public alert and warning system "inadvertently defaulted to a generic message." He said agency officials rushed to give updates on social media and manually override the generic message, pushing another alert with information on the water advisory.
Salem city officials on Tuesday released a do-not-drink advisory after low levels of toxins were discovered in city drinking water from the North Santiam River.
More: State, city officials won't supply water as contamination alert drags on in Oregon
More: False ballistic missile alert rattles Hawaii
The advisory is for children younger than 6 years old and vulnerable populations, including dialysis patients and those with compromised immune systems. Officials say there is no danger for healthy adults drinking the water, which is also used in other towns, including Stayton and Turner.
The advisory set off a run on bottled water at local grocery stores, and city officials remain unsure when the warning will be lifted.
In an interview Wednesday with the Statesman Journal, Phelps said Tuesday marked the first time the state had used its wireless emergency alert system.
"As soon as we saw it on our own phones, yeah, we knew pretty quickly that it did not work the way we had expected it to work," he said.
Phelps said a senior IT staff member trained on the emergency alert system typed in the message with approval from an executive duty officer, he said.
For the alert, the city of Salem had adapted language from the Oregon Health Authority.
Marion County did not send the alert because it doesn't have that ability, so the Marion Area Multi-Agency Emergency Telecommunications Dispatch Center in Woodburn was asked to send it, said Jolene Kelley, spokeswoman for Marion County.
However, a technical issue stopped the dispatch center from being able to send it, so the Office of Emergency Management was contacted as a backup, Kelley said.
"Generally these messages ... get sent out at the local level or if it's a weather issue, they get sent out by the National Weather Service," Phelps said. "So, this was the first time we've ever initiated a wireless emergency alert."
More: Salem's water contaminated by toxic algae: What we know
More: Hawaii emergency worker who sent false missile alert: 'I'm really not to blame in this'
Phelps said no testing options exist for the wireless alerts, though the television and radio alert system is tested weekly. He said officials are trained on the emergency alert system via Federal Emergency Management Agency trainings posted online.
Phelps said the wireless alert went to phones within the area served by the affected water system, while another alert went to television and radio broadcasters that serve the affected area.
"We are conducting a forensic analysis of the steps we took to send this message and to ensure our procedures are written and practiced in a way that will prevent confusing messages from being sent ... in the future," Phelps said.
The Office of Emergency Management said in an earlier statement Tuesday: "This was a technology issue which OEM is currently working to learn how and why it happened."
Policy expert Jim Moore pointed to similarities between Oregon's blunder and an incident earlier this year when an emergency alert in Hawaii warned of a ballistic missile strike that sparked massive panic.
"Just like Hawaii and the missile alert, there is work to do," said Moore, director of the Tom McCall Center for Policy Innovation at Pacific University.
"Whether this was software, human error, or confused communications, the first message just created a mild form of panic. It is the job of OEM's communications to actually communicate to the public, not confuse it," Moore said.
Still, Moore said, clearer communications in the past have spurred other problems, such as an incident in the 1980s where a tsunami warning for areas along the coast drew spectators from the Willamette Valley wanting to see the event.
"This points out the problem," Moore said. "It is not just the quality of communication from OEM, it is the listeners' abilities to act appropriately on that information that will determine how people deal with the 'big one,' out there somewhere off the coast."
Follow Jonathan Bach on Twitter: @jonathanmbach
Contaminated drinking water in Salem Store closure signs on the Starbucks at Lancaster and Silverton Road. Many local businesses are closed due to the Salem drinking water contamination. 01 / 24 Store closure signs on the Starbucks at Lancaster and Silverton Road. Many local businesses are closed due to the Salem drinking water contamination. 01 / 24
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
It may just put the Avengers in the shade - Tesco Mobile has announced a new superhero team-up as it joins forces with Cancer Research UK to battle the illness head-on.
Pink and (rose gold) mobile phone deals sold on a Tesco Mobile pay monthly contract will now earn a £5 donation to Cancer Research UK. The only catch? This runs from May 30 to June 26, so be quick if you want to feel that little bit better about your new phone purchase.
The pink handsets on offer include the Samsung Galaxy S8, Apple's iPhone SE and Huawei P20. Or you can see the full selection by heading here, opening the filter options and choosing pink as your colour.
The iPhone SE in pink, better known as rose gold, is available here on a £17.25 per month contract which offers 2GB of double data, 5000 minutes and 5000 texts. From that amount £5 will be donated to Cancer Research UK.
The team-up is a part of Cancer Research UK's Race for Life which aids research in over 200 types of cancer. Tesco Mobile has been working with the charity on Race for Life since 2002 to raise over £40 million in total.
© Alamy Stock Photo
© Guardian
"The big question is: how active are these volcanoes? That is something we need to determine as quickly as possible."
Scientists have uncovered the largest volcanic region on Earth - two kilometres below the surface of the vast ice sheet that covers west Antarctica.The project, by Edinburgh University researchers, has revealed almost 100 volcanoes - with the highest as tall as the Eiger, which stands at almost 4,000 metres in Switzerland.Geologists say this huge region is likely to dwarf that of east Africa's volcanic ridge, currently rated the densest concentration of volcanoes in the world.And the activity of this range could have worrying consequences, they have warned. "If one of these volcanoes were to erupt it could further destabilise west Antarctica's ice sheets," said glacier expert Robert Bingham, one of the paper's authors. "Anything that causes the melting of ice - which an eruption certainly would - is likely to speed up the flow of ice into the sea.The Edinburgh volcano survey, reported in the Geological Society'sspecial publications series, involved studying the underside of the west Antarctica ice sheet for hidden peaks of basalt rock similar to those produced by the region's other volcanoes. Their tips actually lie above the ice and have been spotted by polar explorers over the past century.But how many lie below the ice? This question was originally asked by the team's youngest member, Max Van Wyk de Vries, an undergraduate at the university's school of geosciences and a self-confessed volcano fanatic. He set up the project with the help of Bingham. Their study involved analysing measurements made by previous surveys, which involved the use of ice-penetrating radar, carried either by planes or land vehicles, to survey strips of the west Antarctic ice.The results were then compared with satellite and database records and geological information from other aerial surveys. "Essentially, we were looking for evidence of volcanic cones sticking up into the ice," Bingham said.These newly discovered volcanoes range in height from 100 to 3,850 metres. All are covered in ice, which sometimes lies in layers that are more than 4km thick in the region. These active peaks are concentrated in a region known as the west Antarctic rift system, which stretches 3,500km from Antarctica's Ross ice shelf to the Antarctic peninsula."We were amazed," Bingham said. "We had not expected to find anything like that number. We have almost trebled the number of volcanoes known to exist in west Antarctica. We also suspect there are even more on the bed of the sea that lies under the Ross ice shelf, so that I think it is very likely this region will turn out to be the densest region of volcanoes in the world, greater even than east Africa, where mounts Nyiragongo, Kilimanjaro, Longonot and all the other active volcanoes are concentrated."The discovery is particularly important because the activity of these volcanoes could have crucial implications for the rest of the planet. If one erupts, it could further destabilise some of the region's ice sheets, which have already been affected by global warming. Meltwater outflows into the Antarctic ocean could trigger sea level rises. "We just don't know about how active these volcanoes have been in the past," Bingham said.However, he pointed to one alarming trend: "The most volcanism that is going in the world at present is in regions that have only recently lost their glacier covering - after the end of the last ice age. These places include Iceland and Alaska."Theory suggests that this is occurring because, without ice sheets on top of them, there is a release of pressure on the regions' volcanoes and they become more active."And this could happen in west Antarctica, where significant warming in the region caused by climate change has begun to affect its ice sheets. If they are reduced significantly, this could release pressure on the volcanoes that lie below and lead to eruptions that could further destabilise the ice sheets and enhance sea level rises that are already affecting our oceans."It is something we will have to watch closely," Bingham said.
© John Moore/Getty Images
The Department of Health and Human Services placed more than a dozen immigrant children in the custody of human traffickers after it failed to conduct background checks of caregivers, according to a Senate report released on Thursday.Examining how the federal agency processes minors who arrive at the border without a guardian, lawmakers said they found that it had not followed basic practices of child welfare agencies, like making home visits.The Senate's Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations opened its inquiry after law enforcement officials uncovered a human trafficking ring in Marion, Ohio, last year."It is intolerable that human trafficking - modern-day slavery - could occur in our own backyard," said Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio and the chairman of the subcommittee. "But what makes the Marion cases even more alarming is that a U.S. government agency was responsible for delivering some of the victims into the hands of their abusers."In addition to the Marion cases, the investigation found evidence thatThe report also said that it was unclear how many of the approximately 90,000 children the agency had placed in the past two years fell prey to traffickers, including sex traffickers, because it does not keep track of such cases."Whatever your views on immigration policy, everyone can agree that the administration has a responsibility to ensure the safety of the migrant kids that have entered government custody until their immigration court date," Mr. Portman said.In the fall of 2013, thousands of unaccompanied children began showing up at the southern border . Most risked abuse by traffickers and detention by law enforcement to escape dire problems like gang violence and poverty in Central America.As detention centers struggled to keep up with the influx, the Department of Health and Human Services began placing children in the custody of sponsors who could help them while their immigration cases were reviewed. Many children who did not have relatives in the United States were placed in a system resembling foster care.But officials at times did not examine whether an adult who claimed to be a relative actually was, relying on the word of parents, who, in some cases, went along with the traffickers to pay off smuggling debts.Responding to the report, the Department of Health and Human Services said it had taken measures to strengthen its system, collecting information to subject potential sponsors and additional caregivers in a household to criminal background checks.Mark Greenberg, the agency's acting assistant secretary of the Administration for Children and Families, said it had bolstered other screening procedures and increased resources for minors."We are mindful of our responsibilities to these children and are continually looking for ways to strengthen our safeguards," he said.
Judwaa 2 is a blockbuster. A 100 crore blockbuster. And the movie has achieved this feat in just 7.5 days! The master of comedies, David Dhawan, has delivered a total family entertainer this festive season which has shattered records at the box office. Varun Dhawan, who has reprised the iconic roles of Raja and Prem in the rebooted Judwaa 2 is obviously touched by the love people have given the film.
Varun says, “It is extremely heartening when you receive so much love. As an actor You always have to entertain people. With Judwaa 2 our objective was to give everyone, across all age groups a very good time at the theatres where they laugh their hearts out.”
After a long, long time, rare visuals of people dancing at the theatres on Judwaa 2 songs from across India have surfaced. Videos of people cheering on a hero's entry which does not often happen today have flooded social media. The power of a genuine Bollywood entertainer have left everyone in the industry happy.
Varun says he is delighted as an artist to have entertained audiences. “I feel satisfied as an artist that I have made someone happy while seeing our movie. I'm most happy that I got to team up with my dad again. He is probably the most successful director in the last 30 years.”
Trending :
He thanks, audiences by saying, “A big big thank you to the audiences for giving me and the entire team of Judwaa 2 this incredible moment and the biggest hit of my career.”
Produced by Sajid Nadiadwala, Judwaa 2 is being presented by Fox Star Studios. It also stars Jacqueline Fernandez and Taapsee Pannu in lead roles.
An earthquake with a magnitude of 5.7 has struck northwest of the South Pacific island nation of Vanuatu, the US Geological Survey says.The quake today was initially reported with a magnitude of 6.0 but was later downgraded by the USGS.It was recorded at aand was located around 250km northwest of Vanuatu's Santo island, the USGS said.There was no immediate tsunami warning or any reports of damage or casualties.Source: AAP
Sleep is among the most basic human needs, essential to a person's well-being, and it turns out that the lack thereof can lead to unexpected negative consequences.
Researchers from Yale University came to the conclusion that poor sleep can lead to heavier consumption of alcohol among young people.
The study conducted by an associate professor of psychiatry, Lisa Fucito, involved 42 young people who had previously reported excessive consumption of alcohol.
Every day, in the course of one week, the participants in the study filled out questionnaires, in which they wrote down the amount of alcohol they consumed. At the same time, they were wearing devices to measure their sleeping patterns.
READ MORE: Scientists Link Lack of Sleep to Aging, ‘Every One of the Major Diseases'
The research showed that a short sleep and early recovery subsequently lead to a greater consumption of alcohol. At the same time, those who consume large amounts of alcohol tend to go to bed later than their "sober" counterparts.
"These preliminary findings support further investigating sleep as an alcohol risk pathway in young adults as well as the potential for improved sleep to reduce this risk," the authors wrote.
Earlier, scientists from the University of California in Los Angeles found that lack of sleep slows brain activity, which, in turn, can lead to cognitive disorders, causing temporary memory dips and vision problems.
Team STARD have one full time entry in the 2018 FIA World Rallycross Championship with Janis Baumanis competing in all twelve rounds of the season, however there were two Ford Fiestas's for the Austrian team at Silverstone.
The former FIA World Touring Car Championship race winner Ma Qing Hua made his debut in World RX last weekend at the 2018 World RX of Great Britain, making him the first Chinese driver to enter the series.
However it was a difficult debut for the former Formula E driver as he got used to the Ford Fiesta Supercar that he had last driven back in March at the pre-season test held at Loheac in France.
After completing the first Qualifying session, Ma jumped the start twice in his Q2 race which saw him disqualified. Despite this, Team Principal Manfred Stohl explains that this was a learning curve for his new driver.
“It was clear that you could not expect any miracles from him at the first meeting with the best rallycross drivers in the world. After the bad start at the beginning he might have put a little too much pressure on the second time. But that's part of the learning process,” explained Stohl.
“In any case the fast sector times, which Ma drove on the second day in between, are definitely positive. This shows us that he has a good baseline speed. Everything else comes with time and I am convinced that every mistake makes him stronger. “
Janis Baumanis had a less than impressive event during the new Speed Machine Festival as he was battling the flu as well as the other twenty two drivers in the field.
Despite this, the Latvin driver pushed on with the task of trying to make the Semi-Finals. Unfortunately an incident with 2017 FIA European Rallycross Champion Anton Marklund ended his run with fourteenth place overall at the end of Qualifying.
“Unfortunately, Anton Marklund drove into the car in during Qualifying race three and this damaged the car. So Janis ended up with the slowest time of the field during that session,” said Stohl.
“After that session was over, this ended our hopes of making the Semi-Final's in England.”
NEW YORK — Spotify is adding some bells and whistles to its free app.
On Tuesday, the music streaming platform announced it has redesigned its mobile app for non-paying Spotify users. It now features new tools previously only available to premium subscribers, such as new music discovery, personalization and low data mode.
The move is part of an effort to attract more paying subscribers. Spotify said 60% of premium users began on the free service.
“We're doing this because we know it will help us drive growth,” Gustav Söderström, Spotify's chief research and development officer, said at an event in New York City.
Users who don't pay $9.99 per month for the premium tier can now access 15 playlists on the app, such as Daily Mix and Discover Weekly. Daily Mix learns what types of music you listen to and suggest songs you may like. The popular Discover Weekly playlist is aimed at helping user's find new music.
Related: Spotify valued at nearly $30 billion in unusual Wall Street debut
Another new feature cuts down on data consumption by 75%. The premium app has long had an offline mode: Paying users can listen to pre-download playlists or songs without racking up cell phone bills.
There are 90 million users on its free tier, and 71 million paying subscribers. The company expects its overall audience could top 200 million monthly users by the end of this year.
The update marks the company's first major news announcement since it went public early this month.
It will roll out globally to users in the next few weeks.
FILE PHOTO: Bottles of Johnnie Walker whisky move along on the production line at the Diageo owned Shieldhall bottling plant in Glasgow, Scotland March 24, 2011. REUTERS/David Moir/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Bottles of Johnnie Walker whisky move along on the production line at the Diageo owned Shieldhall bottling plant in Glasgow, Scotland March 24, 2011. REUTERS/David Moir/File Photo
LONDON Diageo, the world's largest spirits maker, spotted in 2015 that drinkers in the emerging middle class in Ghana and Cameroon were keen to show off their new status by buying their own bottles of Johnnie Walker rather than shots.
The company increased production of smaller bottles, helping to lift Johnnie Walker sales 12 percent in Africa in the first half of its 2017 fiscal year and contributing to Diageo's first sales growth in Scotch in over three years.
Diageo and spirits peers including Pernod Ricard and Brown-Forman were hurt by a slowdown starting in 2013 in emerging markets where they had found much of their growth. The world leader particularly suffered, as its wholesalers had large stocks to run down.
Chief Executive Ivan Menezes called 2016 a "transition year" to get back on track following changes to make Diageo more responsive, including removing management layers and giving more power to local managers, such as the ones in Africa who noticed the demand for smaller bottles.
"What's happened is that global and local got a lot closer," said Stephen White, Diageo's general manager for African innovation.
"It's definitely sped things up and it's a better set-up certainly for a market like Africa where you need a more entrepreneurial space to be able to operate."
Diageo's half-year results in January were the strongest of Menezes' three-year tenure, and signaled to investors that his turnaround plan was working.
He has put a much keener focus in the business on Scotch which is made in Scotland and accounts for more than a quarter of Diageo's sales, a third of its profits and derives the majority of its sales in emerging markets.
Aside from expanding the reach and improving the marketing of premium, global brands like Johnnie Walker, the strategy for emerging markets includes offering more lower-priced whisky brands, including VAT 69, White Horse and Black & White.
Black & White recently became the top-selling Scotch in recession-hit Brazil, Diageo said, following sales growth of 58 percent there in the most recent period.
WEAK SPOTS
Still, Liberum analyst Alicia Forry downgraded the shares to "sell" in January, noting that the improvement was already priced in. While she acknowledged the better performance, particularly in Johnnie Walker, she said people "should not get carried away" since other Diageo brands were struggling.
The vodka brand Smirnoff fell 2 percent, hurt by ongoing discounting. A spokeswoman for Diageo acknowledged that it was a tough category and said: "There is more work to do in recruiting and re-recruiting multi-cultural consumers as well as Gen X and baby boomers".
Beer, which represents 16 percent of Diageo's sales, was also lackluster with flat sales. Guinness, its main beer brand, has faced increased competition, from craft beers in North America and Europe, and cheaper brews like Anheuser-Busch InBev's Hero and its own local brand Satsenbrau, in the important market of Nigeria.
Following the 2015 divestiture of Diageo's wine business, analysts have speculated that Diageo could sell the beer division to focus exclusively on spirits. Diageo has repeatedly said beer is key to its strategy in Africa, as it provides a distribution platform for spirits.
Another weak spot for Diageo, analysts say, is its relatively small position in bourbon whiskey, a growing market due to a resurgence of classic cocktails in the United States where bourbon is made.
Diageo's Bulleit bourbon grew net sales 29 percent in the first half, but its overall position remains small versus rivals Beam Suntory [BSI.UL] and Brown-Forman. However, its Canadian Crown Royal whiskey brand has gained market share and gives it a large foothold in the wider category of North American whiskey which includes bourbon.
SALES CHANGE
As part of its efforts to react more quickly to trends, Diageo said in late 2013 it would change its sales focus, to monitor not only what it sells to wholesalers, but also what they sell to retailers. This is seen as a better measure of what people are drinking and is meant to make sales more consistent.
That change hit Diageo's sales in 2014 and 2015 as wholesale customers worked through stocks, but Janus Capital analyst Greg Kuczynski said it should make for a smoother business and a higher stock price.
"There are a lot of investment shops that probably turned away from a company like Diageo because they just don't want to have exposure to the stocking and destocking cycles which can be so painful," said Kuczynski, whose firm is a top 60 Diageo shareholder, according to Reuters data.
The measure also gives real-time data that can speed up forecasting, decision-making and innovation. Johnnie Walker used such sales data from the September launch of its first limited-edition experiment, Red Rye Finish, to better allocate stock for its second one.
It has helped cut the time it takes to get new products to market down to an average of 34 weeks. Johnnie Walker Green Label, largely discontinued in 2012, was brought back in 2016 in only 9 weeks, it said.
Diageo also says the business has benefited from increased investment made possible by a "zero-based budgeting" system to help it save 500 million pounds over three years.
The company may also be on the cusp of more changes, given the arrival in January of a new chairman, Javier Ferran, a drinks industry and private equity veteran.
"Companies do not change overnight, however we think Diageo could start to look different," said Jefferies analyst Edward Mundy. He mentioned more cost cutting and the possible sale of the beer business if needed to fund a buyout of Moet Hennessy, of which Diageo owns a stake.
(Editing by Anna Willard)
New Delhi: Here's what's making headlines on Sunday:
Army told to shoot countless bullets to retaliate a single fire from Pakistani forces: Rajnath Singh
India wanted peaceful relations with Pakistan, but forces have been told that if one bullet comes from across the border, they should fire countless bullets to retaliate, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said on Saturday night. Read more.
UP Minister calls Kasganj violence a minor incident, says no need to pay heed
While the situation remains volatile in Kasganj in Uttar Pradesh in view of the communal clashes that took place, Uttar Pradesh minister Satyadev Pachauri has called the violence a "minor incident". Read more
Oil tanker with 22 Indians goes missing off West African coast
An oil tanker with 22 Indians onboard is presumably missing off the coast of Benin in the Gulf of Guinea. Read more.
PM Narendra Modi to address massive rally in Bengaluru on Sunday
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address a massive BJP rally in Bengaluru on Sunday that marks the conclusion of the party's 90-day Nava Nirman Parivarthan yatra across poll-bound Karnataka. Read more.
Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman visits forward posts in Ladakh
Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Saturday visited the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir and interacted with soldiers guarding the border with China. Read more.
Donald Trump says Republican memo vindicates him in Russia probe
US President Donald Trump has said that a controversial memo attacking federal law enforcement written by congressional Republicans vindicates him in the investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016 US presidential election. Read more.
Lakme Fashion Week: Sushmita Sen walks to the tunes of Umrao Jaan
Former beauty queen Sushmita Sen was a delight to watch when she regally floated down the ramp on 'Umrao Jaan' hit song 'In aankhon ki masti' wearing a lehenga, glittering choli and diaphanous dual dupattas by brand Kotwara by Meera and Muzaffar Ali at Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2018. Read more.
According to the latest report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Biological Safety Cabinets Market (Class I, Class II – type A1, type A2, type B1, type B2; & Class III): Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016-2023,” the biological safety/biosafety cabinetsmarket was valued at USD151.4Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD267.2 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of 7.4% from 2016 to 2023.
Browse the full report Biological Safety Cabinets:Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016-2023report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/biological-safety-cabinets-market
Market Insights
Investments in R&D initiatives in research, academia and industrial applicationsdue the growing need introduce novel products in the market and handling of critical and bio-hazardous elements has led to growth in demand for biological safety cabinets. Rapid development of biotechnology and research sectors in Asia Pacific on the grounds of government initiatives and outsourcing activities is the key driver of the global biological safety cabinets and laboratory equipment market.
The need to safeguard product, agent, personnel and environment from biohazard exposure and cross-contamination during procedures is on a gradual rise due to growth in handling of critical agents. Biosafety cabinets are designed for safe handling of such products and are particularly designed for such applications in pharmaceutical, industrial, clinical and life science laboratories.Decision to purchase a particular type of is critical for any laboratory and must be taken based on desired use and capabilities. Biosafety cabinets inn varying degrees offer personnel protection, environmental protection and product protection.
Browse All Reports of This Category @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/industry/biotechnology-market
Based on the degree and type of safety provided, the scientific community has established classification criteria to categorize biological safety as class I, class II (type A1, type A2, type B1 and type B2), and class III biosafety cabinets. At present class I cabinets are the most purchased product option in the global marke.t However, with the burgeoning and shuffles occurring in the life sciences industry, the demand for class II biological safety cabinets is the highest and will continue through the forecast period.
Based on geographical distribution, North America is the largest regional market for biological safety cabinets. The region contributed over 30% of the total market revenue in 2016. Flourishing biotechnology, life science and pharmaceutical industries in Asia Pacific will make the region the fastest growing region through 2023 and will closely challenge the dominance of North America and Europe markets. However, high costs of equipment and any possible slag in infrastructural development owing to budget challenges may hold back the growth of this market.
The biological safety cabinets market is highly fragmented considering the presence of a multitude of large- and small-scale market players. The multi-national market players always face challenge from small local players, as the later efficiently compete in terms of product pricing. Rapid introduction of new products, applications and flourishing Asian markets will further intensify the market competition through the forecast period.
About Credence Research:
Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task.
For More Information, Visit: Credence Research
Media Contact
Company Name: Credence Research
Contact Person: Chris Smith,
Designation: Global Sales Manager
Phone: 1-800-361-8290 FREE
Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE,
CA 95103
E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com
RICHMOND, Va. – A 40-pound concrete pig bound for auction was stolen from Lunch & Supper property in Scott's Addition, between Wednesday, April 12 and Monday, April 17 – when the pig was noted missing.
The PBR pig is part of the “Big Pig Project” at Lunch & Supper, which is a benefit for the Ronald McDonald House Charities of Richmond.
The 40-pound concrete pig is sponsored by Loveland Beer Distributors and is scheduled to go up for auction along with other painted and Richmond-themed pigs.
The Big Pig Project will be held at the restaurant from noon to 6 p.m. on April 22. Expect a “BBQ street festival” with the block around 1215 Summit Ave closed down for festivities. There will be multiple painted concrete garden pigs for auction, live country music, a local craft market, BBQ, beer, wine, and more.
Entry is free, but attendees are invited to leave a $5 suggested donation. You can read more about the event, here.
GENEVA: About 90 people are feared drowned after a smuggler's boat carrying mostly Pakistani migrants capsized off Libya's coast early Friday, the U.N.'s migration agency said.
Ten bodies have washed ashore near the Libyan town of Zuwara following the tragedy in the early morning, said International Organization for Migration spokeswoman Olivia Headon, citing information from its partner agencies.
“We are told that two survivors swam to shore, and one person was rescued by a fishing boat,” Headon said by phone from Tunisia's capital to reporters at the U.N. in Geneva. “We are working to get more details on the (capsizing) and where the survivors are so that we can assist them better.”
Initially, the Libyan coast guard said a patrol it sent out found no signs of a capsized boat, survivors, or drowned migrants. But late at night, it cited a statement from officials in Zuwara who said that 13 bodies had been found, all Pakistani except for one Libyan woman.
Pakistan's Foreign Ministry said 11 of its citizens had drowned in the incident. Ministry spokesman Mohammad Faisal told The Associated Press that Pakistani diplomats reached Libya's coastal area to collect more details and begin the process of repatriating the bodies of the deceased.
Headon said Pakistani nationals are increasing among the number of migrants attempting to cross the Mediterranean to Italy and Europe via Libya.
By nationality, Pakistanis last year made up the 13th largest nationality represented among migrants making the crossing, but they were the third-largest contingent in January.
Headon said the reason for the increasing flow of Pakistanis wasn't immediately clear, nor whether the greater influx is likely to continue, but added: “We're looking into it.”
loading...
Plans to build 150 new homes in Hatton Park were due to be heard tonight (Tuesday) but have been withdrawn,
Taylor Wimpey, who have submitted the application, want to build 150 homes on land to the north of Birmingham Road.
The plans were due to go before Warwick District Council's planning committee tonight.
This is the second time that the plans have been withdrawn from a planning committee meeting agenda. The plans were also set to go before the planning committee on March 27 but they were removed from the agenda at the request of the developer.
It has been recommended by planning officers that councillors approve the plans.
On the planning portal the plans received 58 letters of objection.
The site has been identified for housing development in the Warwick District Local Plan, which was formally adopted in September 2017.
To view the plans search W/17/2415 on the planning portal.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nursery staff have advised parents to be vigilant to symptoms of worms after a child became infected.
The preschool, based in Cheltenham, Glos, has issued an alert to parents and visitors about the condition, which is common and can spread easily.
In cases where children contract worms, it means the entire family will need to undergo treatment and follow strict hygiene procedures.
These include cutting fingernails, changing bed linen, washing hands and scrubbing nails as well as morning baths or showers.
So what signs should parents look out for?
WARNING: Further down this article there is an image of a poo with worms
Threadworms, also called pinworms, look like pieces of white thread in your poo and can also be seen around your child's bottom and can come out at night while your child is sleeping.
They do not cause any harm and get into the body when people ingest eggs that can be found on contaminated hands, toilets, kitchen counters and food.
(Image: Science Photo Library)
What are the symptoms?
The most common symptoms are extreme itching around the anus or vagina, particularly at night, irritability and waking up during the night, the NHS says.
Other less common signs of worms include weight loss, wetting the bed and irritated skin around the bottom.
What treatment is available?
You don't need to see a GP and a pharmacist can help with a table or liquid you can swallow. And you have to treat everyone in your household, even if they don't have symptoms.
However, if you need to treat a child under two, of if you are pregnant or breastfeeding, you may need to speak to your GP.
What can I do at home
Medicine will kill the threadworms, but not the eggs which can live for up to two weeks outside the body.
To avoid becoming infected again, it's vital to wash your hands properly after eating, using the toilet or changing nappies.
You can also bath or shower every morning, rinse toothbrushes, keep fingernails short, and disinfect kitchen and bathroom surfaces
What you shouldn't do
You should not shake clothing or bedding, to prevent eggs landing on other surfaces, share towels or flannels, bite nails or suck thumbs and fingers
But you don't need to stay off school, nursery or work with threadworms, Gloucestershire Live reports.
How threadworms spread
Threadworms spread when their eggs are swallowed. They lay eggs around your anus, which make it itchy. The eggs get stuck on your fingers when you scratch. They can then pass on to anything you touch.
Eggs can then pass to other people when they touch these surfaces and touch their mouth. They take around two weeks to hatch.
Children can get worms again after they've been treated for them if they get the eggs in their mouth. This is why it's important to encourage children to wash their hands regularly.
In one case, doctors thought a schoolgirl had appendicitis when in fact she had worms.
During the operation, surgeons found worms instead.
What does a poo with worms look like?
It looks like this:
Federal News Radio speaks with Recreation News Editor Marvin Bond about interesting things to do in and near the nation's capital. This week:
go to McHenry, Maryland and cheer on our winter athletes during the Olympic-themed Gold Medal Weekends at the Wisp ski resort (Feb. 9-11 and 23-25).
During the first Olympics, the ones in ancient Greece, the winner of a competition received not a gold medal, but a wreath made with the leaves of a wild olive tree.
For media planning purposes, the Office of @GeorgeHWBush will issue updates on #41 when we have something to update. Those updates would come through this Twitter feed first. Happily, our previous statement still stands: "responding and recovering." — Jim McGrath (@jgm41) April 24, 2018
Statement by the Office of @GeorgeHWBush on President Bush's health. pic.twitter.com/8UkB53JHqD — Jim McGrath (@jgm41) April 23, 2018
Sending healing thoughts of strength, along with prayers, for President George HW Bush tonight. — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) April 24, 2018
President George H.W. Bush has been hospitalized for an infection just after his wife Barbara's burial, but he is said to be getting better.A statement released Monday from Bush's office stated the former sitting president was admitted to Houston Methodist Hospital on Sunday morning "after contracting an infection that spread to his blood."On Tuesday, Bush's spokesperson added that the former president is "responding and recovering." He added that updates will only be issued if something changes, and for now, the previous statement still stands.The 93-year-old Bush was present for the public viewing Friday of his wife Barbara Bush at St. Martin's Episcopal Church. Barbara Bush passed away last Tuesday at 92.The couple had been married for 73 years.The following is the statement in full, released Monday by Bush chief of staff, Jim McGrath:Later Monday night, McGrath added that the former president has a goal to work toward:First Lady Melania Trump, who attended Barbara Bush's memorial services in Houston, offered her best wishes for a speedy recovery to President Bush:George H.W. Bush has faced varying medical issues in recent years, requiring stays of multiple days in the hospital. His recent stay was in April 2017 when he spent two weeks for pneumonia and chronic bronchitis.
Illinois lawmakers continued to work Wednesday on a budget deal ahead of the end of the legislative session on Thursday.The Senate is expected to take up a budget proposal Wednesday afternoon or evening after discussing some last-minute changes to the nearly $38 billion bipartisan spending package. The proposal includes some cuts to many different agencies, but nothing considered drastic.The budget does include the $350 million public school funding that was part of the reform package passed last year.Depending on how quickly the Senate acts, the House could quickly take up the bill with hopes of getting a budget plan on Gov. Bruce Rauner's desk by late Thursday.Budget negotiators, as well as the four legislative leaders, have been working on the budget for several months."I'm incredibly impressed with how much work has gone in on both sides of the aisle to try to get us to this point where were passing a budget that's going to be balanced, going to have a spending authority, and is going to sort of fulfill all the needs we have to do," said Sen. Tom Cullerton, D-Villa Park."We need to cut spending, we're spending way too much money in the state, we need to cut taxes. This budget continues the 32 percent increase in income tax. People are leaving this state, taxes are way too high," said state Rep. David Sweeney, R-Barrington Hills.
People have told Stephanie Killman that the pain of losing a loved one can fade with time, but she and her sisters, Harmony and Alicia have felt it everyday since their mother's murder last November.
From left Alicia Killman,29, Harmony Killman,13 Justice Duteau,10 and Stephanie Killman, 27 wear signs bearing the name of their beloved mother/grandmother, Treena Marie Ball, 46 who was murdered by her husband last November during the Red Dress Walk for Awareness in Enderby on October 4. (Erin Christie/Morning Star)
Erin Christie
Morning Star Staff
People have told Stephanie Killman that the pain of losing a loved one can fade with time, but she and her sisters, Harmony and Alicia have felt it everyday since their mother's murder last November.
“I was the one who found her —it was the worst day of my life.”
Her mother, Treena Marie Ball, 46 was found dead in her home on November 18, 2016. The body of her partner, Don Wayne Ball, 68, was also found in the house. According to an RCMP report a single firearm was used and the incident was confirmed by RCMP as a “murder-suicide,” and there was no evidence to indicate third party involvement.
“I knew the minute I got there that something wasn't right. I walked into the house and I was calling and calling and no one was answering,” Killman recalled.
As the only family member with an extra set of keys to her mother's Spruce Crescent home in Enderby, Killman, 27, said she went to the house that day because her stepfather's kids asked her to “check on things” after learning he hadn't shown up for work that morning.
“He killed her, and then himself. And we had no idea what had been going on—what would have led to that,” she said.
“We never saw them fighting or had any inkling that something might be wrong. But you never know what goes on behind closed doors.”
Alicia Killman, 29, echoed her younger sister, adding that as far as she knew, life at home had been “normal” for her mother, and she was happy.
“My mom was known around Enderby — everyone loved her,” Alicia said, “She was caring and thoughtful. She wore her heart on her sleeve, and people loved that about her. I loved that about her. I think her [funeral] was one of the biggest celebrations of life I had ever seen around here.”
Over the past year, Killman says she and her family have struggled to cope with the loss of their mother as they learn more about the events that led to her death.
“We heard later that she went to our band for help, to try and get out….It's hard enough to put yourself in the vulnerable position of asking for help in a situation like that…I can't imagine how she must have felt.”
Killman says she doesn't feel comfortable describing the “horrific” scene that greeted her when she entered her mother's home that day, but feels it's important to share what she can in the hope that others will “learn something,” from her mother's story, and take action.
“I'm still not really comfortable talking to people outside our circle of family and friends about what happened, but I'm trying because it's important to get the message out into the world, not just our small community, that this stuff happens. That it's real, and it doesn't just happen where people think. It happens close to home.”
For the Killmans, part of getting their message out means participating in events like The Red Dress Walk for Awareness, an annual event held to raise awareness for the untold numbers of missing and murdered Indigenous women and girls across Canada. During these events members of the public are asked to wear a red dress or to display a red dress in a public place as a symbol of hope and an acknowledgement that missing and murdered women have not been forgotten.
In Enderby, the event took place Wednesday along the shore of the Shuswap River near the Enderby Bridge, and was attended by roughly 50 people. Deanna Cook, who has organized Enderby's Red Dress Walk for the past two years, says in a small, close-knit community like hers, this particular subject hits close to home.
“In the last two years we have had five women taken from our community. Two were murdered and three are still missing in our community,” Cook said Wednesday morning, referring to Caitlin Potts, Ashley Simpson and Deanna Wertz.
“We have these events to remember those who are missing, and to remind people to keep looking for these women — people need to know that they will not be forgotten,” she said.
Caitlin Potts, 27, was last seen in February, 2016. The Cree mother from Alberta was reportedly in B.C., sorting out a troubled relationship with her ex-boyfriend when she went missing. B.C. RCMP released footage of the young woman entering Orchard Park Mall in Kelowna, from a surveillance video taken on Feb. 21, 2016. It's the last time she was seen. Ashley Simpson, 27, was last seen on April 27 of last year. Deanna Wertz, 46,was last seen in the early morning of July 19, 2016 at her residence on Yankee Flats Road.
According to data published by the Native Women's Association of Canada, Indigenous women made up three per cent of the country's female population in 2008, but suffered roughly 10 per cent of all female homicides that year. More than half of the cases occurred in the western provinces, with British Columbia and Alberta home to the highest numbers.
This year, Cook added, Red Dress walks took on additional meaning against the backdrop of the hearings that took place at the National Inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women, held this summer.
While the Red Dress Project, on which the walk is based, was initially created seven years ago by Jaime Black, a Metis artist from Winnipeg, to draw attention to missing and murdered Indigenous women specifically, Cook says she has broadened the scope of Enderby's walk to include “all women.”
“All women deserve to be safe in our communities,” she said. “We need to get the message that girls, all girls, need to stay safe. You can't just walk down the road at night anymore. And we're here trying to get the message out there that we should be able to walk alone and not be afraid—that the way things are right now, is not OK.”
New Delhi: The Indian economy is expected to see a gradual cyclical recovery with GVA growth averaging 6.7 percent this fiscal, slightly higher than 6.6 percent in 2016-17, says a Nomura report.
According to the Japanese financial services major, there could be some downside to the RBI's near-term projections.
"In our baseline, we expect some of the growth drag caused by demonetisation and GST to reverse and growth to recover from July-September quarter of 2017," Nomura said in a research note.
It however noted that though its lead indicators are signalling a pick-up in non-agriculture GDP growth, reduced sowing of crops and shortages of working capital since GST implementation suggest a more gradual uptick.
Moreover, investment also continues to hobble due to low capacity utilisation and bank balance sheet stress.
"Hence, we expect a gradual cyclical recovery, with GVA growth averaging 6.7 percent in 2017-18 from 6.6 percent in 2016-17, and GDP growth above 7 percent in 2018," the report noted.
On inflation, the report said it has risen from its trough, but mainly due to supply-side factors (food and GST) or statistical factors (HRA), while the demand-push inflation is largely absent.
"Vegetable prices have moderated again, which should lower headline inflation in October, but we expect core inflation to remain above 4.5 percent due to HRA," the report said adding the average CPI inflation is expected to be above 4.5 percent in 2018.
According to the report, the main risk to this view is weaker-than-expected growth due to the NPA drag and a more prolonged impact from the transitory factors.
Moreover, expenditure pruning by the government to meet its 2017-18 fiscal deficit target could also drag on growth and lead to inflation undershooting 4 percent, the report added.
Jack Goldsmith, writing in the Guardian, tells us that the “deep state” is real and dangerous. His assertions carry weight for two reasons.
First, Goldsmith should know. He was a high ranking Justice Department official — head the Office of Legal Counsel — during part of the George W. Bush administration. This placed him in the middle of issues regarding national security, electronic surveillance, and the like. He also worked closely with James Comey, including during the famous incident at Attorney General Ashcroft's hospital bed that made Comey famous (or at least a legend in his own mind).
Goldsmith is also author of Power and Constraint, a book I reviewed for the Federalist Society. Goldsmith's research kept him very much in touch with the deep state and issues relating to its power.
Second, Goldsmith is a strong critic of President Trump. Thus I view his agreement with Trump about the “deep state” as more significant than the concurrence of Trump's defenders, from whom we normally here such assertions.
It's also noteworthy that Goldsmith's column on the deep state appears in The Guardian, a left-wing organ. Remember, though, that the left, at times in the past, has been more inclined than the right to worry about the dangers posed by agencies like the CIA and the FBI.
At any rate, Goldsmith has this to say about the deep state and Donald Trump:
America doesn't have coups or tanks in the street. But a deep state of sorts exists here and it includes national security bureaucrats who use secretly collected information to shape or curb the actions of elected officials. . . . The deep state has been blamed for many things since Donald Trump became president, including by the president himself. Trump defenders have used the term promiscuously to include not just intelligence bureaucrats but a broader array of connected players in other administrative bureaucracies, in private industry, and in the media. But even if we focus narrowly on the intelligence bureaucracies that conduct and use information collected secretly in the homeland, including the FBI, National Security Agency (NSA), and National Security Council, there is significant evidence that the deep state has used secretly collected information opportunistically and illegally to sabotage the president and his senior officials – either as part of a concerted movement or via individuals acting more or less independently. . . . Since Trump was elected, unusually sensitive leaks of intelligence information designed to discredit him and his senior leadership have poured forth from current and former intelligence officials in the deep state.
(Emphasis added)
Goldsmith provides several examples. He then writes:
These leaks probably mark the first time ever that the content of foreign intelligence intercepts aimed at foreign agents that swept up US-person information was leaked. They clearly aimed to damage US persons – ones who happen to also be senior US government officials. They were unlawful and, beyond that, they violated two until-now strict taboos about leaks – first on revealing the content of foreign intelligence information collected through electronic surveillance, and second on revealing the content of incidentally collected information about American citizens. Many people, including many who are not in the Trump camp, have interpreted these leaks to violate a third taboo by marking a return to the Hoover-era FBI's use of secretly collected information to sabotage elected officials with adverse political interests.
In fact, the deep state's conduct towards the Trump administration goes beyond the realm of J. Edgar Hoover:
[W]hile Hoover did many awful things in quiet, neither during his reign nor at any other time in American history have we seen such a profusion of sensitive leaks from the deep state with such an overtly political aim to bring down senior leadership.
Remember, this isn't Sean Hannity. It's Jack Goldsmith.
Goldsmith has no doubt that the consequences of the deep state's abuses towards the Trump administration are grave:
[T]he whole ordeal has already done great damage to both the presidency and the national security bureaucracy. As deep state officials get a taste for the power that inheres in the selective revelation of such information, and if the leaks are not responded to with severe punishments, it is easy to imagine the tools that brought down Flynn being used in other contexts by national security bureaucrats with different commitments and interests. Even the most severe critics of Trump should worry about this subtle form of anti-democratic abuse. The big loser in all this will probably be the national security bureaucracy itself and, to the extent it is weakened, the security of the American people.
Exactly.
All of this notwithstanding, Goldsmith lamely suggests that special circumstances might have justified the deep state's assault on the Trump presidency. What special circumstances? Sally Yates (an anti-Trumper temporarily in charge of the Justice Department) thought that Michael Flynn might become a Russian agent, or something. Plus, there were hints of collusion between Russia and Trump, a matter already being investigated (by anti-Trumpers in the deep state).
Goldsmith makes no attempt to show that these circumstances did, in fact, justify the deep state's assault on the president. He simply allows it as a possibility.
But the deep state will always be able to cite, or gin up, “special circumstances” to justify its interference in our politics — just as, to return to the analogy with which Goldsmith begins his article — South American military leaders were always able to some up with special circumstances to justify military coups.
I think Goldsmith understands this. Maybe that's why the alarmist portions of his discussion of the deep state's conduct are so ringing while his suggestions that the deep state acted with justification seem so perfunctory.
When a successful New York ad executive suffers a personal tragedy and retreats from life, his friends devise a drastic plan to reach him before he loses everything. Pushing him to the very edge, they force him to confront the truth in surprising and profoundly human ways. From Oscar-winning director David Frankel, this thought-provoking drama explores how even the deepest loss can reveal moments of beauty, and how the constants of love, time and death... Full synopsis »
Joel Madden loves to love his wife. To celebrate his and Nicole Richie's seventh wedding anniversary, the Good Charlotte rocker took to Instagram to share a sweet message, and it will melt your heart.
"I just wanna keep getting more married every year " he wrote on Instagram alongside a selfie of the two of them in the backseat of a car on the way to an event. Not only is the sentiment swoon-worthy, but they also look super happy and very glamorous in the photo. These two just continue to be couple goals.
RELATED: Nicole Richie and Joel Madden Are the Cutest Sports Fans
I just wanna keep getting more married every year ❤️ A post shared by Joel Madden (@joelmadden) on Dec 11, 2017 at 2:45pm PST
This is hardly the first time that Madden has showered his wife with love on social media. He consistently posts photos of his her with sweet captions. Back in September, he posted several photos of his Richie looking gorgeous, and the Internet couldn't handle it.
It's safe to say that if these two ever broke up, we'd be crushed.
× A “Beary” Unwelcome Visitor
MIFFLINBURG–Todd Stong of Mifflinburg says normally the most exciting thing that happens outside his house in Mifflinburg is Christkindl Market in December. But this morning he was outside doing yard work, and saw something that made him stop in his tracks.
“Sitting next to the tree about ten feet away was this bear. I don't know what you say, good morning or hello,” Todd Stong said.
Stong tells Newswatch 16 the bear looked to be around 200 pounds, and did not look vicious.
“I said, shoo shoo. He sort of moved a little bit towards the fence on that side. I was hoping he'd turn for the gate but he didn't turn for the gate so I got a broom and I started chasing him with my broom,” Stong said.
A bear was also spotted this morning in Danville. In fact, this is the sixth time in the past month a bear has been seen in the Central Susquehanna Valley. Mifflinburg Mayor David Cooney says this bear was in residential areas.
“Which is unusual because we're a small town. But not unusual because we are surrounded on four sides by woods,” Mayor David Cooney said.
The mayor says what's ironic about the bear being here today is Mifflinburg's annual Safety Fair is on the same day.
“The irony of having a bear in town on Safety Fair Day, that's never happened before in my experience,” Cooney said.
The Safety Fair features first responders from Union County. Cooney says there could have been a good demonstration, if the bear came.
“I wish the bear would have come later or the game commission could have come earlier. We could have matched them up a little bit,” Cooney said.
The bear was not caught, since it was not seen since mid-morning, the game commission believes it went back into the nearby woods.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST Overall W L T Pts GF GA W L T Clarkson 8 0 0 16 34 11 15 3 1 Union (NY) 6 2 0 12 27 19 10 8 1 Cornell 5 1 0 10 19 12 10 2 0 Colgate 4 1 1 9 14 10 8 6 4 Brown 4 6 0 8 24 31 5 7 1 Harvard 4 3 0 8 24 14 4 5 1 Yale 4 6 0 8 29 29 5 7 0 Princeton 3 5 1 7 31 31 6 7 1 Quinnipiac 3 5 1 7 22 23 6 10 2 Dartmouth 2 4 1 5 11 24 2 7 1 RPI 2 5 1 5 22 33 3 11 3 St. Lawrence 0 7 1 1 12 32 1 14 1
___
Friday's Games
Maine 7, Quinnipiac 4
Clarkson 3, St. Lawrence 1
UConn 4, Colgate 2
Princeton 4, Arizona St. 0
Saturday's Games
Maine 5, Quinnipiac 3
Union (N.Y.) 4, Holy Cross 2
Brown 2, Vermont 2
Clarkson 4, St. Lawrence 2
Bentley 5, Dartmouth 1
Yale 2, Sacred Heart 1
Arizona St. 4, Princeton 3, OT
Sunday's Game
UMass 2, Union (N.Y.) 1
Friday, Dec. 15
Dartmouth at Denver, 9:05 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
Dartmouth at Denver, 9:05 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Five hundred years of Derbyshire history are now online for the first time.
More than seven million ancient parish records detailing baptisms, marriages and burials across the county have been digitised and made available on the Ancestery website.
Derbyshire residents can step back in time behind their computer screen.
Among many other things, the documents reveal superstar Mick Jagger's great-grandfather was born and baptised in the area.
Meanwhile, fans of Charlotte Brontë's Jane Eyre can discover several records possibly serving as inspiration for the novel's eponymous heroine in the collections.
The Derbyshire, England, Church of England Baptisms, Marriages and Burials, 1538-1812 collection also offers fascinating insights into the everyday lives of residents in the county, highlighting how society still believed in divine intervention which could lead people to find themselves in extraordinary circumstances.
Examples include Dorothy Mathy, who met an unfortunate end for reportedly lying under oath.
This picture shows Baker and Sons clothing factory in Bakewell in 1930.
Her burial entry reads: "Dorothy Mathy supposed wife to John Flint of this parish forswore herself [gave false evidence on oath/lied] whereupon the ground did open and she sanke over hed. And being found dead she was buried March 24."
Francis Taylor's burial may have been a talking point locally as the deceased was buried in a reinforced coffin to support his 'corpulent' body.
Russell James, of the Ancestry website, said: "The Derbyshire collection spans 500 years of county life and includes literary and scientific names which inspired some of the greatest works of the day whose legacy is felt even now.
"These records will give budding family historians with ancestors in the area a new resource for exploring everyday rites of passage, as well as defining moments in Derbyshire society," he added.
One of the pictures in the records shows haymaking scene at an unknown location in Derbyshire, c1940. Credit: from the collection of FH Brindley.
Visit www.ancestry.co.uk to view the records.
Names of historical interest and note within the extensive collection include...
William Fanshaw
The great-grandfather of the iconic Rolling Stones singer Mick Jagger, William was born and baptised in Eckington, according to the Derbyshire Church of England Baptisms, 1813-1916 collection.
Alfreton Colliery Workers on Meadow Lane, Alfreton, c1940. Credit: D Wright.
Erasmus Darwin
Erasmus was a highly-regarded physician, biologist and writer who went on to found the Derbyshire Philosophical Society, an intellectual circle of like-minded dignitaries. It appears his keen interest for nature and botany passed down the family line, with his grandson Charles Darwin penning the evolutionary masterpiece, Origin of Species. At the time of his death in 1802, records in the collection show Erasmus was living at Breadsall Priory near Derby and was buried on April 24 of the same year.
Sir Barnes Neville Wallis
An inventor and engineer, Barnes developed the concept of the bouncing bomb as a missile which would give the Allies an advantage during aerial attacks of Nazi Germany, made famous in the 1955 film The Dam Busters. A search in the collection reveals Barnes was baptised at All Saints Church in Ripley to parents Charles and Edith on November 15, 1887.
Henry Cavendish
At the time of his death aged 78 in 1810, Henry had found fame in distinguished circles for his discovery of hydrogen. The records show he was buried at All Saints Church, which is now Derby Cathedral, on March 12, leaving behind a legacy of comprehensive treaties which would make him a reference for the next generation of scientists.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Brit who spent four years on death row in Ethiopia has said he is "overwhelmed" after his release.
Andargachew "Andy"Tsege, 63, was greeted by a huge crowd of relatives and supporters as he arrived to his family home in the capital, Addis Ababa on Tuesday.
Andy had been accused by the Ethiopian government of being a terrorist and was sentenced to death in absentia in 2009.
He was seized five years later in an airport in Yemen and has been in prison in Ethiopia ever since where he endured more than a year in isolation.
(Image: PA)
He was pardoned on May 19, along with 575 other prisoners, which included journalists and opposition politicians.
Mr Tsege, who is a father of three, had been an outspoken critic of the leading party in Ethiopia and fled the country in the 1970s before seeking asylum in the UK in 1979.
His wife, Yemi Hailemariam told The Times that her husband was "sounding older, a bit slower," when she spoke to him on the phone from her home in Islington, north London.
She added: “I was crying a lot on the call, but Andy told me to stop. He said, ‘Everyone is crying, please don't cry.' I still cannot believe it, I feel dazed.”
(Image: PA)
A video of Mr Tsege arriving at his parents' home in the Ethiopian capital was sent to Ms Hailemariam and she said he "looked very thin...very overwhelmed".
Mr Tsge told his supporters: "I did not expect this turnout. Four years in prison is not that much of a sacrifice. I'm meeting you first because I respect you; I haven't yet met my father. Now, I'd like to go and greet my father."
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said he was "pleased" at the news.
He added: "Recent moves by the Ethiopian government send a positive signal that they remain serious about following through with promised reforms to increase political space.
"Our dedicated staff continue to work hard behind the scenes on all consular cases around the world."
Ms Hailemariam had been critical of the government's response to her husband's case and accused Theresa May of doing "nothing at all" to help.
HOUSTON - A bomb squad was called Wednesday evening for a suspicious package found on a sidewalk in Montrose.
The Houston Police Department was investigating if the package, seen on Graustark and Marshal Street, is a pipe bomb.
Officials said inside the package were several prayer candles and a phone charger. They believe someone intentionally left the package.
Central and Bomb Squad just cleared a suspicious device at 4900 Graustark. Two prayer candles were left in a bag by a pole. 202 pic.twitter.com/6gFXwtjGKo — Houston Police (@houstonpolice) May 31, 2018
Police said they were notified about the package from someone who called and said they found a tin ticker and wiring wrapped up in paper in the street.
© 2018 KHOU
Is England vs Colombia the Three Lions' greatest night since 1990? Have YOUR say in this ranked list
Gareth Southgate's men made it to the World Cup quarter-finals in dramatic fashion
Sennheiser has earned a good reputation in the headphone industry. The company has done pretty well in Indian market. Now the company has launched its CX SPORT in the country, this is the latest In-Ear wireless headset from the Sennheiser.
The new headset features a light-weight, sweat and splash resistant design, especially for sportspersons. You can also pair the CX SPORT with up to two devices at a time simultaneously. On the connectivity part, it comes with a Bluetooth 4.2 and Qualcomm apt-X ensure Hi-Fi sound. The headset comes with a slick three-button remote which will let the users to effortlessly manage the music and calls on the go.
The headset comes with ergonomic fins which keep the earbuds comfortably secure. The CX SPORT can either be worn around the neck or in front. It also comes with a cable organizer that lets you tailor the length of the cables as per your requirements. There is an integrated clip which can be used to fix it to your collar.
"The sports category has significantly matured in India and an increasing number of people are focussing on fitness. Today, with the needs of the Indian consumer constantly evolving, headphones have become a workout essential. The CX Sport has been designed in a way to cater to those needs while ensuring world-class sound experience. Its secure fit and robust design delivers everything athletes need to make the most of their workout regime," Kapil Gulati, Director Consumer segment, Sennheiser India said in a statement.
Sennheiser CX SPORT features and specifications
Sennheiser CX SPORT comes is designed and engineered in Germany. It delivers balanced and detailed sound with dynamic bass capability.
Hardware wise it offers Impedance of 28 Ohm (Passive), 480 Ohm (Active) and Frequency response of 17 - 21,000 Hz. The Max. sound pressure level is 112 dB (1 kHz/0 dBFS) the new headset features THD (total harmonic distortion) of <0.5 per cent.
Buyers can also choose the size of the fin (S/M/L) and a choice of four sizes of ear adapter (XS, S, M, L) for a perfect fit to help block outside noise. The company claims that the CX SPORT will deliver a battery life of 6-hours, which can be quick-charged via USB. Ten minutes of charge will offer a 1 hour of playback and fully charged in 1.5hrs.
The Sennheiser CX SPORT comes with a price tag of Rs. 9,990, and will be available for pre-booking from June 1 through Sennheiser's official brand store. Along with the CX SPORT the company is also giving away a free headphone of worth Rs 3,990 if you pre-book the headsets till June 15.
Source
In Eli Apple's mind, he has yet to been beaten by an opponent this season.
The second-year cornerback knows that there have been receivers who have caught passes against his coverage, and he's well aware of the four touchdown passes he has allowed this season which are the most among defensive backs in the NFL. But they're not really beating him, you see.
“Anytime something does happen, I take the approach that I didn't really give it up,” Apple said. “It was just something that I did, that I made a mistake. It wasn't, ‘The dude was just better than me.' I never think that on the football field. I always think like, ‘Dang, if I would've done this differently, I would've made the play.'”
Apple has had to think like that a lot so far this season.
According to Pro Football Focus, Apple has been targeted 30 times in the season's first four games, giving up 21 catches for 234 yards. He's broken up three passes but allowed the four touchdowns and was flagged for two interference penalties. Opponents have a passer rating of 132.5 when throwing in his direction.
With Janoris Jenkins locking down the other side of the field in most games (opponents have zero touchdowns and a 56.6 passer rating in his direction), teams are clearly going to continue entering Giants games intent on Apple picking.
“Early in the game,” Ben McAdoo said, “Eli is getting attacked.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The Giants are figuring out ways to deal with that. Last week against the Bucs, they started out with him covering Mike Evans while Janoris Jenkins was on DeSean Jackson. That seemed like the smart matchup; Apple is a bit more physical corner against Evans' big body while Jenkins is a bit quicker against Jackson's speed. But Apple was beaten for a touchdown by Evans, and the Giants switched.
“Eli has had some up and downplays,” defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo said. “I say it all the time, there are plays in there that people probably don't notice that he does real well and he knows on the ones that they get a big play on, he has to play better. That's the life of a corner in the NFL, really.”
It was Apple, remember, who broke up a two-point conversion attempt by the Bucs in the fourth quarter on a pass to Jackson that allowed the Giants to take a one-point lead.
“I just wish I was able to stay on him more in the game,” Apple said of losing the assignment on Evans. “After that touchdown, they kind of just took me off of him, you know what I mean? I just wish I had another crack at him because I feel like I'm a good enough corner to cover anybody, to be honest.”
The Giants still think that, too, and by moving him around and adjusting schemes they are giving him the best chance they can to prove it. They also like the way Apple is responding to his less-than-stellar start to the season.
NFL videos
“I haven't seen him flinch,” McAdoo said. “He's playing the ball better in the air. He needs to continue to compete at a high level. He needs to give it up on the practice field. That carries over to games... He's improving as a practice player and he's improving in the games.”
Apple knows there is room for that improvement, and he is striving for it.
“You watch the film and you correct it and you just try not to make the same mistake twice,” he said. “And if it does happen again, you just continue to learn from it, continue to rep it in practice. It's going to take time sometimes, but you've just got to continue to stay at it and keep grinding.”
That's the only way that psychological tourniquet of convincing himself that he's not getting beaten, that he's just making errors, holds up.
“This is a learning curve, it's a learning lesson, and that's how I take everything,” he added. “I just go out there, play my game, try to make the plays that come my way… I know I'm playing my game anytime I'm out on the field.”
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp is ready to disappoint – and shock - Liverpool fans by reiterating his faith in Loris Karius as his number one.
And the Reds boss is prepared to back the under-fire keeper going into the new season, as he refuses to panic or over-react to the desire amongst the majority of the support to see him replaced.
The German coach takes his squad to Chester on Saturday for the first pre-season game of the summer, with Karius pencilled in to start, as new signings Naby Keita and Fabinho are also given a run-out.
Klopp understands may fan will be amazed at the prospect of Karius still in goal after his Champions' League final meltdown.
But the manager is insistent with NO target he rates currently available, there is no point in plunging into the transfer market just for the sake of it – and he will passionately argue that point with fans.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Liverpool FC)
Liverpool HAVE targeted a keeper this summer. Yet they have simply been priced out of any move Atletico Madrid's Jan Oblak, and Brazil number one Alisson.
Talks are not currently active over either player, and Roma keeper Alisson looks likely to head to Real Madrid.
For Klopp, that means only one thing – patience, and the need to remain calm.
It is the approach he adopted when it became apparent he would not land Virgil van Dijk last summer, after talks broke down with Southampton.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock)
He refused to listen to calls demanding an alternative, which saw him going into the new season without a signing in defence – and that stance was justified when he landed van Dijk in January.
Faced with the same situation this summer, Klopp will adopt the same stance...and he is prepared to put his faith in Karius, along with Danny Ward as Simon Mignolet, rather than pay big money for a keeper he thinks is no better.
Many fans will be stunned by the manager's position, but Klopp is fully prepared to defend it if challenged. In particular, he will point to the form of Karius for the second half of the last campaign, right up until the Champions' League final.
(Image: UEFA/Getty)
(Image: REUTERS)
Klopp will also express his belief that the German keeper played well in the final against Madrid, UNTIL he was elbowed in the face by Sergio Ramos...a blow that tests later revealed left Karius with a serious concussion which lastest for several days.
The manager is known to be patient with players he has placed faith in, as he has shown with Dejan Lovren, who was demonised by fans but has won them over, and he believes the two errors in the final can be explained.
And unless things change with one of his main targets – which seems improbable at this stage – then he will go into the season with his current three keepers.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Liverpool have been linked with Barça's Jasper Cillessen, Dane Kaspar Schmeichel, Jiri Pavlenka of Werder Bremen, Thomas Strakosha and even Gianluigi Buffon, but the club and Klopp maintain they have ZERO interest in any of them.
Instead, the manager will refuse to panic and stand by Karius, Ward and Mignolet unless a main target becomes available at the right price.
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, he has promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
WHAT if we've been wrong about Mr Cruel all along?
The man who terrorised Victorians in the 1980s with a series of violent, disturbing attacks - often on children - has never been caught. Australians have always assumed he was a local who went underground or died when the attacks stopped in 1991.
But there's another theory that amateur crime buffs think holds weight and that police on the other side of the world were forced to investigate.
Police in Victoria and San Francisco compared notes on the notorious Golden State Killer, who shared a remarkable connection that made some wonder whether he and Mr Cruel were the same person, The Australian reported.
Before Mr Cruel attacked four girls under the age of 13 in Melbourne's outer suburbs between 1987 and 1991, culminating in the unsolved murder of Karmein Chan, the Golden State Killer was doing exactly the same thing on America's west coast.
He murdered 12 people and raped 45 women in a series of depraved attacks during the 1970s and early 1980s. He left blood everywhere but covered his tracks and was never caught.
Then suddenly, in 1986, the attacks stopped and the killer disappeared. A year later, Mr Cruel arrived on the scene in Melbourne.
Sketches of the Golden State Killer, courtesy of Sacramento County Sheriff's Department.
Mr Cruel terrorised Victoria during the 1980s.
The two lived by the same criminal code. The Australian reports that they both took breaks to eat meals, were both armed with a knife and a gun, both pretended to have conversations with people who weren't there and both used expert knots to tie up their victims - and in Mr Cruel's case - to tie up parents while he attacked their children.
The links between the two killers didn't end there.
Both wore dark-coloured balaclavas and had long hair protruding from underneath - and because of that the police sketches are almost identical. Both crept into homes holding large knives and waited to be found. Both would be aged between 60-75 years old if still alive and both were pathologically meticulous.
Both also came under the microscope of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, despite the crimes occurring on different sides of the planet.
In 1991, following the disappearance of Karmein Chan, the FBI sent a letter to Victoria Police. It detailed steps they should take to catch Mr Cruel, what his interests were, how his relationships likely played out and why he attacked where and when he did.
The FBI noted that "the offender has an intense interest in children … will have his own homemade pornography [and] would typically live in a single-family residence, one with a garage or carport". The letter, dated April 24, 1991, stated that if the killer were in a relationship, "the partner would be aware of sexual dysfunctions".
A letter to the late Karmein Chan from her younger sister, Karen.
It wasn't the last time Mr Cruel's file would land on the desk of law enforcement in the United States.
In 2016, following a renewed appeal for information into the unsolved murders committed by the so-called Golden State Killer, retired Los Angeles Sheriff's Department detective David Gates reached out.
He suggested the GSK closely resembled a man wanted for burglaries in the mid-1980s who police later discovered had moved to Australia. When contacted by The Australian, Mr Gates said "the fair-haired college kid" he had investigated was "just a nasty piece of work".
On the other side of the world, Victoria Police were also watching the serial killer in California, but ruled out any suggestion the two were the same person.
The Golden State Killer's story resurfaced recently thanks to a documentary entitled Unmasking a Killer. The five-part documentary series claims to "take viewers inside the investigation, the case files and the mind of the Golden State Killer - a man believed to be the most prolific uncaught rapist and serial killer in the nation".
The project, 10 years in the making, includes interviews with investigators and those who survived.
The Golden State Killer first struck in 1978 with the double murder of Brian and Katie Maggiore in Sacramento. A year later he broke into the home of Robert Offerman and his girlfriend Debra Manning, tied them both up and shot them.
Over the next six years he would kill three more couples and two single women. A number of the murders were in Goleta and Irvine, suggesting the killer returned to neighbourhoods he was familiar with.
The FBI suggested Mr Cruel did exactly the same thing. In their letter to Victorian Police, they said they believed the offender "may reside in the vicinity of the first assault".
"This is further strengthened by the fact that the offender has returned to that same general area in the fourth assault," the bureau said.
The fourth assault they referred to followed the abduction and assaults of three young girls. One is described only as "an 11-year-old girl" and the other two were Nicola Lynas and Sharon Wills.
On the fourth occasion, Mr Cruel took Karmein Chan, 13, from her home while she was babysitting her two sisters, aged 9 and 7. The teen was confronted with the masked intruder during an ad break while the three girls were watching a movie in Karmein's bedroom.
Mr Cruel grabbed the two younger girls and forced them into a cupboard before abducting Karmein.
Her body was found nearly a year later at a landfill site in Edgars Creek, not far from the Chan family home.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Tulane-Florida St. Box
FLORIDA ST. 72, TULANE 53 TULANE (7-3)
Paul 5-9 2-5 12, Slater 2-6 0-0 5, Frazier 1-9 0-0 3, Reynolds 5-17 2-2 16, Cornish 1-4 0-0 2, Ajang 0-0 0-0 0, Sehic 3-3 0-0 7, Ona Embo 4-8 0-0 8, Daniels 0-3 0-1 0. Totals 21-59 4-8 53.
FLORIDA ST. (9-0)
Cofer 2-8 0-1 4, Obiagu 1-1 0-1 2, Angola 6-10 2-2 18, C.Walker 1-8 1-3 3, Mann 4-7 4-6 12, Kabengele 4-8 1-3 9, Allen 0-0 0-0 0, Savoy 2-5 0-0 6, Forrest 5-6 2-3 12, M.Walker 1-5 3-5 6. Totals 26-58 13-24 72.
Halftime_Florida St. 29-17. 3-Point Goals_Tulane 7-22 (Reynolds 4-9, Sehic 1-1, Slater 1-3, Frazier 1-4, Ona Embo 0-2, Cornish 0-3), Florida St. 7-21 (Angola 4-7, Savoy 2-4, M.Walker 1-3, Forrest 0-1, Cofer 0-2, C.Walker 0-4). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Tulane 35 (Reynolds 11), Florida St. 43 (Cofer, Angola 8). Assists_Tulane 12 (Frazier, Reynolds 4), Florida St. 11 (Forrest 4). Total Fouls_Tulane 20, Florida St. 14.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
THE mother of an 11-year-old Perth girl, who suffered a catastrophic brain injury after a severe electric shock at their public housing property, says she expects to get an ex-gratia payment from the State Government.
Denishar Woods was shocked with up to 230 volts when she touched a garden tap at a Beldon property in March.
Housing Minister Peter Tinley met her mother Lacey Harrison on Wednesday and said he supported her right to take legal action against the State Government.
Ms Harrison said it was likely the case would be settled out of court if the family received the support Mr Tinley outlined in a five-point-plan.
"At the end of the day it's not worth the hassle, I need to be there for my daughter and my kids," she told AAP on Thursday.
Camera Icon Denishar Woods' mother Lacy Harrison. Picture: Simon Santi
Doctors have said Denishar is incontinent and wheelchair-bound, however, Ms Harrison is hopeful she will regain more speech.
"She said Nan the other day and sometimes she gets frustrated because it's like she wants to say more but just can't," Ms Harrison said.
Denishar was meant to go home on June 8 but has remained in hospital as the property has not been altered to suit her needs.
"First we urgently need to modify the shower and house, transport, then an ex-gratia payment," Ms Harrison said.
Camera Icon Denishar Woods' mother Lacey Harrison is hoping for an ex-gratia payment from the State Government.
She said Mr Tinley appeared "very genuine" about helping her family and had tears in his eyes when she spoke of the difficulties her daughter would face for the rest of her life.
But Ms Harrison also reminded the minister they wouldn't be going away.
"We're talking about a child here," she said.
Ms Harrison was supported by National Indigenous Critical Response Service chief Gerry Georgatos, who said it was emotional for all concerned.
"Recognising that Denishar will never enjoy her childhood ... that she will never have children ... and recognising the rest of life impacts on her siblings and her single parent mother," Mr Georgatos said.
He said he also believed the case would be settled out of court.
By The Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Latest on California wildfires (all times local):
5:25 p.m.
Fire officials say the most destructive of the Southern California wildfires has burned more than 270 square miles and is only 15 percent contained.
Santa Barbara County Sheriff Bill Brown says the containment number will likely go down not because of a lack of progress, but because of the fire's expected growth.
Ventura County fire behavioral analyst Brendan Ripley says he believes the fire is the fifth largest in California's history.
More than 30,000 people are under mandatory evacuation orders.
Authorities warned residents at a community meeting Sunday in Santa Barbara not to ignore evacuation orders.
___
12:30 p.m.
Forecasters say gusty, dry Santa Ana winds will continue in Southern California for at least another day in areas where crews are battling wildfires, including one that is threatening a seaside city.
The National Weather Service has extended red flag warnings until Monday night for parts of Ventura and Los Angeles counties. Powerful gusts are expected through late Sunday in mountains of Santa Barbara County, where firefighters are protecting homes from flames moving down hillsides toward coastal neighborhoods.
New evacuations were ordered Sunday for the city of Carpinteria, which has been under threat for days from a huge and destructive wildfire that's still pushing west nearly a week after breaking out.
Crews have made progress on other fronts of that fire and on separate blazes in Los Angeles, San Diego and Riverside counties.
___
Noon
Officials say smoke from wind-whipped wildfires is causing unhealthy air for large swaths of Southern California.
A flare-up Sunday on the western edge of a huge fire burning in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties sent up a new plume that added to heavy smoke already choking areas around the cities of Ventura, Oxnard and Santa Paula.
The Ventura County Air Pollution Control District says air quality is especially bad in the Ojai Valley, where it has at times reached hazardous levels as flames burned surrounding hillsides.
To the southeast, regulators warned Saturday of unhealthy air across parts of greater Los Angeles despite progress being made against several wildfires burning there.
The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
____
9:05 a.m.
A major flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire has sent residents fleeing as flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns.
New evacuations were ordered Sunday in Carpinteria, a seaside city northwest of Los Angeles.
Santa Barbara County Fire spokesman Mike Eliason says crews saved several homes as unpredictable winds fanned the blaze.
The department posted a photo of one residence engulfed in flames. It's unclear whether other structures burned.
Firefighters made significant progress on other fronts of the enormous fire that started Dec. 4 in Ventura County.
Forecasters say Santa Ana winds that whipped several fires across the region are expected to die down later Sunday.
Containment is way up on blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A woman has been arrested after she tried to abduct babies from hospitals across the Carolinas, authorities said.According to a New Hanover Regional Medical Center (NHRMC) Spokesperson, 36-year-old Linda Everett was trying to take babies from neonatal units across North and South Carolina.She was arrested in High Point and was charged with felony breaking and entering and larceny. WWAY reports the woman entered NHRMC without authorization earlier this month.According to Carolyn Fisher with New Hanover Regional, a woman presented herself at the check-in desk on April 5 at the Betty H. Cameron Women's & Children's Hospital, where she was denied entry.The woman eventually entered patient care areas without authorization, Fisher said.Seeing she did not have a visitor's badge, staff alerted hospital police, who responded and questioned her.No patients were injured or endangered.She was wanted on four warrants from hospital police.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nemanja Matic enjoyed a superb debut for Manchester United at the heart of the midfield.
The Serb won the Man of the Match award after the 4-0 thrashing of West Ham to kick off the new Premier League season.
Jose Mourinho may have pulled off the signing of the summer by convincing former club Chelsea to release the midfielder for £45m.
The Portuguese inspired Matic with some clear instructions to work alongside Paul Pogba, report the Manchester Evening News.
The 29-year-old told Sky Sports: "He said that I have to do my job and Pogba needs to do his job like everyone in the team. I am happy that everyone gave his best and everyone played well tonight, that's why we won 4-0 against a very good team in our first game.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"We have to continue to work like this, to play like this and we will see. It is a long season."
United were dominant against West Ham and were good value for their win with a fluid, attacking display that improved once Romelu Lukaku opened the scoring.
And Matic promises there is much more to come, starting with next weekend's trip to Swansea.
(Image: AFP)
He added: "It was a very important game for us, to start well and get the three points against a very good side. They were very, very compact until we scored the first goal, after that there was more space for us to win,
"I am really happy for the team because we started well. We take three points and in the next game we will play with more confidence. I don't want to say it will be easier for us but we will have more confidence for sure."
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cheshire East Conservatives have hit back after Labour claims that the council has done nothing over bullying allegations, saying the majority of staff reported they were more than happy in their roles.
The Tories hit back after Labour group leader Sam Corcoran claimed in the press that the ruling Conservative group at the council has done nothing over the allegations.
This has been strongly denied by Cheshire East's deputy leader Liz Wardlaw.
“Cheshire East requested a review of the culture within the council after a perception that there are significant issues relating to bullying and harassment.
“Ten per cent of staff surveyed in 2016 surveyed raised concerns about a bullying culture within the council after which we undertook a number of initiatives to get to the root of these claims,” said Cllr Wardlaw (Con).
“These included organising staff survey action plans and focus groups, setting up a range of wellbeing at work initiatives and a review around our whistleblowing process
“The surveys resulted in a review, which saw the acting chief executive, head of strategic HR and other HR colleagues all interviewed as well as a number of councillors. We also set up focus groups with staff, managers and trade union representatives, with the results published on 29 January.
“As Cllr Corcoran states in his letter, over 200 members of staff shared that they had experienced bullying over the previous six months, 14% of respondees.
“90% of respondents said they were treated with respect and many commented on the noticeable improvement in the organisation in the last year.
“The national average for an organisation the size of Cheshire East is 20% but despite this the Conservative-led council has immediately embarked on a whole cultural transformation programme which is supported by consultants, Sticky Change, for a year.
“However Cllr Corcoran continues to criticise with little thought or respect for colleagues, never mind the morale of staff at Cheshire East or indeed the opportunity of members cross-party to contribute and set culture in Cheshire East; indeed he refused to support the member/officer protocol at Corporate Scrutiny Committee, despite the concern expressed by members of staff as to relationships with elected members.
“Any good leader recognises when to rise above the usual criticisms, I suggest this is one such case.
“Sadly, criticism and condemnation are Cllr Corcoran's preferred tools irrespective of the impact or achievements of others.”
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leicester host Atletico Madrid on Tuesday night looking to overturn the 1-0 first leg defeat.
Antoine Griezmann scored the only goal of the game as Diego Simeone's side took control of the tie last week.
Craig Shakespeare will likely welcome Wes Morgan back into the starting XI but it looks like Islam Slimani could miss out.
But when is the game, and how can you watch it? Here is all you need to know...
When is the game?
The game kicks off at 7.45pm on Tuesday April 18.
(Photo: AFP)
How can you watch it?
The game will be shown live on BT Sport 2 and BT Sport 2 HD.
If you can't get to a TV in time you can also follow all the action on the MirrorFootball live blog.
Team news
Captain Wes Morgan is likely to return for Leicester to face Atletico Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final second leg.
The skipper has missed the last six games with a back injury, but is expected to feature to solve the Foxes' defensive problems, with fellow centre-back Robert Huth suspended with Leicester trailing 1-0 from the first leg.
Islam Slimani is struggling with a groin problem, while midfielder Nampalys Mendy is out with an ankle issue.
Provisional squad: Schmeichel, Hamer, Zieler, Simpson, Benalouane, Morgan, Fuchs, Chilwell, Drinkwater, King, Ndidi, Amartey, Albrighton, Mahrez, Gray, Musa, Ulloa, Slimani, Vardy, Okazaki.
I had the opportunity to meet and chat with North Dakota Rep. Kevin Cramer at a fundraiser this past Friday morning in Minneapolis. Rep. Cramer serves in Congress as North Dakota's at-large representative. With President Trump's support and at his urging, he is running against Democratic incumbent Senator Heidi Heitkamp in the election this November. Not having heard Rep. Cramer speak before, I was extremely impressed. He is personable. He is ebullient. He is smart. He is conservative. I think he is a tremendous candidate.
Having been elected to Congress along with Heitkamp in 2012, Rep. Cramer has compiled a record that stacks up favorably against hers. Indeed, he is already exerting a chilling effect on her.
On April 18 last week, Rep. Cramer issued a statement supporting the confirmation of Mike Pompeo as Secretary of State. His press release stated: “While working with Mike on the Energy and Commerce Committee, I witnessed his expert questioning and understanding on diverse policy matters. I am confident he is qualified to uphold this position with his experience in the House, leading the CIA, graduation from Harvard Law, and Military service just to name a few. Mike has earned a swift confirmation by the Senate, and I wish I could vote for him.”
On April 19 the Hill reported “Heitkamp becomes first Dem to back Pompeo for secretary of State” (“virtually guaranteeing that he will win confirmation”).
See what I mean? Thank you, Rep. Cramer.
The great state of North Dakota should not be represented in the Senate by phony Heidi Heitkamp. (Query: is that the correct nickname?) It is a state that President Trump carried in 2016 with 63 percent of the vote. Hillary Clinton couldn't crack 30 percent.
I asked Rep. Cramer on Friday if it wasn't apparent that Heitkamp pretends to be an independent sort of Democrat but votes a strict party line when her vote matters. In response to my question he gave me a case study. It's a case study that he will probably find of use on the campaign trail this fall.
The case involves the 2017 Congressional Review Act resolution to repeal the Obama administration's methane rule. The methane rule is intended adversely to affect North Dakota's interest in the development of its oil and gas resources. Energy development is of course critical to the state's incredibly successful economy.
Heitkamp proclaimed herself undecided on the CRA resolution to repeal the rule. She was alone among the state's top elected officials in mulling it over as the vote approached. All other North Dakota officials supported repeal. The Democrats and their left-wing environmental activist base opposed it. On this point see the February 2018 account by Michael Sandoval at Western Wire. Sandoval put it this way: “Heitkamp's fence-sitting prov[ed] a head-scratcher for political observers in the state.”
Heitkamp had to wait to see if her vote was needed by the Democrats. When John McCain joined Lindsey Graham and Susan Collins to vote against repeal, it turned out that it was. Heitkamp was then able to make up her mind. Her mind belongs to the Democrats. Heitkamp became the fifty-first and deciding vote against repeal. The Washington Post more or less nails this part of the story in its recap of the vote.
There is much more to be said about this race. I'm sure we will have an occasion or two to return to it in due course.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) — Former Yale basketball captain Jack Montague, who was expelled from the Ivy League school in 2016 for sexual misconduct, has enrolled at Belmont University in Tennessee.
Related Content: Yale alumni contribute to star athlete's sex-expulsion case
Montague, who is still suing to be readmitted to Yale, complained in a court deposition last spring that he was unable to apply to other schools. He said Yale would not release his transcript until he paid a disputed tuition bill.
Related Content: Former Yale hoops captain seeks injunction, return to school
Karen Schwartzman, a spokeswoman for Montague, says Yale later released the transcript, allowing Montague to enroll at Belmont this fall. She says not all of his credits transferred and he will need two semesters to graduate.
Related Content: Lawsuit filed against Yale University over Montague expulsion
He exhausted his basketball eligibility at Yale.
Related Content: Former Yale captain says he'll sue school over expulsion
Montague denies the sexual misconduct allegations. No criminal charges were ever sought.
Related Content: Source: Yale basketball captain expelled after sexual allegation
Yale's attorneys have said the school and its officials acted appropriately.
Related Content: Yale releases statement on controversy surrounding support for ex-teammate
The lawsuit, which also seeks monetary damages, is expected to go to trial next year.
___
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Justice Khosa says it's incorrect to assume that there is no evidence of money laundering
The Supreme Court on Monday said it would be incorrect to assume that there was no evidence of money laundering against Axact CEO Shoaib Sheikh as it dismissed the bail plea of Shoaib Sheikh.
A three-member bench of the court headed by Justice Asif Saeed Khosa heard the bail application filed by Shoaib Sheikh against the Sindh High Court's (SHC) order.
Shoaib, the CEO of infamous ‘IT company', was arrested by the Federal Investigation Authority (FIA) after the SHC had rejected his bail plea in February's last week.
Over the course of the hearing, Shoaib's counsel insisted that his client and the company were not involved in any money laundering, adding that all money was brought into the country legally.
“The issue is not about the money brought into the country, but the money that was taken out of the country, the judge observed as he asked the counsel to explain why the Axact CEO wrote 116 cheques worth Rs170 million.
“The cheques were written between 2014 and 2015,” the counsel said, adding that his client was arrested by the authorities in 2015. “At this point, how can we say that there was no money laundering,” Justice Khosa wondered.
Unable to satisfy the court on the matter, the petitioner withdrew his appeal against the SHC order as well as a fresh application for bail which he had entered in the apex court.
On Saturday, Additional Sessions Judge (South) Sarah Junejo had excused herself from hearing the bail plea of the Axact CEO, becoming the third judge to do the same.
According to FIA, in 2014, Sheikh transferred Rs170.17 to a Dubai-based firm, Chanda Exchange Company.
Axact scandal was emerged in May 2015, when New York Time published a report claiming that the company is involved in selling fake diplomas and degrees to people around the world through fictitious schools making “millions of dollars annually.”
In January 2018, Chief Justice Mian Saqib Nisar had taken suo motu notice of the Axact fake degree scandal after international news reports once again revealed that over 3,000 UK citizens had purchased fake degrees from Axact in 2013 and 2014.
Focusing on youth, KB plans to reach city's 20% population
The Karachi Biennale 2017 (KB) will be the city's largest and inclusive yearlong art event with the aim to connect art, the city of Karachi and its people.
Its primary objective is to showcase the Art from Pakistan, the region and the rest of the world in exhibitions to a wider audience, which will include art enthusiasts from the country and overseas.
JS Group is committed to expanding the audience to ‘the man on the street', for which an extensive public outreach programme has been undertaken.
A prestigious award “Mahvash and Jahangir Siddiqui Foundation Karachi Biennale Jury Prize” for Karachi Biennale 2017 and 2019 will also be awarded to one of the artists at each Biennale for the most outstanding work presented.
The prize will be selected by an independent jury of eminent local and international art professionals.
An event introducing the theme, objectives and programme of the upcoming Biennale took place at Frere Hall recently.
Mahvash Siddiqui being the patron in chief of the Karachi Biennale and Chairperson of the Mahvash and Jahangir Siddiqui Foundation was given a vote of thanks for all her support to help bridge the gap between residents of Karachi.
Many people will agree that the ‘90s were the best — bright colors, fun (and sometimes questionable) fashion, and the photos always make great #ThrowbackThursdays on Instagram. Not to mention the TV and movies from the ‘90s are classics. If you grew up in Denver in the '90s, there was always somewhere to go. When you had days off from school, you knew you wanted to spend your time somewhere fun — whether it be riding roller coasters at Lakeside or watching the Cliff Divers at Casa Bonita. Birthday parties were a breeze too because you had Celebrity Sports Center, Funtastic Fun and of course, The Rainforest Cafe. There are so many awesome places in Denver that really made our city remarkable. While many of these spots aren't open anymore, they may just bring back some great childhood memories.
Ocean Journey
Years Open: 1999-2003
Why You Went: Even though it opened at the end of the '90, it was still a memorable childhood experience. You could never decide which of the two river paths you wanted to start with, but you were so excited to learn and make your way to the Pacific Ocean. You learned so much about different animals and ecosystems in a way that didn't feel like you were just sitting in a classroom. You felt so small in that huge building, which carried more than 15,000 fish, plants and mammals and more than a million gallons of water. Unfortunately, the beloved Ocean Journey went bankrupt and was taken over and renamed the Denver Aquarium.
Denver Museum of Nature and Science's Hall of Life
Years Opened: 1987 – 2009
Why You Went: This was the highlight of any field trip to the museum. Opened in 1987, you probably remember getting your health card and playing on the stair stepper or the bikes to burn calories. You pressed every single button you possibly could and the display about the dangers of cigarette smoking grossed you out. Also, the drunk driving simulation was always a good way to challenge your friends until you realized it was totally rigged.
Luckily a similar exhibit, called Expedition Health, still exists at the museum today, and we highly recommend checking it out.
Young AmeriTowne
Years Opened: 1990- present
Why You Went: While the museum was awesome, Young AmeriTowne was the pinnacle of elementary school field trips. Because not only did you get out of class for an entire day, you also got to pretend to have an adult job. Now we know how much that actually sucks, but back then it seemed like so much fun (especially if you were the radio DJ). It also taught you some valuable things and it is probably the only reason you know how to write a check properly. Fortunately, it's still operating, so you can rest assured there's some hope for future generations.
Funtastic Fun (aka Funtastic Nathan's)
Years Open: 1982-2011
Why You Went: If you didn't have your birthday party at Funtastic Fun, did you really have a good birthday? Rides would never shut down because it was raining or snowing because it was indoors. You loved running around going from the Ferris Wheel to the spinning teacups to climbing on the giant bear. If you're itching to relive the glory days, Funtastic Fun is now Lollipop Park. It's in a different location, but still has some of the old rides that Funtastic Fun use to have.
Fun Fact: The original name for Funtastic Fun when it first opened was Physical Whimsical.
Lakeside
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Years Open: 1908-Present
Why You Went: It was always an adventure when you went to Lakeside, and not just because of how old the park and many of its rides are. Lakeside is a tradition and it's a staple of Denver. You always knew your way around the park and which rides you wanted to start and end with. You knew the Round Up ride was a go to because you never understood how your back stayed against the padding with just a small belt holding you in. Eventually, you were able to graduate from the super short little kid's coaster to the Dragon roller coaster, to the Cyclone coaster, and you were so excited about every progression.
Rainforest Cafe
Years Open: 1998-2001
Why You Went: Rainforest Cafe was the best part about going to Cherry Creek Mall. As a kid, you really felt like you were in a rainforest. The animals looked so lifelike when they moved and made noises, it was almost scary. As a kid, how were you supposed to know the jaguar definitely wasn't going to jump down and attack? The thunderstorm sounds were so convincing you almost expected it to rain inside. Getting dragged to go shopping was always made up with lunch at Rainforest Cafe. You always wanted to get a table next to your favorite animal, but you were so excited to be there that you didn't really mind where you sat. When you heard it closed in Cherry Creek, you were probably devastated.
Fun Fact: While it's no longer in Colorado, Rainforest Cafe is still open in 10 states.
Celebrity Sports Center
Years Open: 1960-1994
Why You Went: If you were born after 1994, you never got to experience the glory that was the Celebrity Sports Center. The indoor water park was the best, along with the bowling lanes and arcade games. “Celebrity's” gave you life and you couldn't wait for your next trip. It was the highlight of the town and you probably had all of your birthday parties there, or at least tried. Walt Disney was actually a big investor in Celebrity Sports Center, but once he passed away, his company decided it was time to sell. The place became run down and eventually closed. You were probably too young to realize how cool it was, but when it closed, you realized what a gem it really was.
Casa Bonita
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Years Open: 1974 – present
Why You Went: You definitely didn't go for the food. You went for the experience. As you got older, you realized more and more how ridiculous the place actually was, but in a way that's what also made it entertaining. There were the mariachi bands that followed you around, endless sopapillas that appeared when you raised a red flag and Black Bart's Cave — which was always scary no matter how many times you went in. While it wasn't a great Mexican restaurant, these oddities alongside the watching cliff diving and flame-throwing made it all worth it. It's sort of funny that Colorado designated it a historical landmark in 2015.
Fun Fact: While Casa Bonita is famous in Colorado, it actually didn't originate here. The first location of Casa Bonita was actually in Oklahoma City in 1968. Other locations, aside from Colorado, were in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Fort Worth, Texas, and Little Rock, Arkansas.
Cinderella City Mall
Years Open: 1968-1999
Why You Went: By the ‘90s, the mall was pretty run down, but the double-decker carousel seemed like the coolest thing ever. You probably went with your parents or grandparents, but there wasn't a dull moment when you were there. You felt so small in what was one of the largest indoor malls in the world, or at least it was when it opened. You never got to experience the glory of what Cinderella City was during its prime years in the ‘60s and ‘70s, but you heard stories from your parents and grandparents about what an amazing place it was and how it impacted Denver. It definitely isn't the most exciting place on this list, but it left its mark on the people of Denver.
Cinderella Twin Drive-In
Years Open: 1973-2007
Why You Went: You obviously went because drive-ins are way more fun than a regular movie theater. It was a plus when you got to see two movies for the price of one at the Cinderella Twin Drive-In. Family night was always the best when you knew you were heading to the drive-in. You would be in the backseat with your siblings, fighting over the snacks, but once the movie started, you were focused. Even if you weren't going to the drive-in, you would probably try to catch whatever movie was on the screen if you were driving by on Hampden and see if you could guess which movie was playing. Today, if you drive by the old location of the drive in, you will see new housing. While it looks really different, you probably will always remember what once was.
Mile High Stadium
Years Open: 1948-2001
Why You Went: Before it was Sports Authority and before it was Invesco, it was Mile High Stadium. But despite the name changes, it is still Mile High Stadium to you and you'll never call it anything else. However, your memories are likely not just of the Broncos. Before Dick's Sporting Goods Park was built, you have fond memories of going to Rapids games at Mile High as well. You likely went to games with your soccer team and maybe saw a couple Fourth of July fireworks show as well. If you were born before 1995, you probably even witnessed some Colorado Rockies games at Mile High before Coors Field was completed in 1995. But while other sports teams played at Mile High, your fondest memories are on Sundays watching John Elway and the Broncos play.
Fun Fact: The stadium was originally called Bears Stadium because it was where the Denver Bears minor league baseball team played.
The Children's Museum
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Years Open: 1973-Present
Why You Went: While it's been redone since you were a kid, the glory of the Children's Museum still lives on. As a ‘90s kid, you remember feeling like a grown up going to the grocery store, getting the fake food and checking out at the registers. You loved the ball thing (whatever it was called) where you would put the ball in the tube and watch it shoot up and go all around the room. It was a really interactive place where you could get your hands dirty and you didn't have to worry about grown-ups telling you what not to do.
Additional contributions by Brittany Werges.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A bolt of lightning struck the British Airways i360 tower - causing an enormous flash of light to illuminate the night sky.
Nick Rutherford, a company director, began filming the world's largest moving observation tower as the storm started rolling in on Sunday night.
Footage of the storm shows a streak of lightning hitting the top of the 531ft tower in Brighton, and turning the sky a mysterious shade of purple.
Seaside houses can be clearly be seen lighting up in the footage, which is shot from Mr Rutherford's balcony.
(Photo: Newsflare)
The bolt then fizzles out and thunder then rain can be heard in the background.
It is thought to be the only existing footage of lightning hitting the £46.2 million tower, which was opened in August last year and designed by Marks Barfield, the same architect to design the London Eye.
The building has a vertical cable car that ascends to a height of 450 feet giving people 360-degree views of up to 26 miles.
The 41-year-old, who was at his home in Brighton, West Sussex, was shocked when the bolt of lightning suddenly appeared in the sky.
(Photo: Newsflare)
Mr Rutherford told MailOnline : "I went to the office on Sunday night to catch up on some work, and had seen on the forecast that a storm was coming.
"I had a look on the lightning app that I have on my phone – and could see a massive storm was close.
"The storm actually passed down the channel – but there were a few stray bolts of lighting. At the time I didn't realise the tower had been hit as the flash was so bright it just lit up the sky.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: AFP)
"It was only when I watched back the footage that I realised it had hit it."
Storms have been wreaking havoc across the UK for the last few weeks.
A group of students is almost hit by lightning as they filmed a Snapchat clip of a storm in Plymouth in May.
The bolt struck a building only a few metres away from them, raining down "fire" from the sky.
By TED RADICK
staff writer
VAN BUREN — Van Buren got the break it was looking for early in the third quarter with a fumble recovery on a Cory-Rawson punt return.
The Black Knights then took advantage, with Nick Beitzel going over the top of a Hornets' defensive back to grab a 28-yard TD reception from Steven Franks. That gave Van Buren a 27-7 lead that would hold up in a Blanchard Valley Conference football game.
Van Buren improved to 4-3, 3-2 BVC. Cory-Rawson dropped to 1-6, 1-4.
“Special teams is such an important, and often overlooked, part of the game,” Van Buren coach J.T. Bates said. “The fact that we were able to force a turnover on special teams, and then capitalize on it, was big.”
Van Buren's drive to start the second half resulted in a three-and-out. The Black Knights punted, and Clay Noblit jumped on Tommy Stauffer's fumble at the Cory-Rawson 27-yard line. A pass interference penalty followed, but a bad snap resulted in a third-and-25 at Cory's 28.
Franks lofted a pass, and Cory-Rawson's Deontae Davis had perfect coverage on the fade intented for Beitzel.
Beitzel, at 6-foot-2, had a 6-inch height advantage on Davis and used every inch to reach around to snag the TD pass.
“We practiced it all week, the fade pass,” Beitzel said. “I saw the ball going up, I saw that it was a little bit short and I went up and made a play.
“It was a great ball by the quarterback, the line gave us great protection and it was a great play by all of us. The cornerback was in great position there, but we had to have a play.”
“We had a muffed punt that really hurt us, they got points off of that,” Cory-Rawson coach Cory Hefner said. “I think that, right there early in the second half, was a big momentum change.”
Cory-Rawson played with the Black Knights the rest of the game, but the damage had been done.
“Beitzel went up and got it, and that's what we expect out of a senior,” Bates said. “We needed that badly. We have to be able to threaten in the passing game, and we were able to do that a little bit tonight.”
Cory-Rawson, undersized and outmanned compared to its Division V opponent, held Van Buren to minus-6 yards rushing in the second half. Some big plays in the first half, however, put the Hornets in a hole.
Jacob Leal, who rushed for 136 yards on 14 carries, scored on a 61-yard run on Van Buren's first offensive play. Leal added a 42-yard scoring run early in the second quarter on what has to become a Van Buren staple, a counter trap.
“Any time we can get the ball in No. 12's hands, Jacob Leal, we feel like we have an opportunity to be successful. Our line was called out this week to improve the blocking, and for the most part they showed up and did that.”
Franks found Codi Leanord for a 6-yard scoring pass and a 20-0 lead a little more than three minutes until halftime.
Cory-Rawson put up a solid scoring drive late in the first half. The Hornets, who rushed 45 times for 44 yards in the game, went 52 yards on seven rushing plays as Blaine Peterson scored from 2 yards out. Davis keyed the drive with a 26-yard sweep.
“The lack of numbers is hurting us,” Hefner said. “I really do believe we have a good football game. Defensively, I thought we played much better tonight, although the score doesn't really reflect it.
“We gave up a couple of really silly, big plays. Early on, we missed some tackles that led to some big plays. But, it looked like we cleaned that up in the second half and it's good to see.”
Cory-Rawson 0 7 0 0 — 7
Van Buren 6 14 7 0– 27
First Quarter
VB — Leal 61 run (pass failed)
Second Quarter
VB — Leal 42 run (Piccirillo kick)
VB — Leanord 6 pass from Franks (Piccirillo kick)
C-R — Peterson 2 run (Ritter kick)
Third Quarter
VB — Beitzel 28 pass from Franks (Piccirillo kick)
C-R VB
First Downs 6 5
Rushes-yards 45-44 31-153
Passing Yards 4 56
Comp-Att-Int 1-5-2 5-10-0
Punts-Avg. 6-35.2 5-35.0
Fumbles-Lost 5-1 2-1
Penalties-Yards 4-33 8-60
individual statistics
rushing — Cory-Rawson, Peterson 12-34, Price 10-26, Stauffer 7-15, Davis 10-7, Stiles 1-(minus-2), Marshall 5-(minus-36). Van Buren, Leal 14-136, Smith 2-16, S. Franks 7-4, Simons 3-3, P. Franks 1-0, Holman 3-(minus-1), Forsyth 1-(minus-5).
passing — Cory-Rawson, Marshall 1-5-2-4. Van Buren, S. Franks 5-10-0-56.
receiving — Cory-Rawson, Peterson 1-4. Van Buren, Leal 2-26, Beitzel 2-24, Leanord 1-6.
Radick, 419-427-8405,
Send an E-mail to Ted Radick
Comments
comments
FILE - In this Nov. 3, 2016, file photo, British labor rights activist Andy Hall talks to reporters at the Supreme Court in Bangkok. A Thai court of appeal dismissed criminal defamation charges against Hall who was sued by a fruit packaging company after he alleged human rights violations at its factory. (AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit, File)
FILE - In this Nov. 3, 2016, file photo, British labor rights activist Andy Hall talks to reporters at the Supreme Court in Bangkok. A Thai court of appeal dismissed criminal defamation charges against Hall who was sued by a fruit packaging company after he alleged human rights violations at its factory. (AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit, File)
BANGKOK (AP) - A Thai court of appeals has dismissed criminal defamation charges against a British labor rights activist who was sued by a fruit packaging company after he alleged human rights violations at its factory.
Andy Hall's protracted legal battle stemmed from a 2013 report he researched for Finnish consumer organization Finnwatch that alleged labor abuses at Natural Fruit's pineapple canning operation. It employed migrant workers from Myanmar who said the company abused them and broke labor regulations.
Sunya Joongdee, a lawyer for Hall, said Thursday's court ruling dismissed the criminal defamation case, which also resulted in the collapse of a related computer crime case.
He says the court accepted that Hall's interviews with migrant workers revealed information that should be made public.
Service members from the United States, Thailand, and Singapore build an auditorium at Ban Nong Mee, Buri Ram Province, Thailand, during exercise Cobra Gold, Feb. 3, 2017. Cobra Gold, in its 36th iteration, focuses on humanitarian civic action (HCA), community engagement, and medical activities to support the needs and humanitarian interest of civilian populations around the region. (U.S. Marine Corps Combat Camera photo by Lance Cpl. Maximiliano Rosas)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.03.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:49 Photo ID: 3166285 VIRIN: 170203-M-FB282-454 Resolution: 4260x2841 Size: 5.95 MB Location: KORAT, TH Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 36th Cobra Gold [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aldi has been named the cheapest supermarket in the UK, with more and more people turning to the German retailer to do their weekly shop.
A study by The Grocer magazine found a basket of essential items was more than 15 per cent cheaper than Asda - its nearest-price rival.
The supermarket was also named the Meat & Fish Retailer of the Year for the first time at the SuperMeat & Fish Awards 2017.
It also scooped eight trophies for its upcoming Christmas range, with Aldi's Specially Selected Exquisite Rumburgh Farm Whole Turkey winning an accolade over more expensive rivals.
It all sounds like a good reason to investigate what exactly Aldi has to offer - and what you need to know when shopping there.
Here are a few tips and tricks to make the most out of your next visit to one of the many Aldi stores, the Leicester Mercury reports.
1. The Specialbuys section is a whole new world
There are all sorts of goods in the Specialbuys section of an Aldi supermarket. Every Sunday and Thursday, Aldi offers "an exciting new mix of top-quality, great-value products" - they're limited in stock so once they're gone, they're gone.
(Image: David Bentley/Birmingham Mail)
Kids seem to love annoying their parents by hiding behind the large wire-basket displays, where you can find shoes, guitars, kitchen equipment, nests of tables and lots more. But be sure to look above for the prices, not below. And if you are really budget-conscious and want to keep your supermarket shopping bills down, stick to a list and avoid this area altogether.
(Image: David Bentley/Birmingham Mail)
2. It's not all stacked aisles - the sandwiches are decent too
If you want to try somewhere new for your lunchtime dash, then Aldi's sandwiches are worth checking out. They are a great price - and tasted pretty good to us.
Classic sandwiches such as tuna and sweetcorn, ham and cheese, and prawn mayonaise were £1.39, limited edition sandwiches including coronation chicken, beef and horseradish, and New York deli were £1.99.
(Image: David Bentley/Birmingham Mail)
3. Look out for the chocolates - they're familiar brands, with unfamiliar names
Move over Snickers, welcome to Racer. And instead of Mars, you'll discover Titan.
The bars are made by Dairyfine - and they look pretty much the same and taste pretty much the same as the original versions.
4. There are some unusual offers just inside the entrance
The first time we went, there was a big stack of vintage-style record players just inside the entrance door, then we visited again and saw boxes of garden tools.
And there's always a pile of the Aldi Amazing Specialbuys magazines so you can grab one and browse at home - you'll find items such as a waffle maker (£19.99), Canon printer (£22.99), bluetooth headphones (£16.99) and men's and women's hoodies (£7.99).
(Image: David Bentley/Birmingham Mail)
5. Watch out for the pricing displays
In some parts of an Aldi store, the prices for items are NOT displayed directly underneath, on the same shelf. Instead they are on the shelf above - and for top shelf items the prices are on a bar high over your head.
Look at the picture here where the bread appears to be 35p - but that's actually the pricing for the Everyday Essentials bread on the shelf below. The bread next to that yellow price tag is actually 79p. If items get shoved around on the shelves, it adds to the problem even more.
We got caught out by this when quickly picking up some broccoli that was next to a price display stating 39p but found out at the till it was the organic broccoli costing £1.03. And you get little time for making any changes at the till, as you will find out below.
(Image: David Bentley/Birmingham Mail)
6. They sell goods in an even cheaper basics range
If you just want cheap and standard food items and aren't bothered about brands or top quality, then the Everyday Essentials range is for you. Among this range, there's a jar of jam for 28p and a jar of marmalade for 27p.
Or you can pay a bit more for branded items - that pushes the price of marmalade up to 49p for a jar made by Grandessa, which is still a bargain.
(Image: David Bentley/Birmingham Mail)
7. Look out for some very trendy superfoods
Flaxseed, linseed, pumpkin seeds, sesame and chia are the latest superfoods. They're full of essential nutrients and can be mixed into porridge, yoghurt or smoothies. New to Aldi is a Linseed Mix for £1.79, as well as superfood powders from the Funktional Foods range.
You can even get peanut butter with pumpkin, sunflower and sesame seeds (we tried it and loved it, it's priced £1.19).
(Image: David Bentley/Birmingham Mail)
8. But it's not all basics - they do posh stuff too
If you think Aldi is all about basics, you'd be wrong. They do some fancy foods too, in a range called Specially Selected.
For instance, there's a pack of four Rhubarb, Apple and Cinnamon Fruit Pies for 99p, four Rosemary and Seasalt Focaccia for 99p and a Superseeded Loaf for 79p.
(Image: David Bentley/Birmingham Mail)
9. Gluten free? No worries, Aldi's got you covered
Free-from foods are now on offer too, following a growing demand from consumers.
Brits wanting to avoid dairy or gluten have forked out an extra £230 million on free-from food and drink in the past year - a rise of more than 40 per cent - according to The Grocer. And you can find these products on the shelves at Aldi. There's gluten-free pasta, bread, muffins, cookies, crackers, soup, porridge and more.
10. The choice of fresh fruit and veg is pretty impressive
(Image: David Bentley/Birmingham Mail)
Budget shops might have an image of being little more than aisles of packets and cans but they do have fresh produce too.
For instance, an Aldi cucumber was 44p, a huge sweet potato 57p, Iceberg lettuce 44p, a pack of courgettes 85p and a pack of onions 47p. Every time we've visited it was being restocked while we were there, adding to the impression of freshness.
You should also keep your eyes peeled for the special Super 6 deals. These are weekly deals where six items of fruit and veg will be discounted even further, so make sure you take advantage of these if you really want to blag a bargain.
(Image: David Bentley/Birmingham Mail)
11. There's also dairy-free drinks
You can also go dairy-free at Aldi without forking out high prices for cartons of milk alternatives. It offers soya or almond priced at just 59p, about a third of the price of some cartons of dairy-free drinks.
12. And of course - be ready for the checkout
Aldi's checkout staff are legendary. They scan your shopping at lightning speed, and it really does need to be seen to be believed.
Items are rapidly flicked and flung across the checkout area before you can remove already-scanned goods - so it's like a supermarket pinball machine or skittles game gone haywire, giving even the fastest of fingers little time for getting things in bags.
Firstly, be sure to calculate how many bags you need as they are stored on shelves below the conveyor and you need to grab them before your own checkout begins. Otherwise you'll have to go back along the queue and start reaching between other waiting customers to get to the carrier bags.
But most importantly, don't even bother to pack your shopping at the checkout.
If buying more than just a few items, use a trolley, just put everything straight in when it's scanned, then go to the shelf near the exit and do your packing at a pace to suit you.
WHAT police originally thought was a hit and run in Eastern Heights last night has turned out to be a much more unusual case.
Police and ambulance officers were called after a 25-year-old man was injured on Chermside Rd at 6.40pm last night.
Initial reports suggested he was the victim of a hit and run.
However police now believe the man jumped out of a moving vehicle on the Eastern Heights road.
The 25-year-old was rushed to Princess Alexandra Hospital overnight with a compound fracture to his ankle.
Former prime minister Nawaz Sharif would not appear for accountability court hearing on October 9 as he is attending his wife, who is recovering from surgeries, sources reported on Friday.
The ex-premier flew to London on Thursday after he was re-elected the president of Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) over a month after his disqualification.
The general council of the political party re-elected him as the president following an amendment in the electoral rules that previously barred any disqualified leader to lead a front.
Reportedly, he would not attend the hearing of assets beyond means case against him in an accountability court on October 9 for being in London at the time.
Maryam Nawaz, Capt (r) Safdar, Hassan Nawaz and Hussain Nawaz are currently in family's Mayfair residence, and Kulsoom Nawaz's chemotherapy is to begin next week.
The former premier attended the last two hearings in Islamabad and flew to London after his visa was extended.
Nawaz was disqualified as the premier on July 28 this year by the apex court in a corruption case pursued by Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI), Jamaat-e-Islami (JI) and Awami Muslim League (AML) after Panama Papers published a leak in April 2016.
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi was sworn in the days that followed, and a new cabinet was put in place.
It is pertinent to mention here that PML-N won the by-polls that were held in disqualified premier's constituency NA-120 on September 17. Kulsoom won the election whilst fighting cancer in London thanks to the electioneering conducted by Maryam.
With rich high-resolution media content still a little difficult to come across, going for an affordable TV may be what you need to cover your media consumption requirements. Taking the “smart” aspect out of the picture brings the costs down further, allowing you to get a high-quality television set at a good price easily.
To make things easier for you, we have curated a list of the top affordable TVs in India in 2018.
Top affordable TVs in India
TCL L39D2900 39-inch Full HD LED TV
The TCL L39D2900 comes with a 39-inch full HD LED display with a resolution of 1920x1080 pixels and a refresh rate of 60 hertz. The TV comes with ultra slim frames and dynamic picture enhancement which offers an enhanced viewing experience.
The TCL L39D2900 comes with a 16W speaker output and ASIC system which allows it to play a wide range of audio and video formats. For connectivity, the TCL 39-inch LED TV comes with 2 HDMI ports, 2 USB ports and a VGA port. It is currently available for Rs 19,999 on Amazon India and Flipkart.
Vu H40D321 39-inch Full HD LED TV
The Vu H40D321 comes with a 39-inch full HD LED display with a resolution of 1920x1090 pixels and a refresh rate of 60 hertz. The TV comes with an A+ Grade pure prism panel which provides an enhanced viewing experience.
The Vu 30-inch full HD LED TC features 7W + 7W speaker output and features AmpliFi Sound technology to provide clear and loud sounds. For connectivity, it comes with two HDMI ports, two USB ports and a 3.5mm headphone jack. It is priced at Rs 19,999 and is available on Flipkart.
LG 32LH516A 32-inch HD Ready LED IPS TV
The LG 32LH516A is a HD ready LED TV and it features a 32-inch HD LED display with a resolution of 1366 x 768 pixels and a refresh rate of 60 hertz. It comes with an IPS panel to offer clear, wide viewing angles, consistent color and contrast from all sides.
In terms of connectivity, the LG 32LH516A comes with one HDMI port, one USB port and a headphone jack. The TV also comes with various in-built games and Modes such as Bollywood Mode and Cricket Mode which automatically adjusts the volume and picture quality. The LG 32-inch LED TV comes with a 20W speaker output and is currently available for Rs 19,958 on Amazon India.
Vu 32K160M 32-inch HD Ready LED TV
The VU 32K160M is a HD Ready LED TV and comes with a 32-inch LED display with a resolution of 1366 x 768 and a refresh rate of 60 hertz. It comes with an A+ Grade ADS panel for enhanced viewing experience.
The Vu 32-inch LED TV comes with a 20W speaker output and AmpliFi Sound technology to offer clear vocals and high-fidelity sound quality. For connectivity, it comes with two HDMI ports, one USB port and a headphone jack. The Vu 32K160M is a budget TV and is available for Rs 13,499 on Flipkart.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
British holidaymakers could face a series of flight delays and cancellations this summer as London Luton airport workers consider industrial action over "paltry pay" and zero-hours contracts.
The union Unite has said that passengers "could experience significant disruption" to their travel plans as the strikes would take place during the summer - one of the busiest travel seasons of the year.
The airport is served by plenty of airlines, most notably easyJet which has a base there.
Meanwhile other budget airlines including Ryanair, Thomas Cook Airlines, TUI/First Choice, Vueling and Wizz Air all offer routes from the London-based airport.
The union says it has been negotiating with Luton Airport over pay, but that the company offered an increase of 2.15% to its workers, which was rejected in a consultative ballot, and then backed by an industrial action ballot.
As part of its case, Unite highlighted that Luton Airport's directors' remuneration has increased by 59% and the highest paid director received a pay increase of 48%.
The ballots are currently open until Friday 11th May 2018, but if workers vote in favour of the strikes these could take place as soon as the end of May.
(Image: PA)
Unite will be balloting members at Menzies Aviation, where baggage handlers who say the "company failed to revisit pay rates, breaches of the recognition agreement, poor working conditions and a lack of communication".
Meanwhile a separate vote will take place regarding members employed by Clece Care Service Ltd, who provide assistance at the airport to passengers with reduced mobility, over zero-hours contracts and bullying.
Finally, a third ballot will be held for employees of Luton Airport's branches of International Currency Exchange who are disputing a failure to pay a premium/ antisocial hours payment for staff working before 6am.
(Image: PA)
A spokesperson for Luton Airport said in a statement: "Given we have made a revised pay offer in-line with the current rate of inflation at 2.5% and negotiations are ongoing, it is disappointing to see Unite balloting for industrial action.
"Our staff receive a remuneration package in-line with the rest of the market, including a competitive salary, private health insurance and a generous pension scheme.
"In addition, our staff receive a share of profits, which this year is likely to be in the region of £5,000 for every qualifying employee."
(Image: Universal Images Group Editorial)
Meanwhile, Unite regional co-ordinating officer Ian Maidlow said: “Luton Airport workers regardless of their employer deserve a decent rate of pay for their work and to be treated fairly by management.
"These ballots demonstrate that members will no longer accept paltry pay packets and unfair treatment while their bosses constantly squeeze every last penny to boost profits.
"Workers employed directly by Luton airport have announced a strike ballot because they are justifiably up in arms over pay. They are being offered a pay cut in real terms when the airport's bosses have enriched themselves with sky high pay increases.
"Turnover at Luton airport is up, company profits are up and passenger numbers are up, but the workers on the front line are being given a pay cut.
"London Luton Airport now faces the prospect of a total shutdown if workers vote for strike action. It's time for management to get around the negotiating table and resolve this dispute.”
PUTNAM COUNTY, Ga. (AP) — A Georgia sheriff says the reward is now $115,000 for information leading to arrests of two inmates who killed two guards and escaped from a prison bus.
Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills says in a brief email to The Associated Press that “many significant contributions” boosted the reward from $70,000.
Authorities say 43-year-old Donnie Russell Rowe and 24-year-old Ricky Dubose have stolen at least two vehicles for their getaway.
The first was a Honda that was found hidden in woods near a house they ransacked about 25 miles (40 kilometers) from the site of the killing. Police say they then stole a white pickup truck from an industrial site in the area.
A memorial to a 3-year-old found dead in a wooded park in New Jersey was removed over the weekend ahead of his father's murder trial set to begin this week.The shrine on a tree that included images of Brendan Creato and stuffed animals, candles, ribbons and a small Christmas stocking was removed over the weekend before a jury is chosen starting Tuesday in David Creato Jr.'s trial, the Courier-Post reported.Investigators say the 23-year-old Haddon Township man killed the boy in October 2015 because he was an impediment to his relationship with a teenage girlfriend and then reported him missing. He has pleaded not guilty to murder and child endangerment charges and says that the boy wandered away from home on his own.The jury is expected to visit the park where the boy's body was found in a stream. Creato's attorney expressed concern over the possible impact of the memorial on the jury.Assistant Camden County prosecutor Christine Shah said at a pretrial hearing last week that a walk to the site would disprove Creato's claim that the boy wandered away. She said that the boy's socks were clean and his family members described him as being afraid of the dark. His father said he left home before dawn.Judge John Kelley has given tentative approval for the walk through the park, pending a final review of logistics.
Taylor Armerding is a long-time, award winning journalist who has been writing in the IT security field for the past six years. Previously he wrote for CSO Online.
Another big-time hit cable TV show has cleared out of Hollywood in favor of the Hudson Valley, this time to Nyack and a favorite tavern known as OD's.
The Showtime hit "Ray Donovan" is currently being filmed at O'Donoghue's Tavern on Main Street, the restaurant announced on Facebook .
In case you live in a different world and aren't in the know, some of the stars who will be in town for at least the next several months include Liev Schreiber (who owns a home in Dutchess County) and Westchester native Jon Voight.
The show tells the story of a hardnosed Irish-American who works for a law firm that "takes care of things" for the rich and famous. It also highlights the mixed-up family life "Ray" has, especially with his father.
OD's owner Geoff Torrens, said on Facebook : "We're so excited to announce that Ray Donovan is filming at OD's! We'll be closed for dinner but the bar will open for the Nyack Sessions. Stay tuned for more info!"
Filming will take place throughout the spring and summer.
OD's is at 66 Main St., call, 845-358-0180 , or visit ods-nyack.com
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
Police say an intruder forced his way into a Leda home before ransacking the place.
Police say an intruder forced his way into a Leda home before ransacking the place.
86-year-old man targeted in home invasion in Perth's south The West Australian
Police are hunting a man who forced his way into a Leda house, injuring an 86-year-old occupant before rifling through rooms.
The elderly man was treated in hospital for a foot injury caused when the front door swung into him as the intruder entered the Djilba View property about 6.15pm on Sunday.
A woman stood watch outside the house while the man, believed to be aged in his late teens to mid-20s, searched through several rooms.
The wanted man is described as dark skinned, with a slim build, and between 160cm to 180cm tall with short dark hair.
He was wearing an aqua blue shirt, blue shorts, and was carrying a blue backpack.
The woman was believed to be aged between 18 and 25, with a slim build and about 150cm to 170cm tall with shoulder-length black hair.
She was wearing a black top, black shorts, black sandals and was carrying a black handbag.
Anyone who may have information about the home invasion can contact Crime Stoppers.
We are sorry, but you cannot access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber. Click here to subscribe, or contact us at Pajhwok for more information.
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
Here are the highlights of what Theresa May had to say in her Downing Street speech.
And unelected members of the House of Lords have vowed to fight us every step of the way.
The Scottish National Party say they will vote against the legislation that formally repeals Britain's membership of the European Union.
The Liberal Democrats have said they want to grind the business of government to a standsill.
In recent weeks Labour has threatened to vote against the deal we reach with the European Union.
The country is coming together, but Westminster is not.
At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster, but instead there is division.
Because what they are doing jeopardises the work we must do to prepare for Brexit at home and it weakens the Government's negotiating position in Europe.
If we do not hold a general election now their political game-playing will continue, and the negotiations with the European Union will reach their most difficult stage in the run-up to the next scheduled election.
Division in Westminster will risk our ability to make a success of Brexit and it will cause damaging uncertainty and instability to the country.
So we need a general election and we need one now, because we have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin.
I have only recently and reluctantly come to this conclusion.
Since I became Prime Minister I have said that there should be no election until 2020, but now I have concluded that the only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead is to hold this election and seek your support for the decisions I must take.
And so tomorrow I will move a motion in the House of Commons calling for a general election to be held on the eighth of June.
That motion, as set out by the Fixed-Term Parliaments Act, will require a two-thirds majority of the House of Commons.
So I have a simple challenge to the opposition parties, you have criticised the Government's vision for Brexit, you have challenged our objectives, you have threatened to block the legislation we put before Parliament.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The US Vice President has directly condemned white supremacists who marched shouting Nazi propaganda after Donald Trump failed to do so.
Mike Pence spoke out on a visit to Colombia as the White House was forced to clarify the President's remarks.
James Alex Fields Jr, who joined white supremacists at the rally on Saturday, faces a murder charge after a car rammed counter-protesters, killing peaceful Heather Heyer and injuring 19 others.
After the "terrorist" killing in Charlottesville Trump said he condemns "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides".
But he pointedly failed to mention the alt-right or white nationalism - sparking fury including from his own party.
Last night Vice President Pence said: "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo Nazis or the KKK.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Charlottesville Police)
(Image: REUTERS)
"These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
As anger grew yesterday the White House e-mailed a statement from an anonymous spokesperson to reporters.
It claimed: "The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”
Yet by then Trump had prompted anger with his "many sides" statement.
The President had also pointedly denied his brand of politics was responsible, saying: "It's been going on for a long time in our country - not Donald Trump, not Barack Obama. It has been going on for a long, long time. It has no place in America."
That denial came despite former KKK Imperial Wizard David Duke attending yesterday's rally and telling reporters: "We're going to fulfil the promises of Donald Trump."
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Anadolu)
And he has now condemned CNN, Samuel L Jackson and Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg more directly than he has condemned white nationalists who chanted "f*** you faggots" and "blood and soil".
The second chant - "blut und boden" in German - is a philosophy of rural folklore that was taken up Nazi leader Adolf Hitler to push the idea of white-skinned German people as a 'master race'.
Republican Senator for Utah Orrin Hatch fumed: "We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home."
Virginia's Democrat governor Terry McAuliffe said: "I have a message for all the white supremacists and the Nazis who came into Charlottesville today. Our message is plain and simple - go home. You are not wanted. Shame on you.
"You pretend you are patriots but you are anything but a patriot."
© Reuters
American commanders should not underestimate the capabilities of the Iranian Navy, said Rear Admiral Habibollah Sayyari, promising to let his fleet set sail for the western part of the Atlantic in the near future.Sayyari said that in a "recent program on CNN," US officials had tried to portray the Iranian Navy as weak and unable to operate over large distances."[In a program aired] on CNN, they [the Americans] drew a line from Bandar Abbas [an Iranian seaport] to the Atlantic and said Iran is by no means is capable of entering the ocean and passing through it," he added. "But we arrived in the Atlantic, and we will go to the west of the ocean in the near future."Sayyari had said earlier that the redeployment of Iranian Navy forces to the Atlantic was one of his priorities."Redeployment in the Atlantic Ocean, intelligence superiority, development of communications, progress in the development of the Makran coast and building new vessels are among the navy's plans this year," Fars quoted Sayyari as saying in April.The Iranian Navy is involved in operations around the world to secure naval routes and protect merchant vessels and oil shipments. Since 2008, Iranian warships have been conducting patrols of the Gulf of Aden, between the Horn of Africa and the Arabian Peninsula, to guard against Somali pirates, which have been renewing their raids on merchant vessels in the area since the onset of the Yemeni civil war.
New Zealand sitcom goes viral with a shocking cliffhanger
Take a sneak peek at Episode two of The Moorside
Saturday Kitchen viewers are turned off by giant
Tom Watson says Labour wants to 'make Britain grea
Danny Dyer talks about his children and parenting
Take a sneak peek at season six of Girls
Bear breaks all the rules by kissing on Celebs go
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New Zealand soap Shortland Street has been making headlines across the world thanks to an epic cliffhanger.
The scene in question address the dangers of young people sexting, however, the tone was more comical than perhaps intended.
In the show, teenager Harry Warner has a very awkward moment with his father Chris.
After rudely ushering his son's girlfriend out of the family home, he looks furious as as he holds out an iPad.
Explaining himself, Chris yells: "The tablet is still synced with your phone... Please tell me that is not your penis?!"
Judging by the mortified look on Harry's face, we're guessing it was.
However, viewers are struggling to feel sorry for the lad because the scene is so hilarious.
Opening up about the worldwide success of the penis cliffhanger Shortland St producer Maxine Fleming has described it "the cliffhanger of the year".
“As soon as I read that script I was like, that is the cliff hanger of the year, for me," she told Stuff.co.nz .
"It is a comedy story, but like all good comedy there's a truth at the core of it, and it is social commentary, that story. Many teens are doing stuff like this, and many parents are worried about it."
The epic cliffhanger was conjured up by script producer Nick Malmholt - and Fleming predicted it would be a hit from the start.
"I think Michael now is going to have that line shouted at him across the street. ... So I'm sorry about that Michael," she joked.
The producer revealed that the plot will be developed further in upcoming episodes.
B.C. Liberal leadership candidate Todd Stone's campaign has disclosed that it has cancelled membership applications from 1,349 people after being questioned by party officials about the lack of email addresses.
“Last Friday, our senior campaign team was contacted by the party about a situation involving missing email addresses on a group of pending membership applications submitted by our campaign – mainly from prospective members whose first language is not English,” Stone campaign chair Peter Fassbender said in a statement Friday.
With voting underway since Thursday and being completed at 5 p.m. on Saturday, the Stone campaign agreed not to let the applications be activated to vote.
“Upon being informed of the situation, Todd immediately requested a full investigation to determine exactly what had transpired,” Fassbender said. “Upon conclusion of that, Todd and our senior team presented those findings to the party rules committee including a recommendation that the membership applications in question – 1,349 in total – not be included in this voting process to ensure the integrity of the result.
“The party agreed with the recommendation and the individuals in question will not be able to cast a ballot because of their incomplete application.”
2. We have handled all issues with membership applications rapidly, strictly, and by the book. We informed each campaign of their number of forms not accepted, and the reasons for those decisions. #bclib18 #bcpoli — Emile Scheffel (@Emile_BC) February 2, 2018
B.C. Liberal Party executive director Emile Scheffel said the party's inspection of new memberships included checking email addresses. He issued a statement Friday that does not clarify if other campaigns had similar issues.
“In any case where the party was not satisfied that an email address was the applicant's own as required by the rules, those applications were not accepted,” Scheffel said. “Based on that process, we are confident that only those membership applications that have met all of the party's criteria for membership, including those applications submitted by the Todd Stone campaign, have been accepted.”
WYOMING, Ohio (AP) — The father of an American college student released by North Korea and now hospitalized in a coma says his son was “brutalized” by his captors.
Fred Warmbier told Fox News' Tucker Carlson on Wednesday from his Ohio home that his son, Otto, “is not in great shape right now.”
“Otto has been terrorized and brutalized for 18 months by a pariah regime in North Korea,” the father said in an interview scheduled to air Thursday night.
The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was medically evacuated from North Korea and flown to Cincinnati late Tuesday. He was then taken by ambulance to a hospital.
Fred Warmbier said he does not know exactly what happened to his son during his detention. He and his wife, Cindy, planned a Thursday news conference.
Related: US college student released by North Korea arrives in Ohio
The public appearance will be at Wyoming High School, one of Ohio's top-rated schools. Warmbier graduated from there in 2013 as class salutatorian and had played soccer.
Residents of the northern Cincinnati suburb tied blue-and-white ribbons, the school colors, to trees near the family home. Joy at his release was mixed with concern after his parents said they were told he had been in the coma for over a year.
Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said there should be an investigation into what happened to Warmbier leading to this “tragic situation.”
Richardson, a Democrat, credited the Department of State with securing Warmbier's return from North Korea without any preconditions but said a forceful response from the U.S. government would be required “if its determined that there was a cover-up and Otto's condition was not disclosed and he didn't get proper treatment.”
City councilwoman Jenni McCauley said the tight-knit community was “thrilled” to have Warmbier back.
“Even though they're saddened by his condition, they're just glad for the family that he is home,” McCauley said. “For any parent, this is their worst nightmare. … We're hoping that he will be OK.”
She called him “a fabulous young man” who was known as intelligent, personable and well-liked in school and in the community.
Related: Tillerson: North Korea releases US college student
Ellie Boettcher, a 14-year-old rising freshman at Wyoming High, where Warmbier's sister will be a sophomore, said students were elated.
“We're just really glad that he's able to come back,” Boettcher said. “Nothing really bad ever happens in Wyoming. It's kind of like a bubble. So it's really tragic. But luckily he is back, and I believe he will make a full recovery.”
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea. He had tearfully confessed to trying to steal a propaganda banner while visiting. He was released Tuesday, more than 17 months after being detained.
Such detentions in the totalitarian nation have added to tensions between Washington and Pyongyang. Three Americans remain in custody.
The U.S. government accuses North Korea of using such detainees as political pawns. North Korea accuses Washington and South Korea of sending spies to overthrow its government.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Tuesday that his department was continuing “to have discussions” with North Korea about the release of the other three imprisoned American citizens.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pet owner has told of her anguish after her beloved pooch went missing in Cambridgeshire three weeks ago.
Tracey Hawkins, from St Ives, says her "world fell apart" when she learned that her Miniature Pinscher called Alfie went missing at around 2pm in Somersham Road on May 8.
Ms Hawkins "hasn't stopped crying" since the nine-year-old dog went missing after escaping from her garden, and would like help to find him.
"My world is falling apart," she said. "I haven't stopped crying since he went missing.
"We don't think he has been stolen. He's got severe pancreatitis and he has been neutered, so can't be that much use to anyone.
"He's also quite angry and aggressive [with people he doesn't know]. He's quite a nervous dog.
"I haven't seen him bite anyone, but I can't say he wouldn't."
Ms Hawkins said that he escaped once before two years ago, but was found in a ditch after becoming trapped.
Alfie is described as being nervous and frightened around strangers, black with browny-grey patches with a fully grown tail.
Have you seen him? Contact 07719919514 if you have. A reward will be given if found.
Rams league player Tim Taylor, league coach Scott Franklin, vice president Geoff Shaw and colts coach Rodney Glands are excited for the season ahead.
Rams league player Tim Taylor, league coach Scott Franklin, vice president Geoff Shaw and colts coach Rodney Glands are excited for the season ahead. Picture: Picture: Aiden Boyham, Aiden Boyham
There's a real buzz in the air at Anniversary Park — another summer has come to a close and a tough but productive pre-season will soon wrap up and open the door to a new season of football.
As the Rockingham Rams put the final touches on their preparations for the season ahead, the Telegraph caught up with the club's league coach Scott Franklin ahead of what promises to be another exciting year in the Peel Football League.
In 2017, the Rams improved drastically on a disappointing 2016, finishing just a couple of games outside a finals berth.
Consistency was a sticking point for the young outfit, however, with strong performances often followed by disappointing results.
This time around, Franklin said the goal for the club was to bridge that gap.
“Obviously the aim is to play finals — but for me it's not all about that,” he said.
“That sometimes doesn't tell you where your club is at. Last year we'd have a really good win and then we would have a really bad loss — or we would have three really good quarters and a poor fourth quarter.
“We know if we get that consistency it will put us right up there.”
When pressed on recruits for the new season, Franklin was tight-lipped, but indicated there could be something in the pipeline. “We are on a different recruiting plan than others,” he said.
“We're recruiting for the future, hoping to get 22 to 23-year-olds to recruit and then get them to stay here for the next five or six years.
“We look like we've got two of those, which is really good.”
Off the field, the club has continued to make steady ground.
Car Giant WA has come onboard as a platinum jumper sponsor, with three new sets purchased for the league, reserves and colts teams.
This year, Rodney Glands will oversee the colts, while Damien Mollison will coach the reserves — with the club also seeking Year 5 and Year 7 boys' players and Year 11 and Year 12 girls.
Before the Rams tackle cross-town rivals Baldivis in round 1 on April 7, the club will face the Warnbro Swans in the Todd Taylor Cup on Saturday.
In addition, the club will also host its 2018 season launch this Friday at Anniversary Park.
A whole-club training session will start at 5.45pm, with food and drink available.
Southampton Town officials are considering a traffic fix this summer that they say will hasten the slow rolling “trade parade” as commuters and tradespeople make their way east in the morning.
The town has switched a traffic light at the intersection of Montauk Highway and Station Road in Water Mill to a blinking yellow light during the morning rush, a change officials said shaves up to eight minutes off a west-to-east commute. The one-mile stretch from the end of County Road 39 — a main South Fork artery that becomes Montauk Highway — to the Water Mill intersection is one of the most clogged sections of the artery, as two lanes converge into one and the traffic light slows the flow of vehicles.
“We find that if you can eliminate a light it makes a tremendous difference in travel time,” said Southampton Town Supervisor Jay Schneiderman. “With the light on, [the trip between County Road 39 and the Water Mill intersection] was typically about 16 to 20 minutes. We blinked the light and it dropped down to eight minutes.”
Heavy vehicles — like the landscaping, construction and delivery trucks that crowd South Fork roads — take longer to move after stopping, creating a backlog, Schneiderman noted.
The South Fork faces unique traffic problems due to its geography, lack of major highways and because much of its workforce travels from points west.
The number of average daily car trips through the nearby intersection of County Road 39 and Montauk Highway has risen from 28,944 in 2005 to 40,891 in 2016, a 41 percent increase, according to DOT data provided by the town.
The traffic light plan is still under review and is pending approval of the state Department of Transportation, according to an agency spokesman. If continued, the change will likely be in effect from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. through July, according to Thomas Neely, Southampton's director of transportation and public safety.
“That's the peak morning congestion,” he said. “Teachers are still working and contractors are getting homes ready for the season.”
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Locals and commuters will likely welcome the shortened commute — even if it is only by a few minutes.
Katherine Guiza, an office assistant at Dario's Landscaping in Southampton, said it used to take her an hour and 15 minutes to get from her home in Hampton Bays to a former job in East Hampton, a roughly 20-mile drive. She said the traffic was a major factor in her decision to take a new job, which is based in an office on North Sea Road, about a mile and a half west of Water Mill and a 30-minute commute.
“It takes a long time and it's crazy,” Guiza said. “That's why people go the other route,” she added, referring to back roads like Scuttle Hole Road.
The light at Tuckahoe Road and County Road 39 will blink through the U.S. Open golf tournament, being played June 11-17 at Shinnecock Hills Golf Club. Officials will collect data during the event and determine whether or not to make the switch permanent.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The small, intense man coiled his fingers around an ­imaginary .22 calibre revolver – and aimed it at my head. It was terrifying.
This was Sirhan Sirhan recreating those seconds just past midnight on June 5, 1968, when he emptied his newly purchased ­I­ver Johnson Cadet revolver in the ­direction of Robert Kennedy.
The younger brother of slain President John F Kennedy was the golden ­presidential hope of the Democrat Party.
After speaking at a rousing rally at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles he wove his way out through a kitchen – into the history books of assassinations.
The shooting, 50 years ago next month, has been the subject of many theories.
(Image: Hulton Archive)
The latest comes from Robert Kennedy Junior who doubts whether Sirhan Sirhan was his father's assassin.
A new book, The Assassination of Robert Kennedy by Tim Tate and Brad Johnson, casts similar doubts. They all question whether there could have been a second shooter, and whether they were the one who fired the fatal shot.
But 40 years ago I spent hours in a cell with Sirhan Sirhan ­interviewing him.
It took gentle handling for this then 35-year-old Palestinian Christian to open up about his central part in one of the great crimes of the last century.
And I have never doubted that he was the man who took the senator's life.
(Image: Reuters)
We met in California's ­Maximum Security Wing at Soledad Prison 120 miles south of San Francisco.
The sun blazed in through barred windows and a warder, armed with a truncheon, stood feet away.
“I have a hazy memory of that day,” claimed Sirhan, his dark brown eyes softening.
“I am deeply remorseful at having killed another human being. I have a deep hatred, in ­principle, of killing anyone.”
But suddenly his mouth ­tightened into a line of anger.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
“I was not regretful about killing a man who was threatening me, my life, my country, my Palestine, my beloved homeland,” he said.
“What I did was a political act. I was the instrument.”
It summed up the tortured loyalties of this seemingly gentle man who saw his Palestinian ­homeland threatened by Israel.
Everything came to boiling point when he read that Kennedy had urged his fellow ­Americans “to keep our commitment to Israel – and with arms if necessary”. The shock of those words is still reflected on his face.
That usually soft face was rigid with fury as he remembered the days that erupted into the death of Robert Kennedy.
“Some of that time was hazy. But I remember I was greatly agitated and in a highly nervous condition,” he said.
Then I read in the Los Angeles Times that a Zionist organisation (he spat out the word “Zionist”) was ­planning to hold a victory march in the vicinity of the hotel where Kennedy was speaking.”
(Image: CBS)
It was the first anniversary of Israel's victorious Six Day War – an event ­intensely sensitive to an angry ­Palestinian like Sirhan.
“It was that march that compelled me to go down – my lovely Palestine was emotionally in my heart,” he said.
But from the moment he arrived at the hotel things around him became a blur, something which he blamed on having downed five Tom Collins gin-based cocktails in a nearby bar.
“Like most Arabs, I do not drink alcohol, so my body was not used to it,” he said, allowing himself a rare smile. By now, details of that day were drifting back to him.
“I remember returning unsteadily to my car to rest. I had to get my mind straight. I also had to go and get the gun because I was afraid the Jews would steal it.”
(Image: Popperfoto)
In the hotel Sirhan remembers standing by a tele-type machine that was giving share prices.
“It was Western Union or something and I was fascinated by the way keys were working by themselves,” he said.
A woman testified she had seen him staring at the machine “as if he was half asleep”.
But there his memory dried up. “It was a complete blank, still is,” he told me.
He cannot recall that moment when he pushed his way through and pointed the small gun at Kennedy's head. He was so close, he could hardly have missed.
Nor can he recall shouting, “Kennedy, you son of a bitch” nor pulling the trigger twice. Although he actually emptied the gun, wounding others.
There is no memory of the 44-year-old ­politician shouting, “Oh my God…Oh no” and trying to hide himself.
Sirhan learned later two of Kennedy's guards, US football star Rosey Grier and Olympic gold medallist Rafer Johnson hurled their bodies on him.
The diminutive Arab lay helpless beneath their weight.
“The first thing I remember was when these guys were sitting on me and choking the hell out of me,” he said, with a faint, painful smile.
“After that, it was just a long, black nightmare – like something out of a book by Kafka. Have you read Kafka? That whole period of time was strange and disjointed for me,” he said. “But I remember being questioned by these detectives who were very jokey.
“I thought it was all very strange, weird even. I guessed – or I later surmised – they were using some form of primitive psychology. To keep me calm, I guess.”
(Image: Hulton Archive)
But the moment of truth would come when Sirhan appeared in court in Los Angeles that ­following morning.
“For the first time I heard the word ‘murder' and I thought, ‘My God… what have I done?' It was a terrible moment.”
He still looked shocked at the memory. And there was worse to come – the death penalty was still used in California.
“I knew I would have to come to terms with dying in the gas chamber but I had no actual fear,” he said.
Then, much to his relief, California abolished the death penalty and his sentence become life imprisonment.
“Some of the others on Death Row had been listening to the radio at night.
“They came in and woke me with the news. It took a day for it to sink in,” he recalled.
(Image: Time & Life Pictures/Getty Image)
Now he believes it was God who saved him – “and not a couple of judges in ­California's Supreme Court”.
In 2016, Sirhan, now 74, was denied the right to appeal for a new trial.
All that matters to him now is being forgiven by God for what he did that day.
But whatever other claims, conspiracy theories and mad beliefs have emerged, there can be little doubt that Sirhan fired two of his six bullets from that tin revolver into Robert Kennedy, snuffing out the life of a presidential hopeful.
Sirhan liked to show off his learning from the books he devoured in the sixteen hours a day he is alone in his cell.
As we parted, he showed no real contrition and quoted Nietzsche: “One should guard against being spiritually disturbed after ­committing a great act.”
A great act? The brutal murder of Robert Kennedy?
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
© Mike Stone / Reuters
Talks on renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) will begin in Washington on Wednesday. During his presidential campaign, Donald Trump promised Americans to pull the country out of "useless and unprofitable" trade pacts.The United States, Canada, and Mexico signed NAFTA in 1994 and has been heavily criticized by the new president. According to Trump, the deal which provides for tax-free trade between the three countries is taking vehicle plants and jobs away from the US to low-wage Mexico.Trump's primary reason for renegotiating NAFTA has been the drastic shift in the US' trade balance with Mexico which has changed from a surplus of $1.3 billion to a deficit of $64 billion since the deal came into force.Any changes in the deal could have a huge impact in Mexico, on manufacturers and farmers in particular.The commercial balance with Canada, America's second largest trading partner, is more even, but those trade relations also have some stumbling points in such sectors as dairy, wine, and grains.Through renegotiating the trilateral deal Washington aims to decrease the trade deficit and to boost market access for US manufacturing, agriculture, and services in Canada and Mexico.To increase employment in the auto industry in the US, White House negotiators will reportedly seek to strengthen the rules of origin - essential criteria to determine the national source of products. The step may shut out more parts from Asia.At the same time, the US may insist on strengthening an unprecedented US-specific content requirement for Mexican vehicles.The rules of origin reportedly have to encourage the sourcing of goods and materials from the United States and North America. The suggestion has raised concerns among auto industry executives and trade groups. Representatives are worried a renewed deal will guarantee a certain percentage of production for the United States.The measure will increase spending and may break a supply chain that sees parts moving within NAFTA borders and makes North American cars competitive with Asia and Europe. The representatives say a better way to get the jobs back is to promote more vehicle exports."Our members feel very strongly that rules of origin are not the tools to use to reshore jobs into the US," said Ann Wilson, senior vice president of government affairs for the Motor and Equipment Manufacturers Association, as quoted by Reuters.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Roberto Firmino has opened up on how Phillipe Coutinho's January departure affected Liverpool.
The 25-year-old attacking midfielder moved to Barcelona as part of a stunning £142million deal.
Coutinho was Liverpool's technically the best player and a creative member of the team, but since his switch the Reds have only lost three times in 12 games, scoring plenty along the way.
Firmino is enjoying his best goalscoring season in a Liverpool shirt while Mohamed Salah has found the back of the net an astonishing 36 times.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
(Image: PA)
When asked how Coutinho's move affected Liverpool, Firmino told GOAL : "We changed the way we played after his exit. Which team in the world would not like to have a player of the quality of Coutinho?
"But he continued his life at Barcelona and Liverpool remained strong, as we always were.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: David Ramos)
"I just worry about playing well and helping Liverpool go as far as possible in the Premier League.
"If that is achieved by me scoring goals, even better. Thank God, the goals are coming! Winning the title is difficult this season, so we will fight to secure a Champions League place again. That's one of the goals."
The Russian Strategic Missile Force received 21 ballistic missiles in 2017, Chief of the Defense Ministry's Military Representations Department Colonel Oleg Stepanov said on January 31:
"Overall, 21 ballistic missiles, 19 autonomous launchers, 33 combat duty support vehicles, 7 command posts and 310 other integral parts of the systems were delivered," the state-run news agency TASS quoted Stepanov as saying. "A total of six launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles were carried out in 2017 to extend the warranty periods for the operation of missile systems that are on combat duty, and also for training purposes. The hardware showed its operation in a normal mode and the assigned tasks were accomplished."
Commander of the 39th Missile Division Major-General Pavel Burkov added that the 357th missile regiment finished its rearmament with Yars missile systems.
The 39th Missile Division includes two missile regiments armed with mobile Yars systems and one missile regiment equipped with Yars-S systems.
With US President Donald Trump promising in his State of the Union speech on Tuesday to drastically upgrade America's nuclear capabilities, Moscow is not standing idly by.Those thinking of threatening Russia with military force, now have more reason to think again. Twenty-one brands spanking new reasons.Russia's RS-24 MIRV nuclear warheads, in use by the Russian Strategic Missile Forces (SMF), just got some new rockets to ride, reports Southfront The SMF is to be equipped with about a hundred Yars intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs), with the Yars-S being the mobile variation of this system.It is designed to carry between four and ten nuclear warheads for maximum defense capability and is outfitted with anti-missile defense systems.Here's are the details:
ADELAIDE, Australia (AP) — Ariya Jutanugarn is resigned to the fact that 2017 couldn't possibly be better than her breakout year in 2016. A day ahead of the start of the Women's Australian Open at Royal Adelaide, the 21-year-old Thai golfer also says she's not putting pressure on herself to overtake Lydia Ko for the No. 1 ranking.
After winning five tournaments last year, Jutanugarn captured the LPGA Tour's player of the year award, the money title and the season-long points competition that came with a $1 million bonus.
“I'm not going to try to compare myself this year with last year, because this year, it's not going to be like 2016,” Jutanugarn said Wednesday. “I'm just going to try my best with everything and try to be more happy on the course and try to have fun.”
Jutanugarn made her comments not long after Ko said she wasn't concerned about being on the radar of other golfers wishing to overtake her for the top ranking. And Jutanugarn also played down the importance of her ranking.
Advertisement
“This year, my target, I won't worry about the ranking at all,” she said. “I mean, there's going to be a lot of expectation from other people, so I want to play with my own expectations.”
Jutanugarn will tee off in the first round on Thursday afternoon with defending champion Haru Nomura of Japan and England's Charley Hull.
Here are some other things to know about the LPGA tournament which will help Royal Adelaide celebrate its 125th anniversary.
___
THE FIELD: Ko is among four of the top 10-ranked players entered. As well, 10 major champions, including three from 2016, are in a field that includes Brooke Henderson and Michelle Wie and Australian veteran Karrie Webb.
Ko, a South Korean-born New Zealander, has been a pro golfer since October 2013, and she's been No. 1 for roughly half of that time. She's held the top ranking for the past 68 weeks, after a previous stint in 2015. “I have been fortunate enough to be in this position for so long and obviously it takes a lot of hard work and, I think, luck at the same time,” Ko said Wednesday. “But when we're out there, we're not thinking about what ranked player she is to me, or what I am. That is the mindset I have been trying to take. I feel more self-pressure rather than pressure from others.”
___
CONSISTENT HENDERSON: No. 8-ranked Henderson had the second-most top-10 finishes on the LPGA Tour in 2016 behind Jutanugarn (16) with 15 in her 31 starts. Between February and April, the 19-year-old Canadian had eight straight top-10 finishes, and later captured two wins in June including her first major at the Women's PGA Championship. “2016 was really incredible, having my first major win … a top 10 at the Olympics, incredible experience and I feel like I learned a lot about myself on and off the course.”
___
GETTING A (NEW) GRIP: Wie is back for the first time since 2012 at the Women's Australian Open, where she missed her cut in her only previous appearance in this event. She has five top-10 finishes since her last LPGA victory at the 2014 U.S. Women's Open and had just one top-10 all of last season, after having none in 2015. After missing the cut at the season-opening Bahamas LPGA Classic, Wie said she plans a new style on the greens in Adelaide— the “claw” putting grip made popular by Phil Mickelson and Sergio Garcia. Wie will also shelve her “table-top” stance, where her body is at a 90-degree angle over the ball, to a regular position over the putter.
___
GALLERIES NOTE: Ko has been paired with Jang Ha-na of South Korea and Henderson for a morning start Thursday. Five-time champion Webb will play alongside American major champion Mo Martin and Sweden's Pernilla Lindberg. Wie has an afternoon start with fellow Americans Angel Yin and Mariah Stackhouse.
Ilkay Gundogan insists the Premier League title race is not over, despite Manchester City racking up a double-digit lead over bitter rivals Manchester United.
Pep Guardiola's in-form side took their winning run to a record 14 top-flight matches within a single season by emerging triumphant at Old Trafford.
Nicolas Otamendi volleyed home to wrap up a memorable 2-1 win that was met by mass celebrations by all connected to City - merrymaking that got under the skin of the hosts and led to a post-match fracas.
Gundogan kept quiet on any such issues after the game, but was open when it was put to the defensive midfielder that many say the title race is effectively over given their 11-point cushion over second-place United after 16 games.
"It doesn't feel like that, to be honest," the Germany international said.
"It feels like we gained three very important points - not more, not less.
"Of course we are very happy about the way we played.
"We knew that it is going to be difficult because they have very quick players up front, strong players, so we expected a lot of long balls.
"But the way we defend, especially our back four defend this kind of balls, was amazing today.
"We were brave enough to play, or to play our game.
"In my opinion, I think I can speak for the whole team, it is a fully-deserved win."
Gundogan believes City are playing "completely the right way", having dominated large parts of a match that looked to be going the visitors' way even before David Silva opened the scoring.
Marcus Rashford quickly brought United level, but Otamendi's winner wrapped up a win that led to wild celebrations.
"I think United had an unbeaten run - I don't know how many games - here at home," Gundogan said.
"It's definitely not easy to come here, to play the way we've played and especially to win that game.
"So, yeah, it was about a lot of mentality, about a lot of heart and bravery to do this kind of things.
"We just felt like that we are the deserved winners of this game and that's why we were so happy after the final whistle.
"Obviously it was a special game as well. It was not just a game. That all made it special."
IGA stores might not have a future if the Government starts to target the way supplier Metcash behaves.
IGA stores might not have a future if the Government starts to target the way supplier Metcash behaves.
THE future of your local IGA has just got a lot more cloudy. The Government has signalled it will crack down on the struggling supermarket system even as it loses market share to Aldi, Coles and Woolworths.
Before we see why your IGA could be in strife, we need to look at how IGAs work.
You probably know the in IGA stands for independent. What you might not know is that almost all IGAs depend on a big grocery wholesaler called Metcash. Metcash supplies them with the groceries they sell (except in Tasmania, it's different down there). But Metcash is now in the Government's sights, and that could squeeze the local IGA.
Metcash always seems to be a few years behind the big two supermarkets. You might remember a few years back Coles and Woolworths got in big trouble for the way they were treating their suppliers.
There was a ruckus and a Grocery Code of Conduct was set up to prevent it from happening again. The Grocery Code is a weird law - you have to agree to be part of it, but once you agree, it applies like any law. Aldi, Coles, Woolies all agreed to abide by the system and it has apparently made a positive difference. Their suppliers are happier now.
But Metcash opted out of the Grocery Code. And now the Government is after them. It commissioned a review on how the Grocery Code is working, and the draft report singles out Metcash for its behaviour towards the farmers and food manufacturers that fill IGA shelves.
"The review received complaints from suppliers concerning the conduct of Metcash, including issues relating to unilateral demands, forensic accounting practices to offsetting amounts owed without the supplier's consent, failure to comply with promotional terms, and requiring payments above reasonable costs to conduct study tours," the draft report says.
"The review identified ongoing issues between the wholesaler and its suppliers. Metcash should become a signatory to the Grocery Code."
The draft report could change, and even then the Government doesn't have to accept the recommendations. But it seems very likely Metcash will soon find itself with its back to the wall.
STRUGGLE TOWN
The narrow aisles of the IGA were once a big part of Australians' grocery shopping lives. But that has changed and IGA is slowly becoming a victim of our enthusiasm for Aldi. Metcash now has around 7 per cent market share and dropping.
Is this end for your local IGA?
The review outlines the problem - Metcash and IGA are behind the times.
"With increased price competition, independent retailers and Metcash have faced a steady decline in their turnover over the past five years. Questions have also been raised about whether its traditional wholesale model remains suitable for adapting to changes in consumer habits," the review says.
ADVANCE FAIRLY
Everyone would agree that Metcash should treat suppliers fairly. But IGAs already struggle to compete on price with the big chains. Forcing Metcash to sign up to the code might make its groceries even pricier, and accelerate the decline of the humble IGA.
So it would be no surprise if Metcash wants to avoid the code. I asked Metcash spokesman Steve Ashe whether Metcash would still be viable if it had to sign up to the code, and if IGAs would have to shut down. He didn't answer those questions directly, but he didn't exactly show enthusiasm for fully signing up to the code.
"Our model is based around partnering and working closely with our suppliers. We believe we already comply with the parts of the Code that relate to us, and would consider signing up to components of the code that do not, lead to an adverse impact on the competitiveness of our independent retailers," he said.
Metcash can try to duck and weave, but the review suggests the Government should just shirt-front them if they do.
"In the event Metcash continues to remain outside of the Grocery Code, the Review recommends that the Government introduce a separate mandatory code of conduct containing the same substantive terms as the current Code (together with any amendments adopted as a consequence of Government accepting recommendations in this Report) with targeted application to Metcash," the review says.
That struck me as a fairly harsh approach, and actually made me wonder how much influence Coles, Woolworths and Aldi might have had on this report. Nevertheless, it seems the Government will soon be on the warpath, and the threat of a mandatory code might be enough to force Metcash to sign up "voluntarily".
CAN'T WE ALL GET ALONG?
Treating your suppliers badly to get cheap prices is the easy way to get cheap prices, but not the only way. Aldi is renowned for having excellent supplier relationships and very low prices, and its market share rose from 7 per cent in 2014-15 to 9 per cent in 2017-18. It goes to show both sides can be happy if you're willing to do things differently.
The question is whether Metcash can do things differently, or if it is stuck in the mud. With Kaufland arriving soon and Costco expanding, competition in the Australian grocery sector is only getting more intense. For IGA to go on and thrive, Metcash and IGA need to shake things up, urgently.
Jason Murphy is an economist, and writes the blog Thomas the Think Engine.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street was incredibly emotional tonight as Johnny Connor suffered an awful fall, just after coming clean about his Multiple Sclerosis (MS) to his daughter Kate.
The ITV soap character has just been diagnosed with the condition which affects mobility, co-ordination and thinking.
And he's pushed his fiancee Jenny away, dumping her, claiming he doesn't love her anymore.
Knowing there's more to it, Kate confronted her dad over his secretive ways and demanded to know what's going on.
(Photo: ITV)
Explaining how past events now made sense since his diagnosis, he told her: "The night your mum died, I didn't see the car coming. It came from the right and I didn't see it.
"Doctors asked me if I had any vision problems; optic neuritis - one of the first signs.
"I won't destroy another woman.
"I don't want Jenny to be my carer.
"She deserves more than pushing me around Freshco's in a wheelchair."
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
But, when Kate said she couldn't keep this tragic news from the rest of the family, Johnny got annoyed and told her to get out.
However, immediately after she left, Johnny tripped and fell over hitting his head on the coffee table and collapsing unconscious.
Having pushed everyone around him away, will Johnny be found safe?
*Coronation Street continues on ITV1 at 7.30pm on Friday
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A children's play barn devastated by fire in mid-April has not re-opened - and may not do so for a year.
The Funky Funhouse building in Mercers Row, Cambridge was raided by burglars and was then set alight, police say.
Fire engines from Cambridge and seven other stations were called to the blaze, which happened just before 11pm on Good Friday, April 14.
But they could not prevent extensive damage to the two-storey property off Newmarket Road.
Play equipment was melted, the ceiling collapsed, and there was widespread smoke damage.
Now the News can reveal that work may soon be under way to renovate the building - but it could take a year to complete.
Cambridge property company Dernford owns a long leasehold on the premises, and the firm is working hard to get the building repaired and up and running again.
Simon Dazeley, head of Dernford, said: "We have put in a planning application for the external works that go with the repair, and we're hoping that will be determined soon.
"There's been a lot of damage and what we have to do is strip out the building so we can see the steelwork underneath and assess what needs to be done."
Mr Dazeley said it was hoped the tenants, Partyman, who run Funky Funhouse, would re-open the business.
But he added it may not be until next summer before the building is habitable again.
Aaron Othman, one of the company directors of Partyman, which runs Funky Funhouse, told the News after the blaze that nothing could be salvaged and repairs could cost up to £1million.
The arsonists had broken into tills and tried to open a safe, and after taking some money, set fires in several locations.
The blaze ruined plans to open a children's nursery in the building, which the company took over about a year and a half ago.
It is not known if there are plans to reopen Funky Funhouse in the same venue or relocate.
© Shutterstock
What is "handedness" anyway?
What does "right-handed" really mean?
Right/left asymmetry is actually common
© Noj Han/flickr
A single gene for handedness?
Other species?
© Wikimedia
Let's experiment
Why the bias in humans?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
RFL rugby director Kevin Sinfield insists Sam Tomkins and any other player omitted from England's training squad can force their way into contention for June's Denver test with New Zealand.
Wigan full-back Tomkins was the highest profile omission from the Elite Performance Squads named at the beginning of the year, who met for the first time this season in Manchester last night.
Tomkins has been in sparkling form for the Warriors since and Sinfield said: “We've made it clear from day one that the door is always open.
“We saw Alex Walmsley not picked in the first squad last year and then be selected for the mid-season test against Samoa.
“I would love for some of those guys who felt they were ignored last time to continue to put their hand up to play and get through that door.”
(Image: Action Images)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
England coach Wayne Bennett will name a 19-man squad for Denver on June 11, ahead of the ground-breaking clash with the Kiwis at Mile High Stadium on June 23.
Bennett has yet to name a replacement for out-going assistant coach Denis Betts, and Sinfield says he will use his current backroom staff for the Denver game before reassessing.
The former Leeds Rhinos captain also highlighted the importance of regular mid-season get-togethers for the senior and England Knights squads.
Sinfield added: “These meetings are all about what it means to wear the England badge, respecting it and understanding what it represents.
“We know we've got that in place from the 2017 World Cup campaign and having the England Knights players present as well allows them to experience that environment.
(Image: USA Today Sports)
“It provides an opportunity for them to mix and mingle - it can be uncomfortable to go into a room of people you might have played against before but never spoken to.
“I think these meetings are really important, and further down the track will help to build the friendships and trusts you need in all teams that do well.”
The players heard talks from England backroom staff members and former internationals Jamie Peacock, Paul Sculthorpe, Paul Wellens and Paul Anderson.
Head coach Bennett remained in Australia but has since been updated by Sinfield, who added: “He's fully across what we're doing.
“The big thing for him is watching games and monitoring players, but he's massively in favoured of getting the lads together and committing to the programme.”
MONTREAL - A Montreal-based law firm has launched legal action against Quebecor CEO Pierre Karl Peladeau for allegedly refusing to pay nearly $92,000 in legal fees.
The Quebec Superior Court lawsuit alleges the outstanding bill is for divorce proceedings involving Julie Snyder, Peladeau's ex-wife and a popular Quebec TV producer.
The law firm of Goldwater, Dube alleges the former Parti Quebecois leader said on June 5 he was refusing to pay the bill.
Goldwater, Dube alleges Peladeau, 55, revoked its mandate April 2.
The legal bill allegedly represents services provided between Feb. 26 and March 31 of this year.
Peladeau issued a statement Wednesday to say he was surprised by lawyer Anne-Marie Goldwater's decision to take the matter to court. He also said he believes the payments being sought are disproportionate to the work that was done.
None of the allegations have been proven in court.
The lawsuit was filed Monday.
Peladeau resigned as PQ leader in May 2016 and rejoined Quebecor (TSX:QBR.B) as CEO last February.
Peladeau and Snyder, 49, announced their separation in January 2016, less than six months after a lavish wedding in Quebec City that drew a long list of Quebec cultural and political celebrities.
Emma Stone has signed a $10 million deal with Louis Vuitton.
The 'Battle of the Sexes' actress will become the new face of the French fashion brand for the next two years after agreeing to the lucrative deal.
A source told Page Six TV: "LVMH has been pursuing Emma for nearly a year, she was initially reluctant, but now she has agreed to be the face of the brand for two years for a figure between $6 and $10 million."
The company reportedly also approached Emma's 'La La Land' co-star Ryan Gosling but "Ryan repeatedly turned Louis Vuitton down because he doesn't do endorsement deals".
Meanwhile, Emma - who stars as tennis icon Billie Jean King in 'Battle of the Sexes' about King's famous match against male player Bobby Riggs in 1973 - recently revealed relished getting herself into tip-top physical condition to take on the part.
Asked how she went about bulking up for the role, she said: "A lot of weightlifting, a lot of protein shakes. I never did it before and I loved it."
Emma, 28, admitted she initially struggled to cope with the physical demands of adding the extra muscle.
But, over time, the actress got used to her workout regime and she eventually started to enjoy the challenge.
She said': "For the first three weeks, you hate your life, and I know a lot of people hate exercising. I did. And then after three weeks when you're, 'I can lift this? I can do this?' It just becomes addictive.
"It's just really incredible to feel strong. It feels so good."
The late Princess Diana's youngest son, Prince Harry, opened up to The Telegraph about going to therapy decades after losing his mother as a boy. "I can safely say that losing my mum at the age of 12, and therefore shutting down all of my emotions for the last 20 years, has had a quite serious effect on not only my personal life but my work as well," Harry said.
Princess Diana died in a car crash in 1997. In the years that followed, Harry went to war in Afghanistan but by his late 20s, he felt a "fight or flight" sensation during royal engagements and was struggling with anger issues where he felt "on the verge of punching someone."
"[I] started to have a few conversations and actually all of a sudden, all of this grief that I have never processed started to come to the forefront and I was like, there is actually a lot of stuff here that I need to deal with," Harry told The Telegraph's Bryony Gordon, who runs a podcast about her own struggles with obsessive-compulsive disorder called Mad World: Why It's Totally Normal to Feel Weird.
Harry, 32, said he is now in a "good place" after his older brother, Prince William, helped encourage him to get professional help. "I've done that a couple of times, more than a couple of times, but it's great," he said of seeing a therapist. Harry, alongside his brother William and sister-in-law, Kate Middleton, founded a mental health charity called Heads Together in 2016, which helps to fight mental health stigmas.
Harry added: "I have probably been very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions, when all sorts of grief and sort of lies and misconceptions and everything are coming to you from every angle ... The experience I have had is that once you start talking about it, you realize that actually you're part of quite a big club." Read his full interview at The Telegraph here. Jeva Lange
“Our receivers are so good,” he said. “It is really easy to get them the ball. Our running game and offensive line really helped, too. If we can pick the run game up going forward like we did tonight, I think we'll do pretty good offensively.”
0:42 Mark Cuban on Donald Trump at third debate Pause
0:12 Watch Mavericks Owner Mark Cuban Drain 2 Corner 3 Pointers Before Warriors Game
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
0:10 Vehicle used by suspects in armed robberies
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
0:08 Suspect in armed robberies
1:39 Cliburn auditions begin in London
1:48 Fort Worth Opera's 'JFK' takes the stage at Bass Hall
7:28 Arlington mayor rips opponents of Texas Rangers stadium in secret audio recording
New Delhi: Be it the batting or bowling, nothing worked out for England in the semi-final clash against Pakistan at ICC Champion Trophy, and it was just the same for their star all-rounder Ben Stokes who after failing to guide his side to a big total with the bat, also struggled in picking wickets.
Stokes, who will not be remembered for his performance on the pitch for this match, will surely be remembered for giving fans a moment to laugh about after going to use toilet during drinks break.
The sudden nature call did leave Twitterati in splits, witnessing a rather unexpected incident taking place.
10 minute ki tou stokes ki toilet break thi — Nabil (@condeshunzz) June 14, 2017
Last match mathews goes for toilet n pak got wkt today stokes goes for toilet n pak got wkt — Culpable Inocente (@OwAiSaKhTeR) June 14, 2017
After stokes going toilet,I think Butler also want to go #toilet..!#CT17 #ENGvPAK .. — Afroja Najnin Bithe (@AfrojaBithe) June 14, 2017
Don't English players pee on the pitch? Surprised that Stokes wanted to a toilet. — Thivi (@DArmChairCritic) June 14, 2017
Stokes Ko Junaid Ko dekh k Toilet lag gya #spellworks and goneee — Rafey (@rafeysays) June 14, 2017
Hahaha in this beautiful stadium Stokes is searching for toilet — Rafay Zia (@proximitybomb) June 14, 2017
Stokes went to toilet during drinks break! — Manoj (@Manojoffl) June 14, 2017
As far as the result of the match is concerned, Pakistan thrashed England by eight wickets in Cardiff to book their place in the Champions Trophy final.
They will now play the winners of Thursday`s second semi-final between India and Bangladesh at Edgbaston in Sunday`s final.
Set just 212 for victory, Pakistan finished on 215 for two, with Azhar Ali (76) and Fakhar Zaman (57) sharing an opening partnership of 118.
When Mohammad Hafeez pulled Stokes for four, Pakistan had won with a whopping 77 balls left in their innings.
But the real damage was done on the field as Pakistan held tournament hosts England, the only side who won all their three group games, to just 211 all out.
Hasan Ali took three for 35 in an innings where England didn`t manage a single six and none of their batsman made fifty after Pakistan captain Sarfraz Ahmed won the toss and sent them into bat on a used pitch.
A band of snow moving through the Chicago area has made the evening commute slow and slippery, especially in the north and northwest suburbs.The quick band reduced visibility on the roadways and left a blanket of snow across the area as it moved south. Snow began falling in downtown Chicago around 5:30 p.m. and is expected to last for several hours.The band will produce 1 to 2 inches of snow across the area, with heavier snowfall north and northwest and lighter snowfall when the band weakens as it moves south. It should be out of the Chicago area by 9 p.m., according to ABC7 Meteorologist Cheryl Scott.The snow came just in time for the evening commute. Lighter flakes fell near West Dundee around 5 p.m., impacting visibility. Electronic signage along I-90 warned drivers about wintry conditions and advised them to slow down.Temperatures were above freezing, but the snow was starting to stick to roadways and cause slick spots. Drivers should remain vigilant and expect a slower evening commute with more traffic.
© Getty Images / Nina Pearman
© Swedish Civil Contingencies Agency (MSB)
A Swedish animal protection group voiced unease over a government-issued civil defense manual which advised on everything - from fake news to bombing alarms - except one thing: what to do with your pet should a crisis occur.Some Swedes may have got jitters after the Swedish Civil Contingencies Agency (MSB) has delivered a comprehensive crisis preparation manual to almost every household, but the country's Animal Protection Society angrily slammed the release, saying it was incomplete and even dangerous.Johan Beck-Friis, Secretary General of the group and an official with the Swedish Veterinary Association, has said, according to SVT media outlet. "So this can be a danger," he added.The MSB rejected criticism, citing common sense considerations. Had the agency included detailed instructions on every possible topic, the booklet would not fit in 19 pages.MSB project manager Christina Andersson said, encouraging pet lovers to reach the volunteer organization Blue Star, with which the MSB collaborates.The brochure, entitled 'If Crisis or War Comes', went public earlier in May, making headlines in local press. "Although Sweden is safer than many other countries, there are still threats to our security and independence," it said in the preface.It also lists "everything from serious accidents, extreme weather and IT attacks to, in the worst-case scenario, war" and contains information "important in light of the deterioration in the security situation in the rest of the world."Sweden initially published and distributed the 'If War Comes' booklet during the World War II and decades after, at the height of the Cold War. The MSB has issued a revised version during the country's Emergency Preparedness Week from May 28 to June 3.The online version of the booklet, which comes in 13 languages, can be found on a website designed for concerned citizens and those who cares about "development and planning of Sweden's total defense."
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, S.C. -- The Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office said a 19-year-old woman, who said her 11-month-old daughter was abducted Tuesday, admitted she made up the story.
The child, who was at the center of an Amber Alert, was later found dead near her home.
An autopsy of the child has been completed, but results are unavailable as of Wednesday afternoon.
Breanna Lewis, submitted photo.
WCNC
Earlier in the day, the girl's mother, later identified as Breanna Lewis, told the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office she was walking to her mailbox carrying the child, Harlee Lewis, when a man in an SUV pulled up, jumped out of his vehicle, attacked her, took her daughter and fled the scene.
Deputies at the scene conducted a search around the area and found the little girl's body hidden inside a diaper box about 1,000 yards from the family's home.
Lewis was later identified as the primary suspect in this case and deputies arrested her on Tuesday evening. She is charged with filing a false police report, and improper disposal of human remains and remains in custody at the Chesterfield County Detention Center.
The sheriff says more charges are still possible.
Breanna Lewis had described the suspect as a tall, lanky white man wearing a hat, coat and a single black glove.
FBI and SLED are assisting with the investigations.
Stick with WCNC.com for the latest on this developing story.
© 2018 WCNC
Chinese citizens have a very balanced view of the standoff between North Korea and the United States.China's official policy on North Korea is widely known. Beijing argues for North Korea to cease its weapons tests and argues for the US and its allies to cease testing weapons and conducting military drills in and around South Korea. Furthermore, China like Russia, is calling for direct talks between Washington and Pyongyang.But what do ordinary Chinese think?The group Asian Boss went to the streets of Beijing to ask mainly young but highly informed Chinese men and women what they thought about North Korea.Most remarked that the economy and military power of North Korea is embarrassingly behind both China and the US but that the US is also at fault for provoking North Korea. None of the people interviewed were particularly sympathetic to North Korea and its style of government, although most also felt that the possibility of war was a long way off.Now watch Chinese men and women explain their views in their own words.
© Ian Hodgson / Reuters
Armed police in biohazard suits swarmed the Israeli embassy in London during a training exercise for a chemical terrorism attack.The drill, which was the first of its kind to take place in a foreign embassy in the capital, saw decontamination tents erected in a section of the building that was cordoned off on Sunday. Paramedics in biohazard suits treated 50 'casualties' played by Royal Military Police personnel, who were put through decontamination showers.Officials say the drill was planned well in advance, however, and was unconnected to protests around the world in the wake of US President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.Trump's move is controversial since the city is a holy site for a number of religions. It is home to the Al-Aqsa Mosque, the third-holiest site in Islam, and is looked to as the capital of a future Palestinian state. The US president has been accused of squandering years of diplomatic peace efforts between the Israelis and Palestinians.A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police, which coordinated Sunday's exercise, said all of the emergency services were involved, including London Fire Brigade and the London Ambulance Service. "It was an exercise involving the emergency services, and the reason they do it is to see how they can link up in such events, and if there is anything that can be improved in the future," the spokesman said, according to The Guardian.He added that the snowy, wet weather conditions "added another dynamic" to the exercise, and said that there were no plans for further events of the kind in the near future.["It] was the first time we have been able to carry out a live exercise inside a foreign embassy and the experience and learning gained from this will be invaluable," Commander Adrian Usher, who heads the Met's parliamentary and diplomatic protection command, told the newspaper."It also tested our joint response in dealing with a hazardous substance, which is important as it will help officers and staff be better prepared should we ever face this type of challenge for real. I must stress that the exercise, which has been planned over several months, was not designed with any specific threat in mind either in terms of the hazardous material element or the location," Usher added.The Embassy of Israel said it was happy to take part in the exercise and to work together with the Metropolitan Police and emergency services.
In his own way, Travis Konecny makes an impact in Flyers' win
In his own way, Travis Konecny makes an impact in Flyers' win Mar 18
Sam Carchidi became an Inquirer staff writer in 1984 and covered mostly South Jersey high school sports and the Phillies before taking the Flyers beat. Carchidi has written three books: the nationally acclaimed Miracle in the Making: The Adam Taliaferro Story, which he co-authored with Scott Brown; Bill Campbell: The Voice of Philadelphia Sports ; and Standing Tall: The Kevin Everett Story , which was featured on the Oprah Winfrey Show. He also contributed to a 1993 Inquirer book on the Phillies. A lifelong South Jersey resident, Carchidi lives in Wenonah with his wife, JoAnn, and their two children, Sara and Sammy.
Recently acquired Flyers goalie Petr Mrazek had some up-and-down seasons with the Red Wings, and he was disappointed to be just their No. 2 guy earlier this season.
That said, he will always be fond of Detroit because that is where his NHL career began.
Which is why Mrazek hopes to get the start Tuesday night when the Flyers (37-25-11) play in Detroit (26-35-11) for the first time since they acquired Mrazek on Feb. 19 for two conditional draft picks.
“I'm looking forward to it,” Mrazek said after playing solidly, except for a bad late goal, in the Flyers' impressive 6-3 win over Washington on Sunday. “We'll see who Coach is going to decide to go with, but if I'm going to be in, even better. I'm really excited for it.”
As in Detroit, Mrazek has been inconsistent in his brief time with the Flyers, going 5-5-1 with a 3.14 goals-against average and an .888 save percentage. Rookie Alex Lyon, who is coming off Saturday's 4-2 win in Carolina, is the other option for Tuesday's game, but coach Dave Hakstol is expected to go with the more experienced Mrazek.
When he was traded, Mrazek said he realized right away that the Flyers had one more game in Detroit.
“It's gonna be nice to get back, but when the game starts, it doesn't matter who is on the other side,” Mrazek said. “We are going there to get some good results, and we have to build from there.”
After losing seven of eight games, the Flyers regrouped nicely over the weekend, winning in Carolina and whipping Washington. They sit in third place in the Metropolitan Division with nine games left.
Next they face a reeling Detroit team that is out of the playoff picture and has lost 10 straight, during which it has been outscored, 41-19. The Red Wings have allowed four goals or more in eight of their last nine games.
“It's gonna be nice to be back in the town where I spent my first five or six years in the NHL, but now it's the opposite [side],” Mrazek said. “It's gonna be fun.”
After playing in the Motor City, the Flyers will host the New York Rangers, another team that will miss the playoffs, on Thursday. After that, they will go on a key three-game road trip to Pittsburgh, Dallas and Colorado.
Of the Flyers' nine remaining games (four home, five away), six will be against teams not currently in playoff spots.
“One game at a time,” right winger Wayne Simmonds said after scoring two goals in the victory over Washington. “You go small sample sizes and go one period at a time. We know we control our own destiny, so for us, it's just keep doing good things. Get pucks deep. I think the last two games, we've done a good job of getting pucks behind the other teams' D. We were pretty consistent with it and just kept going.”
If the season ended today, the Flyers would play Pittsburgh in the first round. But the standings are so tight that things can change quickly and often. The Flyers are four points behind first-place Washington and two points behind the second-place Penguins, and those teams have a game in hand on Philadelphia.
Columbus, New Jersey and, to a lesser extent, Florida is on the Flyers' heels.
“Everybody knows where we're at,” Hakstol said. “Everybody knows what's upcoming here in the next few weeks. Narrow the focus.”
Raffl sidelined
Winger Michael Raffl, injured in Sunday's game, will miss two weeks with an upper-body injury, general manager Ron Hextall said. Raffl played most of the last two games as the team's top-line left winger.
Travis Konecny probably will go back to the top line, and Jori Lehtera, Dale Weise, and Taylor Leier are candidates to replace Raffl (11 goals, plus-2).
Breakaways
The Flyers have a plus-3 goal differential, while Detroit is at minus-40. … The Flyers have 4-3 and 3-2 (overtime) wins against the Red Wings this season. … Detroit goalie Jared Coreau has lost three straight since being recalled from Grand Rapids to replace Mrazek. … Because Mrazek has already won five regular-season games with the Flyers, if Philadelphia makes the playoffs, the Red Wings will get a third-round pick this June – they received a conditional fourth-rounder in the deal – based on the trade's stipulations. If the Flyers go to the conference finals and Mrazek wins six playoff games, the third-rounder becomes a second-rounder. The 2019 conditional pick, a third-rounder, is sent to Detroit only if Mrazek re-signs with the Flyers as a restricted free agent after the season.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Her story is told with the honesty of photographs.
“This is me as a child,” begins Jodi Krah, 54. She holds a black-and-white photograph of a girl, herself at age 8, balancing in a T-position on white figure skates. She wears a long-sleeved bodysuit and mini-skirt, gloves and a hat trimmed with fur that frames a circle around her face.
“I was always a chubby kid,” she says.
Jodi grew up on a farm in Fonthill. The outdoors was her playground. She was always running around with friends, playing tag or hide and seek.
“We weren't allowed to be in the house,” she says. “We played outside.”
There were chores to do, and animals to feed. In the summer, she played baseball, and in the winter, skated.
“I was very active,” she says. “And I just happened to be a bigger kid.”
At school, kids teased her. Called her names. Once, a boy thought it would be funny to hand her a dog biscuit. At 10 years old, she went on her first diet. Her mother was concerned about her weight, and the grief it was causing her at school.
“I felt different, because I looked different,” says Jodi.
The next image she shows is a pencil sketch she created in high school. A self portrait. She is sitting behind a table, her eyes cast downwards. Her mother found it on her bedroom dresser. “It startled her,” says Jodi.
She tried diet programs, read books and even experimented with hypnosis. She lost weight, but always gained it back.
“You feel like it's you,” she says. “You didn't try hard enough. You don't have enough willpower. If you only exercised more, ate less and tried harder …”
It was a sentiment reinforced by her family doctor.
“I felt defeated,” she says.
When she enrolled at Brock University in fine arts, she painted a portrait of herself naked, sad and big. Classmates knew her as an outgoing, gregarious personality, not as the person she was on the inside. Sad. Unaccepted. And vulnerable.
When she finally presented her artwork to the class, it silenced the room.
“Why is everyone looking shocked?” she asked.
No one replied. Eventually, her teacher spoke: “It's the overwhelming sadness. They don't know what to say.”
She offers a final photo. “This is what I looked like, nine years ago,” she says. Jodi is at her heaviest, a Size 24. She is holding a birthday cake, a white apron is wrapped around her midsection.
She is about 100 pounds heavier than she is now.
In her lifetime, she has gained and lost hundreds of pounds and spent thousands of dollars on weight-loss strategies.
But what she most wants people to understand, is not how she eventually lost the pounds but the damage that can be caused from living under the weight of fat-shaming.
She participates on the science committee of the Canadian Obesity Network and is part of its public engagement initiative. She also offers her voice as a public speaker.
It's a passion shared by Dr. Arya Sharma, scientific director of the Canadian Obesity Network.
He doesn't mince words. “Obesity stigma is based on this notion that fat people are lazy,” he says. “They're not motivated. They're not trying to lose weight.
“And so it's their problem. They're doing it to themselves. Obesity is self-inflicted. It's your fault. It's something to be ashamed of. And when you get it, you've got no one to blame but yourself.”
Shame and blame can be debilitating.
It causes anxiety and stress. Destroys resilience. And it drains motivation to go out into the world and enjoy life. People live in fear of judgment, he says.
And it doesn't work. It changes nothing.
“If feeling bad about yourself was a good motivator to change, then we wouldn't have obesity,” he says.
“It's not possible to make them feel worse.
“They're already feeling bad. They're already depressed. They're already angry at themselves. They already feel like failures. They already feel that they've done this to themselves.”
What's needed is education, he says.
Obesity is not a number on the scale. It's not a percentage calculation of body fat. It is simply this: an excess of body fat that affects a person's health, says Sharma, who is also a professor of medicine and chair in obesity research and management at University of Alberta.
In Canada, one in four adults and one in 10 children live with obesity. That's about six million Canadians, according to the obesity network.
Exactly why a person has excessive body fat is complicated. “There's an endless list of factors,” he says. To peg it solely on how much a person eats and exercises, is to over simplify and play into an uninformed stereotype, he says.
Genetics is a big influence. “The genetics that determines our body weight is as strong as the genetics that determines our height,” he says.
Genetics can make people more or less susceptible to weight gain, he says. That's why a group of people could consume exactly the same number of calories, exactly the same diet, and some will gain weight and some will lose weight.
In fact, it can take surprisingly few extra calories — say 30 calories a day of a recommended 2,000 — to gain a pound or two a year, he says.
Add stress, sleep problems, a genetic predisposition to weight gain, insulin resistance, previous attempts at weight loss, and the complexities of obesity become more clear, he says.
In simple terms, he reminds people this: “The human body is physiology.”
It can learn to run on less fuel. If given fewer calories, the human body will quickly adapt and run more efficiently, not shed pounds.
“Your physiology is designed to defend your body fat,” he says. “Your body doesn't really care how you got to 200 pounds. Once you're 200 pounds, 200 pounds is the weight that your body defends.
“It doesn't matter what exercises you do. It doesn't matter what diet you go on. Any time your body weight falls below 200, your body is working very hard to get it back to 200.
“Which is why every diet ultimately fails.”
There are many benefits to exercise and physical activity. Just don't confuse physical fitness, with weight loss. It's possible to be both fat and fit.
“There's no question that physical activity and exercise will improve physical fitness. It's important for good health,” he says. “The problem is, it does very little for body weight regulation.”
Along with greater education, fat-shaming needs to end, he says.
Earlier this year, the Canadian Obesity Network embarked on a campaign that drew attention to the abundance of unflattering media images used to portray people who live with obesity.
“You're not going to see the person who is wearing an Armani suit,” says Sharma. “What you're going to see is the overweight person in the ill-fitting sweatpants and the T-shirt that's too short, but you just see the mid-line poking out,” he says.
The fat person usually has a pop can in one hand, a hamburger in the other, often with their head cut out of the photo, to accentuate the belly, he says.
Implicit in the images is moral judgment and blame.
“We've got this level of discrimination that goes through the whole system,” he says. “And it's all based on a misunderstanding of obesity.”
Cclock@postmedia.com
Where to turn
Canadian Obesity Network. For more information on fat-shaming and obesity, visit www.obesitynetwork.ca
Contact Jodi Krah: Interested in hearing Jodi speak? Contact her at krah@obesitynetwork.ca
Andrew Rannells is taking you behind the scenes today as he preps for the Tony Awards on Sunday. Tune in on our Instagram Stories at 2 p.m. EST. (📷: Rudy Martinez)
Halo Site Donor 2016
Join Date: May 2002 Location: New Orleans, LA Posts: 16,006 Blog Entries: 45
Pelicans 2017-18 Schedule: Top Games, Championship Odds and Record Predictions After missing the playoffs the last two seasons, the
The squad enters the year with one of the top frontcourts in the
With an entire offseason to grow acclimated to one another, this duo could become lethal in the upcoming season. Adding Rajon Rondo to the equation could help guide New Orleans back to the postseason.
Between now and then, the Pelicans will have to slog through a long season with plenty of tough opponents on the schedule. The question is whether this group has the depth to survive.
2017-18 Details
Season Opener: Oct. 18 at Memphis
Championship Odds: 150-1 (via
Full Schedule:
Top Matchups
Sacramento Kings: Oct. 26, Dec. 8, Jan. 30, Mar. 7
Cousins spent almost seven seasons with the Sacramento Kings, dealing with trade rumors for years before the team eventually dealt to the Pelicans in what he called "a coward move," per
In his lone game against his former squad last season, he seemed intent on revenge. The center tallied 37 points on 12-of-21 shooting, 13 rebounds and three steals in a 28-point win.
The Pelicans can't expect that type of production from Cousins on a nightly basis, but with the big man heading into a contract year, he'll want to replicate that output whenever possible.
Meanwhile, Buddy Hield will likely have a similar motivation against the Pelicans, as they drafted him but traded him away in his first season.
Although this matchup won't necessarily register on a national scale, there are plenty of storylines at play.
Memphis Grizzlies: Oct. 18, Jan. 10, Jan. 20, Apr. 4
The Western Conference is loaded going into next season. If the Pelicans are going to make the playoffs, they will have to win a number of tough games.
The Southwest Division features two legitimate title contenders in the
While the Memphis Grizzlies have made the playoffs for seven straight seasons, they are far more vulnerable than the other teams in the division. Earning wins in this series could be a stepping stone for New Orleans toward a successful year.
If the Pelicans focus heavily on these games and take care of business against their weaker opponents, a playoff berth could be in their imminent future.
Record Prediction
The Pelicans should certainly improve heading into next season. Davis and Cousins playing together for a full year presents a matchup nightmare for every opponent on the schedule, and these two can win plenty of games on their own.
While Rondo has had an up-and-down career, he is still capable of making a positive impact and should help everyone on the floor get better. With Jrue Holiday and others returning to the lineup, this team will threaten for its second playoff appearance in the last seven years.
Unfortunately, there seems to be simply too much competition in the Western Conference to finish among the top eight spots.
New Orleans finished 10th in the standings last year, and most of the other West franchise took bigger leaps in the offseason. The Rockets and Thunder made big trades to turn themselves into contenders, while non-playoff teams like the
With an inconsistent backcourt, the Pelicans will flirt with the No. 8 seed, but they are unlikely to finish above .500.
Prediction: 39-43
Read more
More... After missing the playoffs the last two seasons, the New Orleans Pelicans are hoping for a turnaround in 2017-18.The squad enters the year with one of the top frontcourts in the NBA led by Anthony Davis and DeMarcus Cousins . Davis is coming off the best season of his career with averages of 28.0 points, 11.8 rebounds and 2.2 blocks per game, while Cousins averaged 27.0 points and 11.0 rebounds between two teams.With an entire offseason to grow acclimated to one another, this duo could become lethal in the upcoming season. Adding Rajon Rondo to the equation could help guide New Orleans back to the postseason.Between now and then, the Pelicans will have to slog through a long season with plenty of tough opponents on the schedule. The question is whether this group has the depth to survive.Season Opener: Oct. 18 at MemphisChampionship Odds: 150-1 (via OddsShark Full Schedule: NBA.com Oct. 26, Dec. 8, Jan. 30, Mar. 7Cousins spent almost seven seasons with the Sacramento Kings, dealing with trade rumors for years before the team eventually dealt to the Pelicans in what he called "a coward move," per Marc J. Spears of The Undefeated.In his lone game against his former squad last season, he seemed intent on revenge. The center tallied 37 points on 12-of-21 shooting, 13 rebounds and three steals in a 28-point win.The Pelicans can't expect that type of production from Cousins on a nightly basis, but with the big man heading into a contract year, he'll want to replicate that output whenever possible.Meanwhile, Buddy Hield will likely have a similar motivation against the Pelicans, as they drafted him but traded him away in his first season.Although this matchup won't necessarily register on a national scale, there are plenty of storylines at play.Oct. 18, Jan. 10, Jan. 20, Apr. 4The Western Conference is loaded going into next season. If the Pelicans are going to make the playoffs, they will have to win a number of tough games.The Southwest Division features two legitimate title contenders in the Houston Rockets and San Antonio Spurs , and winning any games against these squads will be a serious challenge. As such, New Orleans should set its sights on a more reasonable goal for the upcoming year.While the Memphis Grizzlies have made the playoffs for seven straight seasons, they are far more vulnerable than the other teams in the division. Earning wins in this series could be a stepping stone for New Orleans toward a successful year.If the Pelicans focus heavily on these games and take care of business against their weaker opponents, a playoff berth could be in their imminent future.The Pelicans should certainly improve heading into next season. Davis and Cousins playing together for a full year presents a matchup nightmare for every opponent on the schedule, and these two can win plenty of games on their own.While Rondo has had an up-and-down career, he is still capable of making a positive impact and should help everyone on the floor get better. With Jrue Holiday and others returning to the lineup, this team will threaten for its second playoff appearance in the last seven years.Unfortunately, there seems to be simply too much competition in the Western Conference to finish among the top eight spots.New Orleans finished 10th in the standings last year, and most of the other West franchise took bigger leaps in the offseason. The Rockets and Thunder made big trades to turn themselves into contenders, while non-playoff teams like the Nuggets and Timberwolves brought in significant additions as well.With an inconsistent backcourt, the Pelicans will flirt with the No. 8 seed, but they are unlikely to finish above .500.39-43Read more New Orleans Pelicans news on BleacherReport.com
Get twice-weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alternative indie band Alt-J are coming to The O2 Arena as part of the venue's tenth birthday celebrations.
The Mercury Prize and Ivor Novello Award winning British band have just released their third album Relaxer . Their first two albums, An Awesome Wave (2012) and This Is All Yours (2014) sold over two million copies with songs that have been streamed over a billion times.
They will be performing at The O2 on Friday, June 16.
Tickets
There are still some tickets left for the show priced at £30 each. Anyone under the age of 15 must be accompanied by someone 18 or over, and you must be able to prove you are 16 or over to enter the floor standing area.
Doors open at 6.30pm.
The New Album
Relaxer was released on Thursday, June 2. This means that even the most dedicated Alt-J fans might not be quite up to speed on the new songs by the time of the gig, but the album certainly won't disappoint. Weird and wonderful as ever, the band are breaking away from their previous stripped back style with some of their tracks featuring a 30-piece strong section.
NME gave Relaxer four stars, describing the effort as “a weird pop juggernaut with a sinister side”, while the Guardian's three-star review said it was “a short yet extravagant blow-out, a Heston Blumenthal banquet of an album” and Rolling Stone (again three star) said the band “create a dark beauty that's like moonlight on an English moor”. So that clears that up, then.
The Support Act
Named after a town in Wales that's famous for its ironworks and Big Pit National Coal Museum, Blaenavon is actually made up of three young guys from Hampshire who released their debut single Into The Night before they had sat their A-Levels. Their debut album, That's Your Lot, was released in April and given three stars by NME who said the record “hints at great things to come”.
The Tour
Alt-J's latest tour will take in the UK, Europe, Mexico and north America, as well as the festival circuit around the world, with performances at Glastonbury, Croatia's INmusic Festival, NOS Alive in Portugal, Iowa's Hinterland Festival and even the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland.
The tour kicks off with their performance at The O2 before finishing in New Zealand on Thursday, December 14.
Follow The Wharf on Twitter and Instagram @thewharfnews
Keep up to date with all our articles on Facebook
Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Ltd, as a part of it's CSR endeavours, inaugurated two projects in Govt. Senior Secondary School Kherki Dhaula, here today. Suzuki Motorcycle India undertakes CSR in the fields of environment, health and education, working extensively with local communities towards welfare of neighbouring villagers and schools under CSR. More than 1700 students and teachers will be beneficiaries of these projects.
The projects were inaugurated by Mr Yasuhide Kamo, Director, Suzuki Motorcycle India. A 10 KVA Solar Power Project was inaugurated, keeping in mind SMIPL's commitment to clean energy and mission sustainability. It will provide the electricity for 24 hrs for students. A health project was also inaugurated in the same school with separate sanity facilities for boys and girls unveiled.
In the past, Suzuki Motorcycle India has already installed a Refrigerated RO Water plant in this school, enabling students to avail purified water. The villagers and the community leaders appreciated SMIPL's contribution towards the overall welfare of the society at large.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by the Suzuki Motorcycle India's management, the school faculty, local villagers & school children. The villagers honoured the representatives of Suzuki Motorcycle India with the traditional tying of “Pagris”; and expressed their thanks and gratitude for this CSR Initiative.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ferne McCann isn't engaged to boyfriend Arthur Collins yet but she's already thinking about their perfect wedding day.
The former TOWIE star is blissfully happy with her businessman beau and although he hasn't popped the question just yet, Ferne reckons their relationship is heading towards marriage.
“We've spoken about our wedding,” she said.
“We want to get married on a beach. I want it to be a party and a celebration,” she added to OK magazine , where she posed alongside Arthur in their first ever joint photoshoot.
(Photo: OK! Magazine)
Ferne, 26, went on to say she's also got her dream outfit all sorted - and even knows how she'll wear her hair on the big day.
“I want these long extensions, mermaid-style hair covering my boobs, with flowers in my hair and no shoes,” she explained.
“[Arthur] can wear shorts and a shirt undone, then we want an amazing DJ with bongos and a saxophonist. Lobster brioche buns - just so unconventional.”
“I want to be in the best shape of my life,” she added, “and I'd love to wear a backless wedding dress. I've been told I have a great back.”
(Photo: ferne/snapchat)
(Photo: fernemccann/Instagram)
(Photo: Channel 4)
Ferne and Arthur aren't living together yet but Ferne said they've set a date to take that big step, as they spend most nights with each other anyway.
“Moving in is definitely the next step. And I know that seems a bit rushed, but when you know, you know,” she said.
“Arthur is moving in the day after I get the keys!” she said, referring to her brand-new home.
“I get them May 5, he'll move in on May 6, so I just need 24 hours to settle in and put my stuff down.”
(Photo: WENN)
(Photo: FameFlynet)
Ferne and Arthur had been dating in the past before a brief split, during which time she filmed the E4 series Celebs Go Dating - although she didn't end up meeting anyone on the programme.
She told OK magazine that doing the show made her realise that Arthur was the one for her, while Arthur admitted he tried not to watch the programme as he didn't want to see Ferne meeting other men.
“I only watched it a few times, but I was a little bit [jealous], yes. I didn't watch too much of it because I didn't want to see her going on dates. I always planned on contacting her if she didn't find anyone on the show.”
(Photo: REX)
(Photo: OK!)
* Read the full story in this week's OK! magazine - out today
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kevin McCloud has explained why the safety systems failed in the Grenfell Tower fire and admitted we already had the technology to help prevent it.
The Grand Designs presenter believes the cladding used in the refurbishment changed the "nature of the building."
This meant that designs to protect residents and stop the flames from spreading did not work - leading to the horrific loss of lives.
The fire brigade and police have confirmed that there have been at least 12 fatalities after a huge blaze engulfed the 27-storey tower block overnight.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: Rex Features)
Speaking on Good Morning Britain, he said: "The fire advice given to residents was to stay put which is a policy based on the idea the building can be compartmentalised.
"The fire can be contained in the building. It's safer to keep people away from the fire. This building had these compartments and was designed as such.
"With the cladding of course that was a totally new intervention. That changed the structure and nature of the building. we don't know if the cladding itself was primarily responsible.
"It had materials that are fireproof are tested of course, but in this case it reached such fantastic temperatures so quickly that the flame did spread extremely quickly across the building.
"The temperatures of course are massive. It's far too early, its down to the fire experts to decide."
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: Rex Features)
Kevin admitted "we have the technology" but not the money to implement appropriate sprinkler systems in tower blocks.
He also claimed the refurbishment "wasn't a cheap job" and was made by some of the finest builders and designers.
When asked if the fire was preventable, he said: "Yes, particularly since there are sprinkler systems now that are misting systems that don't rely on mains pressure.
"They don't damage the contents of buildings as they create a blanket of mirror mist. They starve the fire of oxygen.
"We have the technology but it all costs money."
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: PA)
Kevin also suggested that safety aspects weren't fully addressed ahead of the fire during an interview on Wednesday.
The Grand Designs presenter believes the cladding material that was used on the west London tower block was "clearly quite dangerous".
At this early stage the colourful plastic cladding, which was recently placed on the building as part of a major refurbishment.
(Photo: Channel 4)
Speaking on Good Morning Britain yesterday, Kevin said: "I think there are two principle issues which seem to be emerging.
"One is yes the residents had already realised that the exit routes from the building were inadequate. There's only one point of exit for the entire building.
"They were all told that in the case of fire to stay in their flats - which seems bonkers.
(Photo: AFP)
"The other thing is the cladding, which we're beginning to point towards as the culprit and describing as a plastic based product, it seems very strange that it should have gone up so quickly.
"Every single building site in this country has to be approved and go through some extremely rigorous testing thats to do with longevity, structural performance and also fire resistance.
"To see a material in 50 minutes across an entire building take flame like this and allow the flame to move so quickly, well this material is quite dangerous and clearly doesn't perform."
(Photo: Rex Features)
The building expert said the retrospective fit of the cladding was not part of the original design and therefore "maybe the safety aspects weren't fully addressed".
He added: "When I woke up this morning I looked out to the north west and there was this great cloud of black - it was an astonishing sight.
"My first reaction on reading the news was this was a building made of timber or some industrial plant going up.
"To see a spread of flame move along a building so fast is that its a building full of highly flammable material or the building was built of materials that don't meet approval."
(Photo: SWNS.com)
Good Morning Britain viewers have been left shocked over footage of an elderly man trapped in the burning London tower block.
Piers Morgan and Susanna Reid admitted they felt "helpless" as they watched the partially blind man, who is reportedly in his 70s, for hours as they dedicate the entire show to the Grenfell Tower fire.
The fire brigade has confirmed there have been fatalities after a huge blaze engulfed the 27-storey tower block in west London overnight.
The man, who has been identified by relatives, is believed to have lived in the tower for 30 years and was seen praying at his window as he awaits help on the 11th floor.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: Rex Features)
Speaking over footage of the man, Susanna said: "He in his 70s, he's partially blind. He has lived in the Grenfell Tower for 30 years.
"Now we have seen him over the course of the last hour or so in contact with firefighters."
The presenters have been joined by fire investigator Dr Peter Mansi for the duration of the programme.
Giving his opinion he said: "This could be where the fire is progressing to the unburnt materials and of course they are doing everything they can to stop it progressing to his flat."
(Photo: ITV)
The elderly gentleman is reportedly still alive despite the black smoke getting a lot darker and thicker.
Speaking earlier on today, Piers Morgan said: "You feel just helpless. We've been watching this guy for hours.
"The firefighters are doing all they can, it goes without saying they're risking their lives, some of them may have lost their lives we don't know.
"We've been watching this guy for hours. Is there nothing else we can do to help him?"
Piers added: "I've got to say this smoke now is a lot thicker and blacker. It's been burning for six hours. you've got to really fear for anyone in those upper floors that was not able to get out."
(Photo: ITV)
The Good Morning Britain Twitter account tweeted: "The elderly gentleman is now praying at his window as he waits for emergency services to save him # GrenfellTowerFire"
Viewers have taken to Twitter to express their shock over the distressing scenes.
One viewer said: "Heartbreaking for everyone to watch....!"
Another added: "This poor man, please get him out"
A third said: "God bless him ! Please get him out ! So sad !"
The popularity of walnuts is growing among health-conscious consumers, but processing these nutrient-vitamin-rich nuts could use some tweaking. Agricultural Research Service (ARS) scientists have developed a method that uses infrared technology to improve commercial processing, particularly drying, to reduce energy costs and deliver high-quality products.
Walnut drying is expensive and energy intensive, according to ARS engineer Zhongli Pan in Albany, California. The current hot-air drying method takes more than 24 hours to dry walnuts and uses a significant amount of natural gas and electricity. Infrared—a form of intense light that's felt, but not seen—dries walnuts faster and is less expensive. It's a type of electromagnetic radiation—as are radio waves, ultraviolent radiation, X-rays and microwaves.
The new drying process, developed by Pan and his team at ARS's Western Regional Research Center, includes three new steps: Hulled, in-shell walnuts are separated into two groups with different moisture contents; then pre-dried with infrared heating; and followed with regular hot air drying.
In experiments, the new process saved up to 25 percent of the natural gas and electricity needed to dry walnuts, according to Pan. In addition, the infrared drying process quickly removed moisture from the surface and shell of walnuts, reducing total drying time by 35 percent.
Walnuts have a broad range of moisture contents and get wet after washing, according to Pan. Currently they are hot-air dried for the same amount of time. This can cause under-drying or over-drying.
When the moisture content is too high, it causes mold, so facilities tend to over-dry walnuts to make sure they are safe to eat, Pan stated. But over-drying wastes a lot of energy and reduces walnut quality. Infrared drying improves quality by reducing both over-drying and under-drying, allowing walnut meat to maintain color and an exceptional polyunsaturated fat content.
This new infrared drying method also may be practical for other types of nuts, such as pistachios, according to Pan.
Read more about this research in the August 2017 issue of AgResearch magazine.
For more information contact Sandra Avant, ARS Office of Communications.
The Agricultural Research Service is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's chief scientific in-house research agency. Daily, ARS focuses on solutions to agricultural problems affecting America. Each dollar invested in agricultural research results in $17 worth of economic impact.
RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll
RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver
0:16
Meet Jacqueline Fernandez As Jessica
Salman revealed this new poster and captioned it as, "Jessica: Raw power . #Race3 #Race3ThisEid @Asli_Jacqueline @SKFilmsOfficial @TipsOfficial." From the actor's tweet, it's quite evident that Jacqueline is going to kick some butt and leave us stunned with her never-seen before action sequences.
Clad in a black outfit and holding a gun in hand, the actress means some serious business here.
It's All Hard Work
We hear that Jacqueline took extensive training in Mixed Martial Arts for her role. Speaking about her training, her fitness trainer Kuldeep Sashi had earlier said, "Jacqueline is someone who has an athletic body type, so she does not require any special regime to tone up herself. However, as a requirement to her character, she is undergoing extensive MMA training, focusing towards kicking and punching. The action sequences that Jacqueline has to perform are very demanding. They require application of the right techniques. As she has never performed hand-to-hand combat or martial arts before, getting the style and techniques right is our only focus."
"There have been a lot of additions to Jacqueline's diet. She is consuming more calories these days owing to the extensive action sequences she has to deliver onscreen," he had further added.
Besides training in Mixed Martial Arts which includes Jiu Jitsu, boxing, kickboxing and Thai boxing, she also took up Electric Muscle Stimulation (EMS) sessions.
She Isn't Playing A Cop
The actress had earlier clarified, I do not play a cop in Race 3. That was just a speculation. My character and role...I don't think can be revealed till we see the film as Race 3 is that kind of film where everything is a suspense. But yeah, one thing is for sure - there will definitely be a lot more action for me to do in this film which I am very happy about."
Some Pole Dance Surprise
After giving us some sneak-peek of her pole-dancing skills in 'Chandralekha' song, the makers of Race 3 have also included a pole dance sequence in the film only for the leggy lass.
Remo shared, "Jacqueline is a very hardworking girl. It is amazing to see what she has accomplished with the pole dance form in such a short span of time. We have all seen glimpses of her pole dance skills hence we decided to include it in Race 3 and take it to the next level."
Mark The Date In Your Calendar Right Away
Directed by Remo D'Souza, Race 3 boosts of an ensemble cast featuring Salman Khan, Jacqueline Fernandez, Anil Kapoor, Bobby Deol, Daisy Shah and Saqib Saleem. The action thriller is slated to release on 15th June, 2018.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Date Taken: 12.09.2017 Date Posted: 12.12.2017 04:00 Category: Newscasts Audio ID: 50334 Filename: 1712/DOD_105165978.mp3 Length: 00:00:50 Year 2017 Genre Blues Location: IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Hometown: LOMPOC, CA, US
Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 High-Res. Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, MCAS Iwakuni Filipino American Society celebrates holidays with culture (Radio), by LCpl Jason Kolela, identified by DVIDS, must comply with the restrictions shown on https://www.dvidshub.net/about/copyright.
Samsung must have felt its ears were burning, with competitors left and right announcing solid-state drives with speeds and prices designed to outdo its 960 Pro and 960 Evo lines.
Well now Samsung has struck back by introducing a new series of 970 Pro and 970 Evo SSDs that once again set a new benchmark for lightning-fast storage.
The 970 Pro specifically reaches up to 3,500 MB/s and 2,700 MB/s sequential read and write speeds, respectively, which Samsung claims to be 30% faster than the last generation.
Meanwhile, 970 Evo is rated for the same 3,500 MB/s sequential read speeds, but sequentially writes at a slightly slower 2,500 MB/s. Still that's a more than 65% improvement compared to the 960 Pro.
Samsung has upgraded both of its NVMe SSDs with its latest 64-layer V-NAND and a newly designed Phoenix controller. The updated Pro and Evo lines also utilize Intelligent TurboWrite technology, which supports up to 78GB of buffer for faster write speeds.
Samsung promises its new 970 drives are as reliable as ever. On top of a five-year warranty, both the Pro and Evo line are backed up by an up to 1,200 terabytes write guarantee.
To help the SSDs survive through all those bytes, Samsung has built its latest storage units with a heat spreader and new nickel-coated controller to keep temperatures down, while Dynamic Thermal Guard technology will automatically monitor and maintain the SSDs at a safe operating temperature.
Prices for the Samsung 970 Pro and 970 Evo series are as follows:
Samsung 970 Pro 512GB – $329 (about £235, AU$430)
Samsung 970 Pro 1TB – $629 (about £450, AU$830)
Samsung 970 Evo 250GB – $119 (about £85, AU$160)
Samsung 970 Evo 500GB – $229 (about £164, AU$300)
Samsung 970 Evo 1TB – $449 (about £320, AU$590)
Samsung 970 Evo 2TB – $849 (about £610, AU$1,120)
Both SSDs will be available for purchase from May 7.
SINGAPORE - mm2 Asia and Singapore Press Holdings (SPH), through its wholly owned subsidiary SPH Invest will jointly operate AsiaOne, introducing more lifestyle and entertainment content to the 23-year-old online news site, the listed companies said in a joint statement on Tuesday (July 3).
mm2 and SPH Invest now hold 51 per cent and 49 per cent equity interest, respectively in AsiaOne Online, the operating joint venture company.
"We are incredibly excited to work with SPH on building up the AsiaOne brand across Asia. mm2 has always been observing, and experimenting with different initiatives in digital content production and distribution," said mm2 group's CEO Chang Long Jong.
"Our hope is to create engaging digital content, especially in video-based formats. Being mm2, we would also like to inject into AsiaOne our 'mm2 DNA' and create content that is centred upon lifestyle and entertainment.
"As consumers of digital content ourselves, my team and I are eager to serve the growing local and regional demand for relevant and interactive digital editorial and video content."
SPH deputy CEO Anthony Tan noted that AsiaOne was one of the first online news portals that rode on the Internet wave in the late 1990s.
We look forward to working with mm2 on its new phase of growth and expansion to grow its audience both locally and regionally," he said.
"With more lifestyle and entertainment content added to the news site, AsiaOne will have a broader appeal and wider reach. Coupled with the adoption of new technologies especially in the mobile space, the product will better serve our readers and advertisers."
Ms Suzie Wang will be helming AsiaOne Online as its new CEO, while also taking on the role of mm2's head, digital media group.
Prior to AsiaOne Online, she was vice-president of non-linear production and content distribution with Mediacorp.
Singapore-based AsiaOne was founded in 1995 by SPH. AsiaOne, since a relaunch in May 2017, now focuses on social news and trending topics that are being discussed in Singapore, Malaysia and the region.
NEW YORK (AP) - Russell Westbrook has been fined $10,000 and assessed a postgame technical foul for initiating a confrontation with Utah Jazz center Rudy Gobert on Monday.
The league made the announcement Tuesday.
Oklahoma City Thunder guard Russell Westbrook (0) reacts after collecting a foul in the first half during Game 4 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series against the Utah Jazz, Monday, April 23, 2018, in Salt Lake City. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer)
The Oklahoma City Thunder guard came onto the court as a substitution following a stoppage with 7:55 remaining in the fourth quarter of a 113-96 Game 4 loss to the Jazz. He intervened in an incident between Gobert and Oklahoma City backup point guard Raymond Felton.
Westbrook committed four fouls in the first half and finished with five. He had 23 points and 14 rebounds, but had just three assists and made 7 of 18 shots.
The Thunder trail the Jazz 3-1 and host Utah on Wednesday in an elimination game.
___
For more AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Publishers Weekly's U.S. list powered by NPD BookScan for the week ending Dec. 3.
HARDCOVER
FICTION
1. THE ROOSTER BAR, by John Grisham (Doubleday)
2. ORIGIN, by Dan Brown (Doubleday)
3. THE PEOPLE VS. ALEX CROSS, by James Patterson (Little, Brown)
4. THE MIDNIGHT LINE, by Lee Child (Delacorte)
5. PAST PERFECT, by Danielle Steel (Delacorte)
6. HARDCORE TWENTY-FOUR, by Janet Evanovich (Putnam)
Sign up for Newsday's Entertainment newsletter Get the latest on celebs, TV and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
7. TOM CLANCY: POWER AND EMPIRE, by Marc Cameron (Putnam)
8. END GAME, by David Baldacci (Grand Central)
9. ARTEMIS, by Andy Weir (Crown)
10. SLEEPING BEAUTIES, by Stephen King and Owen King (Scribner)
NONFICTION
1. THE PIONEER WOMAN COOKS: COME AND GET IT!, by Ree Drummond (Morrow)
2. LEONARDO DA VINCI, by Walter Isaacson (Simon & Schuster)
3. GRANT, by Ron Chernow (Penguin Press)
4. OBAMA, by Pete Souza (Little, Brown)
5. GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS 2018 (Guinness World Records)
6. KILLING ENGLAND, by Bill O'Reilly and Martin Dugard (Holt)
7. PROMISE ME, DAD, by Joe Biden (Flatiron)
8. TRIBE OF MENTORS, by Timothy Ferriss (HMH)
9. THE WISDOM OF SUNDAYS, by Oprah Winfrey (Flatiron)
10. CAPITAL GAINES, by Chip Gaines (W)
PAPERBACK
1. DARKER, by E.L. James (Vintage)
2. THE SUN AND HER FLOWERS, by Rupi Kaur (Andrews McMeel)
3. INSTANT POT MIRACLE (HMH)
4. INSTANT POT COOKBOOK, by Roy Fisher (CreateSpace)
5. COUNT TO TEN, by James Patterson and Ashwin Sanghi (Grand Central)
6. THE BLACK BOOK, by James Patterson and David Ellis (Grand Central)
7. IT (movie tie-in), by Stephen King (Scribner)
8. THE WOMAN IN CABIN 10, by Ruth Ware (Scout)
9. ALL THE LIGHT WE CANNOT SEE, by Anthony Doerr (Scribner)
10. LILAC GIRLS, by Martha Hall Kelly (Ballantine)
Census 2016 results released today show that the unemployment rate in Louth has dropped 7.1% since the 2011.
This is a larger drop than the national unemployment rate figure which showed a drop of 6.1% since the 2011 census.
It is important to note that the Louth unemployment rate in 2016 at 16.7% is higher than the national rate of 12.9%.
When the unemployment rate is broken down further, it can be seen that there has been a large drop in the male unemployment rate in Louth, dropping 10.1%, from 27.7% in 2011 to 17.6% in 2016.
17.6% is still higher than the national rate of 13.7% but the national rate dropped just 8.6%, suggesting perhaps that the male unemployment rate in Louth is dropping faster than the national rate.
When we look at the female unemployment rate in Louth, it has dropped 3.5% from 19% in 2011 to 15.5% in 2016.
The national rate fell just 3%, going from 15% to 12% but the national rate in 2016, is still lower than the rate in Louth at 15.5% versus 12%.
More to follow-on Census 2016 results.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is reported to be the first photo of the New York bomb suspect lying on the ground with his burned midriff exposed after his 'suicide belt detonated too early.
The image, used by the New York Post but which the Mirror has not independently verified, shows the man on the ground with his hands behind his back as police offers stand behind him.
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/news.
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @DailyMirror - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - real news in real time.
We're also on Facebook/dailymirror - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online.
New York explosion: Suicide bomber arrested after explosive vest detonates inside Port Authority bus terminal in 'terror attack'
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Seriously ill toddler Alfie Evans will face a new hospital scan before a ruling is made on whether to switch his life support off.
Mr Justice Hayden formally asked Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool for a new MRI scan this afternoon before he faced making what he described as a "life-and-death decision".
Tom Evans, 21, and Kate James, 20, have been fighting the children's hospital for months over the fate of their 20-month-old son who they want to take abroad to be re-assessed.
Alfie is in a "semi-vegetative state" and has a brain condition which doctors have not been able to diagnose and do not expect him to recover from.
The Alder Hey NHS Trust has argued that continuing life support is not in Alfie's best interests and say continuing to treat him is “unkind and inhumane”.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: Tom Evans/Kate James)
A decision at Liverpool Civil and Family Court will happen after the new scan takes place.
Yesterday, Mr Evans' broke down in tears as the court was told that further hospital treatment is "futile" as his child had suffered “catastrophic” brain damage.
Medic says that the child, born on May 9 2016, is in a "semi-vegetative state" and has a degenerative neurological condition doctors have not definitively diagnosed.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: PA)
Alfie's parents believe their son responds to them - but the court heard that any movements by the child are spontaneous seizures as a result of touching.
Speaking today, Mr Justice Hayden said: "I'm going to request there is an MRI. I've decided it's necessary to be able to make this enormous decision.”
Mr Michael Mylonas QC, who is representing Alder Hey, responded: “We will endeavour to have that done as soon as possible.”
The judge continued to speak of the gravity of the decision he is faced with making.
“I'm making a life-and-death decision.
“So is it unreasonable to want all the information you can possibly have when being asked to make that kind of decision?” he added.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Earlier, Mr Evans has said he was "scared" of a potential scan because of what happeend during Alfie's last one in August.
However, he accepted the judge's reasons for not wanting a scan.
He said: “We were sat down and were told Alfie was coming to the end of his life. I was told Alfie had nearly gone.
“The only reason I'm scared is because of what the doctors said to us. They don't give him the benefit of the doubt.
“I can't face the conversation with the doctors. It's heartbreaking to listen to the same things, but it's key for Alfie's sake we get an MRI.”
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
The exchange took place after a doctor told the judge there is "no hope" for the seriously ill child.
The consultant, who has treated Alfie at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool, told the High Court hearing the child was unresponsive, not conscious of his surroundings and could not be cured.
The consultant giving evidence during the second day of the hearing on Friday told the court: "When we see disease like this, this is one of the reasons people don't want to become paediatric neurologists because they are awful and it is not a word I choose lightly.
"There's no cure and no hope for a cure.
"This is one of the most difficult of all things, most difficult things for parents but also for professionals."
Michael Mylonas QC, representing Alder Hey, asked the witness about the medical team's conclusion that further life support should be stopped.
He said: "It is very easy to understand why the family are upset. They see that as withdrawing life for a child which will result in his death earlier than if ventilation continues?"
The medic responded: "Only if I'm convinced, and this is as close to 100% as I possibly can, to accept that there's no hope, so for me this and the concept of no hope of improvement or treatment is a line which I don't step over or don't come to very lightly.
"It is a big step for me to recognise and accept that there's no hope for recovery and there's no hope for a meaningful life with a reasonable quality.
(Image: PA)
"Then the next step is, 'Is this wrong?' We have to consider the best interests of the child before you consider anything else. In the first instance our duty is to consider the best interests of the child."
Mr Justice Anthony Hayden, hearing the case, asked the witness of his assessment of Alfie's level of consciousness.
He replied: "I don't think Alfie is aware. I don't think he's conscious."
Earlier the hearing was told it was understandable that Alfie's family could not be blamed for "leaving no stone unturned" in trying to get him treatment.
But a "cohort" of world experts had come to the same conclusions that his disease was incurable.
The hearing continues.
A quick glance at the top news of the day:
1. Budget benefits rural India, gives relief to middle class, backs businesses: Jaitley
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday defended the budgetary proposals and allocations made in the Union Budget 2018 and said he had tried to address the genuine concerns of all segments of the society, especially the salaried class and the poor. Read full report
2. Under-19 final: Manjot sparkles as India beat AUS to win a record 4th World Cup
Manjot Kalra scored a famous ton as India dispatched Australia by eight wickets to win the 2018 Under-19 World Cup at Bay Oval in Mount Maunganui, New Zealand on Saturday. Read full report
3. 'Fake' Rajput outfit has withdrawn protests against Padmaavat, claims Karni Sena
Amid reports that his outfit had withdrawn its ongoing protests against director Sanjay Leela Bhansali's controversial film 'Padmaavat', Shree Rajput Karni Sena chief Lokendra Singh Kalvi on Saturday said that his organisation will continue to protest against period drama. Read full report
4. ‘Exam Warriors', book written by PM Narendra Modi for students, launched
Union Minister for Human Resource Development Prakash Javadekar and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Saturday launched 'Exam Warriors' - a book written by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for students. Read full report
5. Babul Supriyo hits out at Shatrughan Sinha over his 'triple talaq' jibe on BJP
Union Minister Babul Supriyo on Saturday hit out at Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Shatrughan Sinha over the latter's "triple talaq" jibe on the party after its defeat in the Rajasthan bypolls. Read full report
The dad who had three daughters abused by Nassar tries to attack the doctor in court
A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom Friday after a judge rejected his request to confront the “demon” in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted him with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court. He later apologized, saying he had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was “no way” she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers.
“I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that,” the judge said.
Nonetheless, she added, it is “not acceptable that we combat assault with assault.”
“I cannot tolerate or condone vigilantism or any other type of action that basically comes down to an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth,” Cunningham said.
RELATED: U.S. gymnastics doctor faces another sentence, victims return to court
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on his work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing. It follows a hearing last week where Nassar, 54, was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and his home.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says she was assaulted during Nassar's decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 per cent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after he listened to two of his daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said her parents were “filled with regret” because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
RELATED: U.S. gymnastics doctor sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison
“I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't,” she told Nassar. “The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you.”
Her father then stepped up and asked the judge if she would grant him “five minutes in a locked room with this demon.” Cunningham declined and also turned down his request for “one minute.” That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to “use your words,” not violence.
“This is letting him have this power over us,” she said. “We cannot behave like this.”
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that he just snapped. He said he had not known what exactly his daughters were going to say about their abuse.
“I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking his head, no, like it didn't happen. … I'm embarrassed,” Margraves said of his conduct. “I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal.”
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defence and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison in this case.
Outside court, Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who travelled from France to speak, said she was surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
“It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable — the amount of pain that we've all gone through,” Vigogne said of Margraves' actions.
Sheriff Tom Reich said his officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said she had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks “unfortunate” and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is “really unfortunate” if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that his accusers' remarks “have pierced my soul.”
RELATED: Governor orders criminal probe of Texas gymnastics ranch
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the co-ordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said he was stepping down.
Nassar soon will be under three prison sentences. His first, 60 years in a federal prison, was ordered in December for child pornography crimes.
___
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
On Monday thousands of schools across the country were closed because of the snow.
Due to the continued icy weather several schools in and around the Warwick District and in the Rugby Borough have decided to remain closed today (Tuesdau)
Here is the list so far of the schools that will continue to be closed today due to the weather conditions.
The list may be updated if more schools announce closures this morning.
All Saints C.Of E. (VA) Primary School, Leek Wootton
Ashlawn School, Rugby
Bishops Tachbrook C.Of E. Primary School
Briar Hill Infant School
Budbrooke Primary School
Burton Green C of E Primary School
Cawston Grange Primary School
Coten End Primary School
Cubbington C.Of E. Primary School
Harbury C.Of E. Primary School
Kenilworth Nursery School
Kineton C.Of E. Primary School
Kineton High School
Kingsway Community Primary School
Lawrence Sheriff School
Lillington Nursery and Primary School
Milverton Primary School
North Leamington School
Our Lady & St. Teresa's Catholic Primary School
Ridgeway School
Round Oak School
Rugby Free Secondary School
Rugby High School
St. Joseph's Catholic Primary School, Leamington
St. Margaret's C.Of E. Junior School
St. Mary's Catholic Primary School, Henley in Arden
St. Paul's C.Of E. Primary School, Leamington
The Avon Valley School and Performing Arts College
The Dassett C.Of E. Primary School
The Priors School
Trinity Catholic School
Tysoe C.Of E. Primary School
Warwick Nursery School
Wellesbourne C.Of E. Primary School
Whitnash Nursery School
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One in ten women will be affected by postnatal depression within a year of giving birth.
That's a lot of women who, in that vulnerable and exhausting period after childbirth , will struggle with crushing lows and feelings of not being "worthy."
It's a number which new dad Kim Chen, from British Columbia, has tragic firsthand experience of.
It's been two months since police detectives knocked on Kim's door to give him the devastating news he'd been dreading.
His wife's body had been found in a nearby river, weeks after she disappeared shortly after giving birth to their son.
Florence was believed to be suffering from postnatal depression when she went missing, and was said to be seeking treatment at the time of her death.
(Image: Facebook)
Now, two months after the shattering news, Kim has penned a moving message to other mums who might be battling postpartum depression.
"It felt like half a year had passed since that day, but in fact it had only been two months.
"You are NOT a bad mother."
"For all the new moms experiencing low mood or anxiety, please seek help and talk about your feelings. You are NOT alone.
Kim also touched on struggling to breastfeed, which seems to have had an impact on his wife.
"Do not EVER feel bad or guilty about not being able to 'exclusively breastfeed', even though you may feel the pressure to do so based on posters in maternity wards, brochures in prenatal classes, and teachings at breastfeeding classes.
(Image: Facebook)
"Apparently the hospitals are designated 'baby-friendly' only if they promote exclusive-breastfeeding.
"I still remember reading a handout upon Flo's discharge from hospital with the line 'Breast Milk Should Be the Exclusive Food For the Baby for the First Six Months'.
"I also remember posters on the maternity unit 'Breast is Best'.
"While agreeing to the benefits of breast milk, there NEED to be an understanding that it is OK to supplement with formula, and that formula is a completely viable option. "
His words struck a chord with other mums.
"You feel less a mom when you try and try your best to breastfeed and it becomes so much of an issue that the guilt is debilitating when you wish to do it exclusively," one admitted.
(Image: Moment Open)
"I had my first child in 1958 and I just could not breastfeed," another mum revealed.
"After days being at home my husband said, 'please give up that idea and get some formula for the baby', and so I did and have never regretted it."
If you or someone you could be struggling with postnatal depression, please do seek help.
You can talk to your GP, midwife or health visitor. Additionally, PANDAS can help.
Their helpline is 0843 28 48 401 and is open from 8am - 7pm, seven days a week.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eminem has announced two huge London dates for this summer - and tickets go on sale today.
Following the release of his latest album 'Revival', the rap star is set to play Twickenham Stadium, in South West London on July 14 and 15. Usually home to English rugby, the stadium will instead thousands of Marshall Mathers fans fill the grounds to see their icon.
Tickets for this once in a lifetime gig will go on sale at 9am today (February 2) - and fans can get tickets to see Eminem here via Ticketmaster.
Eminem 2018 Tour Dates
Eminem last toured the UK in 2014 but played Reading and Leeds festival last year. But the Detroit native recently caused a stir on both sides of the pond with his comments about President Trump, referring to him as a 'racist grandpa', and 'disgusting and divisive' - much to the delight of hardcore fans.
How to ensure you nab tickets on the day
(Image: WireImage)
If the thought of battling your way through an endless virtual queue to secure your tickets brings you into a cold sweat, we're here to make it a little easier.
Take note of Ticketmaster 's top tips to help eager fans get their coveted tickets below.
A 39-year-old man was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol and child endangerment in a wrong-way crash on Lake Shore Drive that sent four people to the hospital.Roderick E. Smith, 39, of Oak Lawn, was traveling south in the northbound lanes around 6:45 a.m. Sunday when police said he struck another vehicle in the 4800-block of Lake Shore Drive in Chicago's Kenwood neighborhood.An 8-year-old boy was transported in critical condition to Comer Children's Hospital, where he stabilized. A 54-year-old man and a 28-year-old woman were transported to Northwestern Memorial Hospital in serious condition.A fourth person was transported in critical condition to Stroger Hospital. Police said Monday a mug shot for Smith was not available.He was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol and child endangerment, both misdemeanors. He was also cited for driving the wrong way on a one-way street, not wearing a seatbelt, driving without a license or permit and transporting or carrying alcohol.
Jessica Simpson's daughter is a graduate! The mogul's sassy five-year-old daughter, Maxi Drew, celebrated the end of her pre-school years today, and Simpson took to Instagram to document the milestone (and to shed a tear for how fast her little girl is growing up).
In the photo, Maxi Drew poses for her mom while wearing a cobalt blue cap and gown over her white graduation dress. "Spread your wings and prepare to fly for you have become a butterfly #kindergartenherewecome #MAXIDREW," Simpson captioned the Instagram post along with a crying emoji.
If those inspirational words sound familiar—you're right. Simpson actually quoted Mariah Carey's song "Butterfly." With Maxi Drew heading to Kindergarten, the choice of lyrics are very apropos.
RELATED: An Ode to Jessica Simpson's Now-Defunct Dessert Beauty
While it doesn't look like Maxi Drew is very excited for Kindergarten, the next Instagram Simpson shared shows just how ready she is. In the photo, Maxi is jumping in the air with a huge smile on her face. "Someone is excited for kindergarten! How do all you moms do it? I need help," she wrote alongside the shot.
Clearly mom and daughter have differing levels of excitement for Maxi Drew's next chapter. However, one thing Simpson can look forward to is summer vacay, which will allow her to have a bit more time with her preschooler before she heads off to big kid school.
"I joined for money and country," said Chief Warrant Officer 2 Christopher Grant, a food service advisor with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), an Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa."I needed to get established with a child on the way and the Army helped provide a foundation for my family," Grant added. Grant is currently deployed with the 316th ESC to Camp Arifjan, Kuwait, supporting the 1st Theater Sustainment Command mission of providing logistics support throughout the CENTCOM area of operations. (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.08.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082965 VIRIN: 161208-A-PF724-003 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 7.49 MB Location: CAMP ARIFJAN, KW Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The Iditarod sled dog race is in trouble.
That's the finding from a confidential report looking into the financial sustainability and leadership of the race's governing body. Iditarod officials are planning to implement a series of reforms later this year, but not until after the race wraps up in March.
The December report was put together by the Foraker Group, and was commissioned by the race's main corporate sponsors. The Iditarod Trail Committee has received waves of criticism the last few years over controversial new policies, loss of sponsors and a high-profile doping scandal many feels was mishandled.
The document was first reported on by blogger Craig Medred earlier this week.
In interviews with board members, staff, sponsors and mushers, along with a review of financial documents and policies, Foraker concludes the Iditarod's relationship with key stakeholders is severely damaged. It finds mushers don't have confidence in the ITC board. And that without internal reforms sponsors aren't likely to continue supporting the event.
That's a big threat to Alaska's premier sled dog race, because most of the Iditarod's revenues come from corporate sponsorship. The Foraker report notes that the annual event depends heavily on unpaid volunteer labor, and questions whether that model is financially sustainable.
The author also says the handling of the recent doping incident exacerbated mistrust of the board among mushers, and gave ammo to animal rights activists, who have long-criticized the event and pushed sponsors to drop support.
Through its public relations firm Iditarod officials declined a request for an interview.
But in four pages of comments sent to Alaska Public Media, ITC's board commits to making reforms that will make the race viable long-term.
The document is an extensive list of policy changes they are planning.
Some are quite general, such as improving communication with sponsors and mushers.
Others are extremely specific, like finding a plan to replace board members with clear conflicts of interest before this summer and annual review of race rules.
Jamie Dornan shows a lot of skin in the Fifty Shades franchise, including the upcoming final film Fifty Shades Freed, but he doesn't bare all during those steamy sex scenes. In fact, he's wearing exactly one article of clothing when they get hot and heavy.
“I wear like a wee-bag. Well, that's an expression I say from where I'm from, a wee-bag. But it doesn't mean it's actually wee in size. I wear like quite a big bag!” he joked on Wednesday night's Jimmy Kimmel Live!.
Moviestore/REX/Shutterstock
Unfortunately, though, he doesn't have his own that he can use. “I mean I'd love to get to the stage where you have your own one that you carry around,” he said.
Instead, the studio provides one for him, but it's not brand new. “There was a selection of them for me and I picked one,” he explained. “I sort of picked one that I liked the look of and the shape of and then I picked it up and in the seam it said, ‘Inmate No. 3.' It was like sewed into it. I was like, ‘S—, this has been used before?'”
Despite being grossed out, Dornan dutifully put it on for his many sex scenes with Dakota Johnson. But despite their steamy on-screen relationship, they have a very different vibe in real life.
RELATED: Jamie Dornan Shows Off a New Talent in the Next Fifty Shades Movie
"This is going to sound bad, but it's almost like brother-sister. Because I am married and [Dakota's] had quite a lot of relationships in the time that we've known each other, so that's happening in our own lives. You just have this sort of mutual love and respect for each other. I feel we know each other so well—intimately,” Dornan explained.
Watch the hilarious video at top for his uncomfortable story about watching Fifty Shades Freed for the first time with a security guard. You're in for a treat.
Commentary: The New Mexico State University Board of Regents will soon begin a series of public forums as the group begins its search for the university's next chancellor. During the board's meeting Thursday evening, Regent Mike Cheney was appointed to chair the search process. Cheney chaired the Board of Regents during the last search five years ago when Garrey Carruthers was named chancellor. Regents noted the importance of keeping the campus and the communities served by NMSU informed during the process.
“Selection of the next chancellor of NMSU is the most important job our Board of Regents will perform,” said Debra Hicks, chair of the NMSU Board of Regents. “In this early stage, we have received valuable input from numerous stakeholders. In the upcoming weeks, we will host public forums seeking input on the assimilated job criteria for the individual who will lead the university where we want to be in the next decade and we encourage everyone's participation.”
While dates for the public forums/listening sessions are still being set, the events will take place in Las Cruces, Alamogordo, Carlsbad, Grants and Albuquerque and should be completed by early November. Regents stressed the job description and the selection criteria for the next chancellor will not be finalized until after Regents hear from individuals during the open forums.
Regents outlined several high-level characteristics they are looking for in the university's next leader, including:
• A demonstrated track record of improving the performance of higher education institutions;
• An appreciation for the significance of minority-serving institutions and land-grant institutions and the important roles they play for students and the state;
• The ability to connect with the university's many generations of alumni;
• Flexibility to adapt to the changing landscape of higher education and the understanding of how the needs of the higher education consumer have changed over time;
• The ability to connect NMSU with the communities it serves, especially as a driver of economic development;
• An understanding that athletics is the front porch of the university and responsible for generating positive public relations; and
• Appropriately value shared governance in alignment with the best practices at other high-performing universities.
Regents said the next chancellor should also be outcomes-driven, have the ability to break down silos and should be a Level 5 leader who values the interests of the enterprise.
“I believe we can have continued stability at NMSU by building on our existing momentum,” Cheney said. “We need our next chancellor to be someone with strong, decisive leadership that supports a clear course for the future success of this university. The successful candidate will work closely with Regents to quickly attack areas lacking efficiency while realizing the only way for NMSU to excel in the new state of higher education is to focus on revenue opportunities. We need an industry leading visionary who leverages best practices.”
During their meeting Thursday, Regents said that over the past few weeks, they had engaged in meetings with more than 40 stakeholders, including higher education administrators, deans, NMSU's faculty senate chair, the ASNMSU president, the university's vice president for student affairs, the employee council chair, donors, elected officials, New Mexico Department of Agriculture representatives, business leaders and leaders from high performing higher education institutions, to seek input on the key leadership attributes needed to lead NMSU into the next decade of high performing success. They said the meetings were informative and reinforced the passion and commitment of the university's stakeholder while also affirming the opportunities and challenges ahead.
Regents plan to finalize the composition of their search committee at their November meeting based on broad stakeholder representation and diversity. Regents also plan to select a search firm at that time. The search committee will recommend finalists to the Board of Regents with on-campus interviews and public forums with the candidates to follow. It's anticipated the selection of NMSU's next chancellor to be announced in May.
- 30 -
Follow NMSU News on Twitter: http://twitter.com/nmsunews
Follow NMSU News on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/NMSUNews
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ESPN's Adam Schefter is best known for his studio commentary on the NFL. And now you have a chance to peak behind the curtain with a chance to join him live on 'NFL Live'
Adam is giving back to JDRF, the leading global organization funding type one diabetes research!
If you join in on this game with him, you can win a trip to Bristol, Connecticut where you'll tour ESPN studios and be front row for NFL Live
All you have to do is make your way to his Prizeo page and donate some dough.
Check out Adam's campaign video below:
Last week, Reliance Jio came up with the Dhan Dhana Dhan offer for those customers who hadn't recharged for the Summer Surprise offer. The service provider also announced that users who wish to continue using their Jio number should subscribe to the Prime membership to avoid discontinuation of services.
Now, the time has come. We say this as the Jio users who have not subscribed to the Jio Prime membership are all set to face discontinuation of services. This will happen gradually and not at once. Some Jio users have already received an SMS that their service will be discontinued in the days to come.
Also Read: Jio has made these things easier in India
If you haven't done any special recharge, be it the Prime membership costing Rs. 99 or the Summer Surprise offer starting from Rs. 303 or the Dhan Dhana Dhan offer starting from Rs. 309, then your Jio number will soon be discontinued. If you want to retain using your Jio number, then you need to approach a nearby retail store to get the recharge done.
Though the Jio Prime membership has been ended on April 15, you can still do it via the website ot MyJio app in order to get the Prime membership and Dhan Dhana Dhan offer by recharging for Rs. 408 or Rs. 608.
Also Read: Reliance Jio Dhan Dhana Dhan offer FAQs
Reliance Jio has ended the Prime membership on April 15 after extending the same, which was supposed to end on March 31. Notably, the Dhan Dhana Dhan offer has no deadline as yet, but the non-Prime members cannot opt for this offer. Eventually, if you want to continue using your Jio number and enjoy 1GB/2GB data per day along with unlimited calls and SMS, then you need to do this recharge immediately.
How many lenses is too many for a smartphone? Huawei is offering the most on the market with three rear sensors on the Huawei P20 Pro... but how about nine?
That's what's coming from camera-maker Light later this year, according to The Washington Post. The brand, which has huge smartphone maker Foxconn as an investor, is apparently set to launch a phone with the multi-sensor array later this year.
That's quite a lofty goal for a brand that only has working prototypes right now - with lenses numbering between five and nine - so it's a long way from ready with only six months left to go.
There's also the big question of...why? Light is reportedly claiming that the massive sensor line-up will offer 64MP photos, great depth effects and improved low light performance.
A lot to be done
It's possible - but would require a lot of work from Light. Its L16 camera, with a 16 sensor array, has had mixed reviews and question marks over low light performance, while costing a hefty amount.
To overcome those issues while creating a great smartphone and one that takes Pixel-and-Galaxy-beating photos is a tall order for a new brand, especially one that will probably need to charge a lot for the experience.
Still, it's an interesting idea, and if any of the results are market leading (some of the L16's capabilities are apparently incredible, for things like zoom capabilities) then the bigger players will be scratching around looking to replicate the same thing.
Via CNET
Main image credit: Light
LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) _ A Lincoln attorney and former State Board of Education member is running for Nebraska secretary of state.
Bob Evnen announced Monday that he is launching a campaign to replace current Secretary of State John Gale, who decided not to seek re-election in 2018. Evnen is scheduled to travel the state this week.
Evnen has been active in the Nebraska Republican Party for years and worked extensively with the group Nebraskans for the Death Penalty last year to reinstate capital punishment. He served on the State Board of Education from 2005 to 2013.
Evnen made the announcement with U.S. Sen. Deb Fischer and Mark Quandahl, a former state senator and state education board member.
Nebraska state Sen. John Murante of Gretna is also considering a run for secretary of state.
The commander in chief of the Burmese troops of the north has ordered Christian religious leaders to stop communications with the rebels of the Kachin Independence Army or risk penal consequences.
Read more
News category: News Shorts.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 16-year-old boy has died after getting into difficulty in a lake, becoming the eighth person to die in a water-related incident during the UK heatwave.
The teenager had gone into Colwick Park lake, Nottingham, at around 2.05pm today but did not resurface.
He was found more than an hour later following a major search operation which involved the underwater dive team, fire, ambulance and helicopter crews.
A spokesman from Nottinghamshire Police said: "Our thoughts are with his family at this time."
The teenager was taken to the Queen's Medical Centre but was pronounced dead just after 4pm.
(Image: Nottingham Post/BPM MEDIA)
(Image: Nottingham Post/BPM MEDIA)
A spokesman for East Midlands Ambulance Service, told the Nottingham Post: “We received a call at 2.08pm to an incident at Colwick Park, Nottingham.
“The caller reported a patient who was drowning.
"We sent a paramedic in a fast response car, a double crewed ambulance, our Hazardous Area Response Team and the Derbyshire, Leicestershire and Rutland Air Ambulance.
“We worked closely on scene with Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue and Nottinghamshire Police to locate and extract the patient from the water.
“One patient was taken to Queens Medical Centre for further care.”
It was last September at the 2016 IAA Commercial Vehicles show in Hannover, Germany where VW signaled its intentions towards making an all-electric Crafter with a near-production concept appropriately called “e-Crafter.” The folks from Wolfsburg have already announced the EV workhorse is pinned for a 2017 launch and most likely it's going to be called “E-Transporter.”
The moniker was recently trademarked by the company, along with three other nameplates: Allsider, Duomotion, and Twin Motion. The last two are likely going to be used to define the type of powertrain, with one of them probably taking the shape of a regular hybrid while the other might refer to a plug-in hybrid setup. As for “Allsider,” it might become a badge for a model belonging to Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles' growing portfolio.
Getting back to the E-Transporter, it's expected to carry over most of the concept's technical specifications. That means it will likely be powered by an electric motor delivering 134 horsepower (100 kilowatts) and an instant torque of 214 pound-feet (290 Newton-meters), which in the case of the concept was enough electric punch for a top speed of 50 mph (80 kph).
The aforementioned e-Crafter had a 43-kWh lithium-ion battery pack mounted under the cargo space floor with enough juice for more than 124 miles (200 kilometers), which hopefully will increase for the road-going model. As a matter of fact, VW said at the concept's reveal it's already working to improve the batteries in order to boost range to as much as 248 miles (400 km). Recharging the concept's batteries to an 80-percent level was done in just 45 minutes.
Expect the E-Transporter to arrive later in the year considering Dr Eckhard Scholz, Chairman of the Board of Management of Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles, has promised the first units are going to be “in customers' hands by 2017."
Source: Inside EVs via Recharge / Twitter
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
April 30th, 1980. The Wednesday morning sun glistening against the white washed walls of the Iranian Embassy overlooking Hyde Park.
Spring blossoms lined the quaint street, the most beautiful time of the year in the prestigious neighbourhood.
Police Constable Trevor Lock stood guard outside the South Kensington embassy. Iranian tourists made their way in through the gates, planning their trips home. BBC employees, Sim Harris and Chris Kramer stopped by to pick up their visas.
A regular Wednesday morning. No-one saw what was coming.
(Photo: Rex Features)
At 11:30am, six armed gunmen overpowered Pc Lock and stormed into the embassy doors.
Members of the Iranian extremist group “Democratic Revolutionary Movement for the Liberation of Arabistan”, the six men took 26 people hostage and began what was to be a six day tense standoff against British security forces.
(Photo: Hulton Archive)
Two women managed to flee the scene when the siege started, but for the rest of them, this would be an unforgettable nightmare.
A new film, ‘6 Days' chronicles the events that took place during the siege stars Jamie Bell as SAS trooper Rusty Firmin, Mark Strong as the hostage negotiator Max Vernon and Abbie Cornish as BBC reporter Kate Adie.
The film follows events in the Spring of 1980.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
On April 24th, 1980, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's Cabinet was in the middle of a risky turn of events.
When 53 American hostages were taken in Iran's capital Tehran, President Carter and his advisers were split on military action.
She tried everything to ensure that Carter would not go to war with Iran over the hostage-taking. Tensions were high.
(Photo: PA)
“We have an uneasy feeling that we're slipping down a slippery slope towards a military confrontation,” said Carter's speechwriter, Hendrik Hertzberg.
He was right, and a week later, extremists turned towards Britain.
The London hostage-takers wanted autonomy of the Khuzestan province of Iran.
They were angry with the oppression of religious leader Ayatollah Khomeini who came into power the previous year.
The militants were named as Ali Mohammed (“Salim”), second-in-command Shakir Abdullah Radhil (“Faisal”), Makki Hanoun Ali (“Makki”), Themir Mohammed Hussein (“Abbas”), Shakir Sultan Said (“Hassan”) and Fowzi Badavi Nejad.
(Photo: Daily Record)
The six terrorists wanted the release of 91 political prisoners who were jailed in Khuzestan province, and a plane to fly themselves and the hostages out of Britain.
But with further demands for negotiations to be carried out by ambassadors from Iraq, Jordan and Algeria, British authorities quickly realised the danger they were in.
The 27-year-old leader “Salim” threatened to execute all the hostages and blow up the embassy if their demands were not met.
The SAS were on high alert, standing guard outside the embassy, waiting for further information.
Police attempted to install surveillance equipment on the roof of the building.
Negotiators and translators tried to talk to the terrorists from outside the embassy walls to convince them to release the innocent people. Everyone was scared, nobody knew when they might strike.
But Thatcher refused to let Britain fall to its knees.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
A Cobra - an emergency meeting named after the location in Downing Street it takes place Cabinet Office briefing room A - was called to deal with the unfolding crisis.
It was decided a safe passage was not to be granted, but minor concessions, such as broadcasting the terrorists' demands had to be done to ensure the hostages' safety.
Then one hostage, Frieda Mozafarian - a press officer - was released.
But as the first day came to an end, there was still no sign of the siege ending.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
Hostage negotiator and Metropolitan Police Chief Inspector, Max Vernon continued delicate dialogues with the terrorists, hoping to negotiate a peaceful end to the siege.
Meanwhile SAS troops studied plans of the embassy building and tried to install listening devices in the walls.
British security experts from MI5 lowered microphones down the embassy chimneys and drilled holes through the walls of adjacent buildings for eavesdropping devices.
(Photo: Mirrorpix)
Blueprints of the building were poured over, potential entry points were checked, and a plan was drawn up on how to free the hostages. It was just like in the movies.
Outside the Embassy, supporters of the Iranian leader protested the ongoing crisis.
Despite efforts to keep everything under control, things turned violent when an angry pro-Khomeini demonstrator tackled police officer Michael Perkin, leaving him lying on the ground with a broken leg, grimacing through the pain.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
Just when things started to look even worse there was another release.
To everyone's surprise, one of the BBC employees, Chris Kramer was let out after becoming ill.
Afterwards he said: "The four non-Arab persons, myself, Ron Morris, Sim Harris and Trevor Lock, decided that one of us had to get out.
"I was rather conveniently ill, so I ramped it up a little."
Escorted to an ambulance by police officers, the country breathed a sigh of relief. But with negotiations failing to work, there was still no reassurance. And time was ticking.
Day three was quiet.
One of the hooded terrorists stepped out, pistol in hand, to retrieve the day's lunch boxes.
The World Snooker Championship was on the TV. Police and SAS troopers took turns planning their tactics and standing guard. They needed the rest, they needed to be alert.
(Photo: Press Association)
One of the hostages, Egyptian Mustapha Karkouti leaned over the balcony, talking to police officers below. He was translating for the terrorists, but the message was surprising. The gunmen apologised for the trouble they were causing.
The next day, Ali Guil Ghanzafar, a Pakistani tourist, and secretary Hiyech Sanei Kanji were released.
On the fifth day after acting as the gunmen's translator Lebanese journalist Mustapha Karkouti, too, was let go.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
Mrs Thatcher, however, was not ready to back down.
Emily Morris, mother of embassy worker Ron Morris, one of the hostages said in her appeal to the terrorists, “he is my only child and I don't want to lose him.”
Everybody hoped that they would continue to release the hostages one by one.
But all hope came crumbling down the very next day.
The Cobra meeting had concluded that no plane would be provided to the terrorists and an Arab ambassador would not be involved in the ordeal.
(Photo: Daily Record)
Inside the embassy, press attache Abbas Lavasani lay tied up on the ground floor, away from the other hostages.
He had been heard arguing with the gunmen on several occasions.
Pc Lock was seen shouting instructions down to police officers from the balcony as one of the terrorists peered over his shoulder.
He warned that if there was no firm news about talks with an ambassador within 30 minutes, one of the hostages would be shot.
The hostages were terrified, sweating beads of fear.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
At noon, three shots were heard. Loud bangs followed by deafening silence.
Was someone shot or was it a trick?
A few hours later, more shots were fired. But the SAS still took no action.
At least until early that evening, when to everyone's horror, a body was pushed out the door of the embassy. Lavasani's lifeless body lay on the cold marble tiles.
“He was like an innocent lamb, offering himself up to the slaughter," Pc Lock told the Independent, recalling the horrors of the day. "He said if they were going to kill a hostage, he wanted it to be him."
The Prime Minister had decided not to use force unless hostages was killed or were at imminent risk of being killed.
Within an hour of Lavasani's bullet-riddled body being thrown out, Thatcher gave her green light and Operation Nimrod was in effect.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
It was 7:23pm.
“Go, go, go” triggered the most famous counter-terrorism assault that lasted only 17 minutes.
Rusty Firmin was later to write a book of his experiences taking the order as it's title.
Multiple assault teams entered from all sides of the embassy building, going in from different floors.
Groups of soldiers dressed in black overalls, black balaclavas and gas masks abseiled from the roof, forcing their way through the windows.
Some threw thunderflashes through the windows to stun the terrorists, others blew the first floor windows in and entered via the balcony, a few snuck into the rear garden and held the main staircase.
‘The Man with No Gloves' as he was identified from dramatic pictures of the raid - Lance Corporal Firmin led the six-man Blue Team into the library.
“Basically it is kill or be killed,” recalled Pete Winner, who led a team into the basement. “We're storming into this building and we are unstoppable – I am unstoppable – utterly unstoppable.”
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
Then the whole building shook. Smoke painted the blue sky black and the embassy was ablaze.
It was unlike anything anyone had ever seen before and the press pack who had been camped outside sprung into action.
BBC reporter Kate Adie covered the whole thing, as millions of people watched the final drama unfold live on their television screens at peak time.
Programmes were interrupted, but this Bank Holiday Monday broadcast was a show that stunned the world.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The terrorists were no longer in charge. Leader “Salim” made a move towards the window, trying to escape, when Pc Lock managed to tackle him down and draw the pistol he had kept hidden all this time. The SAS were able to intervene and shot the terrorist dead.
Soldiers wave BBC hostage Sim Harris over to safety, helping him flee from a burning office.
Upstairs, two of the gunmen began shooting at their captives, panicked by the sudden takeover.
When SAS troopers stormed in, they pretended to be hostages, but their identities were soon discovered and they were shot in a dramatic fire fight
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
In order to identify the remaining people, the soldiers checked each hostage and let them out one by one.
It didn't take long for militant number four and five to be spotted with their Russian assault grenades on the main stairway by the doors. Killed on the spot.
That was five out of six, but no one felt safe until all six were found.
All the hostages were told to lie down outside as they were handcuffed. But as leader of the SAS team, John McAleese was doing a headcount, a puzzled look emerged on his exhausted face. There was one too many.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
BBC employee, Sim Harris quickly spotted the final terrorist and the manhunt was over. Instead of killing him, however, the soldiers decided to keep him alive.
Arrested on the spot, Fowzi Badavi Nejad was sentenced to life imprisonment nine months later. He was, however, freed in 2008 and now lives in London having sought sanctuary under human rights laws.
The six day siege that shook the world ended with one hostage dead, two - Dr Gholan Ali Afrouz who is disabled by his injuries and Akmed Dadgar - seriously wounded in crossfire, and five of the six gunmen killed.
Operation Nimrod was considered a success.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
But for police negotiator Max Vernon, it felt like defeat. “I felt I had failed. People had died. We were meant to talk them out without any shooting,” he said in an interview with the BBC.
As survivors were being treated at the Hendon Police College Medical Centre and debris clean up began, everybody was talking about the incredible bravery demonstrated by the SAS teams.
Thatcher thanked them for their “superb” performance and said that they made everyone “proud to be British”.
Iran had a similar reaction and declared the murdered hostage a martyr.
From insignificant to put on the world stage, the SAS's reputation increased dramatically, living up to their motto: “Who Dare Wins”.
Changing the image of counter-terrorism forces, their techniques were studied and copied by divisions all over the world.
The new film ‘6 Days' will renew interest in the event and give a voice to those who experienced it firsthand.
Screenwriter Glenn Standring conducted extensive research and interviews with individuals who played a part in the days leading up to, during, and after the siege.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
In the aftermath Trevor Lock was awarded the George Medal for “gallantry and devotion to duty of an extremely high order" during the siege.
The quiet hero has stepped away from the limelight, but says that the memories continue to haunt him everyday.
“I always had the attitude that selling my story would be like selling my soul,” he explains. “It's not my scene: I'm not an extrovert.”
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
Rusty Firmin now works as a security consultant. John McAleese who led the team later served in the Falklands in 1982 and in Northern Ireland, but died aged 61 of an apparent heart attack.
SAS Corporal, Tommy Palmer died on active service in a car crash in Northern Ireland. Sim Harris gives interviews about his experiences during the siege.
The Iranian Embassy was reopened in 1993.
It may be nearly four decades since the shocking six day siege, but the bravery of the SAS troops and the hostages will always be remembered.
6 Days will release across the UK, Ireland 4 August 2017.
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
4:34 Dabo Swinney takes the blame for Clemson's loss to Pitt
4:27 Clemson DC Brent Venables breaks down Ohio State's offense
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
Esha Gupta has recently been ruling the social media with her bold and sexy lingerie photo shoot. After the photo shoot went live on social media, some of her fans liked the pictures, some disapproved her bold avatar and many trolled her with nasty and slut
After the photo shoot went live on social media, some of her fans liked the pictures, some disapproved her bold avatar and many trolled her with nasty and slut shamming comments. The actress is not surprised by such reactions and says her pictures are NOT vulgar.
In an interview to Times Of India, Esha Gupta said, ” In our country, women are eternally blamed. They are accused when a girl child is born. They are even accused when they are raped. So, somewhere I knew that I will also have to face a lot of heat. After all, it's easy for some faceless and redundant people to pull a celebrity down at the first opportunity. I've done shoots like this one when I was a model. I have gone topless and naked too.No one ever asked me about that. And who are these people who have issues with my pictures? It's my body and it's been shot aesthetically. There's a thin line which if you cross, you look vulgar. No one can say my pictures are vulgar. I got more love than hate, but it's better to be hated than to be forgotten.”
Trending :
The actress teamed up with her photographer friend and stylist in the comforts and privacy of her own house for this lingerie photo shoot. Esha lashed out men's double standards to a woman's bold avatar. She said, ” Men tend to have a problem if a woman goes bold. Their manhood is challenged. They are prudes, they must have even saved these pictures on their phone. And here we are in the country of Ajanta and Ellora and Kama Sutra, objecting to a woman's photo shoot which she has done on her own will. So my attitude is s***w them, and that's the point I wanted to make. The pictures turned out so beautiful that I didn't want to hold them back. The thing is that I have been comfortable and confident about my body all along.”
Esha lashed out men's double standards to a woman's bold avatar. She said, ” Men tend to have a problem if a woman goes bold. Their manhood is challenged. They are prudes, they must have even saved these pictures on their phone. And here we are in the country of Ajanta and Ellora and Kama Sutra, objecting to a woman's photo shoot which she has done on her own will. So my attitude is s***w them, and that's the point I wanted to make. The pictures turned out so beautiful that I didn't want to hold them back. The thing is that I have been comfortable and confident about my body all along.”
Esha Gupta knows what she is up to and says these bold pictures don't make her UnIndian, “As a law graduate, I know what I am doing. I've survived this industry on my terms and that's not chanding. I'm not the girl from the woods who have made it here. And for those ready to give me lessons behaving Indian, I'm more Indian they can be. My father has served the nation and I represented it proudly on an international platform (Miss India and Miss Universe),” she concluded.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
UNITED KINGDOM 12.11.2017 Courtesy Video Natochannel
On any NATO mission throughout the world, the Allied Rapid Reaction Corps is ready to deploy. It's comprised of 1,600 troops from 23 nations and has the ability to lead up to 160,000 soldiers on the ground. Annual exercise ARRCADE FUSION tests their readiness.
The Allied Rapid Reaction Corps, or ARRC, is the high-readiness Land Component Command or Corps HQ for NATO, an operationally effective HQ capable of deploying worldwide on short notice.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by his Italian upbringing and his years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
FILE - In this Feb. 13, 2018, file photo, Pittsburgh Penguins goaltender Matt Murray blocks a shot during an NHL hockey game against the Ottawa Senators in Pittsburgh. Matt Murray looks ready to return from a concussion thatâ€™s kept him out for the last three weeks. Murray practiced with his teammates on Monday, March 19, 2018, and could be available on Tuesday night when the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions visit the New York Islanders. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar, File)
FILE - In this Feb. 13, 2018, file photo, Pittsburgh Penguins goaltender Matt Murray blocks a shot during an NHL hockey game against the Ottawa Senators in Pittsburgh. Matt Murray looks ready to return from a concussion thatâ€™s kept him out for the last three weeks. Murray practiced with his teammates on Monday, March 19, 2018, and could be available on Tuesday night when the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions visit the New York Islanders. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar, File)
PITTSBURGH (AP) - Penguins goaltender Matt Murray looks ready to return from a concussion that's kept him out for the past three weeks.
Murray practiced with his teammates on Monday and could be available on Tuesday night when the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions visit the New York Islanders.
Coach Mike Sullivan said Murray looked strong during Pittsburgh's workout. Murray hasn't played since taking a shot off his mask in practice late last month.
The Penguins created a spot for Murray on the roster on Monday when they reassigned Tristan Jarry to the club's American Hockey League affiliate in Wilkes-Barre/Scranton. Jarry split starts with Casey DeSmith during Murray's absence.
Pittsburgh has hung tough without Murray, who helped backstop the Penguins to consecutive Cups. The Penguins trail first-place Washington by two points in the Metropolitan Division with 10 games left in the regular season.
___
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Penn State has settled a pending lawsuit against former defensive coordinator Bob Shoop, the school announced.
Although terms of the settlement were not released, Shoop will recognize the obligations under his employment contract with the school as part of the agreement.
"Both Coach Shoop and Penn State are pleased to bring this matter to an amicable resolution," Penn State said in a prepared statement. "Coach Shoop wishes continued success for the Penn State football program and remains grateful for the support he received from the coaching staff, support staff and the fans while he was at Penn State. Penn State recognizes that coach Shoop was an integral part of the coaching staff during his tenure at Penn State and wishes him the best in his future endeavors."
Penn State announced in June it would sue Shoop, who was on the Nittany Lions staff in 2014 and 2015, for breach of contract. The school claimed he owed $891,856 for not complying with the conditions of his buyout.
Shoop's contract stated he would owe Penn State 50 percent of his remaining base salary if he didn't become a head coach at another program within a year of leaving the school.
When Shoop left Penn State in January 2016, he became Tennessee's defensive coordinator, a position he held through the 2017 season. In December, Shoop was hired as Mississippi State's defensive coordinator, and he works under Bulldogs head coach Joe Moorhead, who had been Penn State's offensive coordinator.
Shoop counter-sued Penn State in July, claiming he had "intolerable" work conditions and "a hostile, negative work environment," and was "constructively discharged/terminated from, or forced or compelled to leave" his position.
Shoop asked for Penn State's case to be dismissed and sought $75,000 in damages.
(USA, FL -July 03,2018): Forever Events is progressively becoming the Wedding Venues In South Florida owing to their commitment to delivery of fine service and flawless implementation. Forever Events ensures that every event that they organize becomes memorable for all guests with their dedication and impeccable designing. Right from decor to service and styling, every single detail is orchestrated carefully into a comprehensive picture. The decor is elegantly designed and the service is sophisticatedly chosen along with customized furniture, subtle lighting in order to give a mesmerizing and indelible impression of the event and an assured courteous and glorious stay for all guests.
Irrespective of the size of the events, Forever Events makes the event a truly delightful scene for all attendees, which renders it the status of the best event agency Miami. Forever Events performs event branding and conceptualized event designing, mood board development, personalized floor planning along with 3D rendering, custom accessorizing and individualized styling. Being the top event planners Miami, Forever Events takes complete care of logistics, improvised designing, guest coordination, effective styling, and represented vendor management. The artistic designing of the events sets them apart from all other event planning companies in Florida. Forever Events incorporate the transformative trends in their event designing and their inspired creativity is a result of their artistic perspective. Their utmost professionalism and unimpeachable work ethic further adds to their ascension in event planning Miami industry.
The detailed conceptualization of every event spawns from their immaculate planning and the focus on centralizing and tailoring the event around one story. The thematic approach taken by these luxury event planners ensures that every event has a touch of personalization by the respective organizers. The events are coordinated keeping with the requirements of the organizers and an effective planning of the budget. The active monitoring of the management and event flow and strict adherence to timing are the biggest strengths of Forever Events. Forever Events strives to exceed the clients' expectations through its refined organization and extraordinary planning. The continuous attention to detail and floral and visual delight makes luxury weddings a truly upscale experience.
Media Contact
Address
1170 Kane Concourse, Suite 101
Bay Harbor Islands
FL 33154
USA
Phone305.240.6450
###
Buenos Aires: Global economic growth is facing the risk of inward-looking policies and protectionism which much be avoided, European Economics Commissioner Pierre Moscovici said on Monday on the sidelines of a meeting of world financial leaders in Argentina that discussed trade.
Moscovici said finance ministers and central bank governors from the world`s 20 biggest economies, the G20, discussed trade on Monday afternoon in a "polite" way in the context of the global economic outlook amid concern that U.S. plans to impose tariffs on steel and aluminium imports could trigger a global trade war.
"The first risk is the risk of inward looking policies and protectionism," Moscovici told reporters after the first day of talks, adding protectionism could damage growth and the principles of free trade of the World Trade Organisation.
He noted that the world managed to avoid the experience of a great depression from the early 20th century during the financial crisis in 2007-2009 because it did not revert to trade protectionism at the time.
"I hope that tomorrow the G20 communique will show that protectionism is not the solution and we must absolutely avoid that," he said. "A trade war would be stupid. There would be damage on both sides of the Atlantic," he said.
He reiterated that while the European Union did not want a trade war with the United States, it was preparing counter-measures in case it was not exempted from the U.S. steel and aluminium tariffs.
Washington, D.C. -
Former Boise State Bronco Orlando Scandrick has agreed to a two-year deal with the Washington Redskins. The deal is worth around 10 million dollars.
Scandrick was released by the Dallas Cowboys last week. He made 38 tackles, no interceptions and had three pass breakups last year before going on injured reserve.
Overall he has been in the league for 10 seasons all with Dallas making 69 starts and 8 interceptions.
KARACHI: Pakistan speedster Shoaib Akhtar, also known as the Rawalpindi Express, joined PSL franchise Lahore Qalandars as the team's mentor.
Shoaib Akhtar, 42, has represented Pakistan in 46 Tests and 163 ODIs, was revealed as the team's mentor by Lahore Qalandars chairman Fawad Rana during a press conference in Lahore on Friday.
“I am honoured to announce that Shoaib Akhtar has joined Qalandars family and he'll mentor our players,” said Fawad.
Shoaib Akhtar said that he's excited to be part of Lahore Qalandars and aimed to train young fast bowlers, spotted by the franchise during the players development program Jazz Rising Stars.
“I am honoured and privileged to be a part of this, extremely excited and thrilled,” he said.
“I want fast bowlers to perform aggressively and will mentor these bowlers to become what a fast bowler should be,” said the former bowler who was once the fastest bowler in the cricketing world.
The fast bowler from Rawalpindi also praised Lahore Qalandars' talent hunt program, saying that it would promote new talent and serve Pakistan in the longer run.
“I have never seen a talent hunt program of such huge scale in my career,” said Shoaib.
Shoaib's first task with the Qalandar family, as it seems, will be to mentor newly found fast bowler Haris Rauf who – according to Aqib Javed – is one of the fastest bowlers in the present era.
Haris was spotted during open trials in Gujranwala last month. The young bowler has also signed a contract with Lahore Qalandars franchise and will be part of team's development squad for the tour of Australia.
File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two largest operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike. The Culinary Union on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, released documents explaining how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment. (AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File)
File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two largest operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike. The Culinary Union on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, released documents explaining how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment. (AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File)
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
The Culinary Union detailed Wednesday how it thinks a one-month strike would affect MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected.
The contracts of 50,000 workers employed at 34 casino-hotels expire at midnight Thursday. They could walk off the job any time starting Friday after voting last week to authorize a strike.
MGM says it met with union negotiators this week and has more talks scheduled. The company says it remains confident that it can "resolve the outstanding contract issues."
Caesars did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday.
While the initial trends in Noorpur Assembly constituency in Uttar Pradesh showed Avani Singh of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leading against Naim Ul Hasan of the Samajwadi Party, the latest trends are now showing the BJP leader trailing in the seat. The bypoll in the Noorpur Assembly seat was necessitated after the death of sitting BJP MLA Lokendra Singh Chouhan. He was a two-time MLA from the seat.
While the BJP has reposed faith in Avani Singh, wife of late MLA Lokendra Chauhan, as its candidate, the Samajwadi Party fielded Naim Ul Hasan as its candidate.
In Kairana Lok Sabha seat, BJP candidate Mriganka Singh is trailing against RLD leader Tabassum Hasan, who has been backed by opposition parties Congress, Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party.
After the defeat of the BJP in Gorakhpur and Phoolpur Lok Sabha bypolls, opposition parties are upbeat aiming to consolidate anti-BJP votes, whereas the ruling BJP has made extra efforts to retain both Kairana Lok Sabha and Noorpur Assembly seats in order to send a message to voters, party cadres -- as well as opposition parties -- that the recent reversals are a closed chapter now, and that it was still strong in western UP.
When Jack Clarke was 8 years old, doctors told his parents that he'd likely never walk or talk again.
On Sunday, he walked across the Drake Knapp Center stage to accept his diploma during the Valley High School graduation ceremony.
One of those cheering him on was Valley Principal Tim Miller. The principal and the student have been eating lunch together off and on for six years — since their time together at Stilwell Junior High.
"He is just such an amazing young guy and has a great love of life," Miller said last week. "He's got such a positive outlook on everything he does and transfers that joy to others."
Clarke's medical problems arose in elementary school after a shunt used to drain excess fluid from around his brain — he was born with a condition called hydrocephalus — became infected.
"Everything that could go wrong went wrong," said his mother, Melissa Clarke-Wharff.
Clarke had six strokes in two weeks and spent a month in a coma.
The second half of his third-grade year was spent at an inpatient medical facility. He doesn't remember much of that time, but he does remember the physical therapy he had to endure while attending fourth-grade classes part-time.
"It about emotionally about broke me," his mother said. "I got my motivation and strength from Jack. I saw he was working for this as well. I just didn't believe that he wasn't going to be able to walk."
He eventually had 38 leg surgeries to help him regain mobility.
When is been time for Clarke to move to junior high, his family met with Miller, who was principal of Stilwell at the time.
"I saw Tim's commitment to Jack. He said, 'This kid's got it, and we're going to bring it out of him,'" Clarke-Wharff said
That's when Miller and Clarke first began spending their lunch period together.
"Every lunch, he was there," Clarke said. "I didn't really know anybody else besides him. He would mingle with the students. I just found that so cool how he was able to do that."
Miller was transferred to Valley High during Clarke's eighth-grade year. But the friendship and lunches resumed two years later on Clarke's first day at Valley High.
The principal said he sits in the cafeteria each day to be accessible to students. He wasn't in the lunchroom just for Clarke, but Clarke was the bonus, he said.
"All the credit goes to Jack," Miller said. "He has a magnetism about him. Anything that people have done to help him, they've done because of the way he is."
That help — from family, friends, teachers and doctors — went a long way to getting Clarke to Sunday's graduation ceremony.
The Valley graduate is heading to Des Moines Area Community College in Ankeny next fall.
And he's already got some lunch dates planned this summer with Miller, who is retiring at the end of June.
"We'll see each other one way or another," the principal said. "We said we were going out together."
© Gannett Co., Inc. 2018. All Rights Reserved
In the next week we may see action that would impact the new 199A section of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which was passed in December.
As in the AgDay clip above, Paul Neiffer, CPA and principal at CliftonLarsenAllen explains that the provision was added at the very last minute and comes with unintended consequences, and he says will “definitely see a fix.”
Tax staff members of the Senate Finance Committee, in consultation with the House Ways and Means Committee, have started to draft legislative language to enact a solution. The National Grain and Feed Association (NGFA) reports the goal is to provide that legislation as part of the February 8 funding bill or as part of other spending bills likely to be considered during the month of February.
NGFA says that in the month of January its efforts have intensified to “collaboratively to develop an equitable and expeditious solution to the unforeseen marketing-disruptive impacts created by Section 199A of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.”
Section 199A, which gives farmers the ability to deduct up to 20% of their total sales to cooperatives could make it more profitable for farmers to sell to cooperatives than independent companies, says Jim Wiesemeyer, ProFarmer's Washington policy analyst.
“[The new version] is a more generous version of a deduction that owners of pass-through businesses, such as partnerships and S-corporations, get in the law,” he says. “Farmers would get a smaller deduction — about 20% of income — if they sell grain or other farm products to privately held or investor-owned companies.”
Keri L. Jacobs, Iowa Institute for Cooperatives Endowed Economics Professor, provides this example:
A farmer has $500k in gross grain sales (140,000 bushels) and $100,000 in net farm income, all from selling grain. If she markets through a cooperative, she anticipates a patronage allocation of $0.025 cents per bushel, or $3,500.
Choice A: She markets the crop to an independent grain firm or processor and, through Sec 199A, she deducts up to 20% of her QBI: 20% x $100,000 = $20,000 potential deduction.
Choice B: If she markets the crop to her cooperative, she deducts up to 20% of gross sales (20% x $500,000 = $100,000) because they qualify as per unit retains, plus 20% of any qualified patronage allocation (20% x $3,500 = $700). The potential deduction is $100,700.
At a 22% marginal tax rate based on selling to an independent marketing firm or processor (Choice A), the deduction difference between these two choices is $80,700, which equates to $0.12 per bushel in taxes. Estimates from tax professionals working with producers is that the tax effect may range from $0.05 - $0.20 per bushel.
A statement concerning the new 199A section of the tax bill passed in December was approved by the Board of Directors for the Agribusiness Association of Iowa promises that the group is continuing to work to bring the 199A provision back in line with the intention expressed by federal legislators.
It reads, “AAI is supportive of the efforts of NGFA and NCFC to resolve this issue quickly and equitably, maintaining and preserving, to the extent possible, the benefits that cooperatives and their customers previously enjoyed under Section 199.”
Anna-Lisa Laca contributed to this report
Market Research Future published a research report on Global Fungal Eye Infection Market and predicts that Global Fungal Eye Infection Market is expected to grow at a healthy CAGR of 8.5% during the forecasted period. Actually Fungal eye infections are rare, but they can be very serious. Fungal eye infection is a result of an eye injury. Inflammation or infection in the interior of the eye is called endophthalmitis and inflammation/infection of the cornea is known as keratitis.
The Global Fungal Eye Infections Market is majorly driven by increasing prevalence of fungal infection, continuously increasing geriatric population and increasing number of patients suffering from a various fungal infection. However, the growth of the market is restricted due to side-effects of the treatment. For instance, in contrast to the remedial effects, antifungal treatment can have many side effects as well. Some of them include irritation, itching, headache, diarrhea, and anemia. In some cases, they are also responsible for causing kidney and liver damage.
The Global Fungal Eye Infection Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.3% during the forecasted period.
To Explore More, Get PDF Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5498 .
Key Players for Global Fungal Eye Infection Market
Some of the key players in Fungal Eye Infection Market are Allergan Inc., Abbott, Merck & Co., Inc., Bayer AG, Astellas Pharma, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Sigma-Aldrich, Novartis AG, Pfizer, Inc., Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Alcon Laboratories Inc., Johnson & Johnson Ltd. and others.
Segments for Global Fungal Eye Infection Market
The Global Fungal Eye Infection Market is segmented on the basis of diagnosis, treatment, and end-users.
On the basis of the diagnosis, the market is segmented into CT scan, MR scan, chromosome analysis, ultrasonography, and others.
Based on the treatment, the market is segmented into antifungal medication, eye surgery, and others.
On the basis of the end-users, the market is segmented into hospitals & clinics, research centers, specialty eye clinics, and others.
Regional Analysis for Global Fungal Eye Infection Market
The Americas dominate the Global Fungal Eye Infection Market owing to the presence of population suffering from a fungal and bacterial infection and increasing number of surgical procedures in the hospitals. The Americas is further segmented into North America and South America. North America holds the largest market owing to extensive use of advanced technology and developed pharmaceutical sector.
Europe accounts for the second largest market due to increasing funds, government support and increasing healthcare expenditure. Germany, France, and the U.K hold a significant share in the market owing to increasing demand for technologically advanced devices for the surgical procedures overall growth of medical device industry.
Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market for the fungal eye infection, whose growth is attributed to rising geriatric population, increasing prevalence of people suffering from fungal and bacterial infections, and rapidly developing economies. Additionally, increasing healthcare expenditure and demand for new treatment options for rare diseases fuel the market growth. India and China are the major contributors to the market growth due to the rapid development of healthcare sector in these regions and increasing demand for diagnostic services.
On the other hand, the Middle East & Africa is expected to witness limited growth due to limited access to the healthcare resources and lack of awareness about rare diseases. In the Middle East, the growth of the market is driven by increasing availability new diagnostic and treatment methods for various chronic and fungal infections.
Get Prime Discount on Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/5498 .
Some Brief Table of Contents of Report
Chapter 1. Report Prologue
Chapter 2. Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3. Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4. Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
Chapter 5. Market Factor Analysis
5.1 Porters Five Forces Analysis
5.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
TOC Continued…
Access Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/fungal-eye-infection-market-5498 .
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Statistical Report, Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Hadapsar, Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Momentum activist has been suspended from Labour after posting a mock video of local councillors which was considered anti-Semitic.
Daniel Harris posted a video on social media, featuring three characters in traditional Orthodox Jewish dress.
He has since apologised for causing offense with the video, but blamed his suspension on "a political ploy by the Right in Labour"
The figures, dancing to a song about Hanukkah - had the faces of three Labour councillors for Brighton and Hove superimposed on their bodies.
The video was accompanied by the message: “Merry Christmas Warren Morgan, Caroline Penn and Anne Meadows. A bit of fun!”
(Image: SWNS-London-+44 (0)1179066550)
Mr Harris, a member of Corbyn-backing pressure group Momentum, was suspended from Labour last night, following complaints about the video.
The video has since been removed from his Facebook page and replaced by a similar video featuring three elves.
Last night, Harris said: “I can see now that the post can be seen as offensive and anti Semitic and I wholeheartedly apologise for the offensive I have caused.
"As a gay man who has been victim to two incidents of homophobic hate crime this year, I know full well the challenges people from minority groups face."
It's thought the video was created using the ‘Elf Yourself' app, which allows users to paste friends' faces onto holiday themed dancers.
(Image: SWNS-London-+44 (0)1179066550)
Jewish Labour movement Ivor Caplin said the group had submitted a formal complaint about the video, adding: “There are people who think they can defend Dan Harris for this – there may need to be a wider investigation by the party.”
In an online post, Harris said he was “utterly devastated” to have been suspended, and blamed the move on a “political ploy by the Right in Labour.”
He added: “I want to condemn all forms of racism. As a gay man who has been victim to two incidents of homophobic hate crime this year, I know full well the challenges people from minority groups face.
‘I would never take part in any form of racism. I fight for vulnerable people in the community and, as a result of being fairly vocal on issues, I believe this whole incident is a political ploy by the Right in Labour to deny working-class voices and smear the Left.
“Finally I want to end with an apology if my post did offend anyone, it was certainly never meant to offend. It was meant to bring seasonal joy, not more divisions.”
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Olivier Giroud has revealed that he didn't want to leave Arsenal for anywhere other than Chelsea after talking to Antonio Conte.
The French international completed an £18million move from the Gunners to their London rivals on transfer deadline day.
Giroud, 31, was wanted by Borussia Dortmund but rejected a switch to the Bundesliga - who eventually took Chelsea's Michy Batshuayi on loan as they replaced Arsenal's £56million acquisition Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.
Arsenal were originally reticent to allow Giroud to move to the Premier League champions, but with the striker determined to remain in London and after his years of service at the Emirates, Arsene Wenger relented.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: REUTERS)
Giroud, who insists he wanted to leave the Gunners for more first-team football, says Antonio Conte also made a considerable impression.
"The most important thing was talking with the coach, Antonio Conte," Giroud told Chelsea's official website. "I felt like he really wanted me and he really wanted to work with me.
"I wanted to sign for Chelsea and nowhere else. I really wanted to play more. I wanted to stay in the Premier League, and Chelsea for me is perfect because I can even stay in London.
"But the first reason is the sporting challenge. That has always been my first priority.
"Everything is here for me to be happy."
(Image: REUTERS)
Giroud has been added to the Blues' Champions League squad and is looking forward to facing off against Barcelona, whom they meet in the second round later this month.
"The Champions League is massive for a football player," added Giroud.
"There is nothing above it when you're playing for a club. There will be two nice games against Barcelona.
"We know their qualities and I think everybody will need to be 100 per cent to go through. It will be very exciting and I'm looking forward to it."
poll loading Will Olivier Giroud be a success at Chelsea? 8000+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
The new return vending machine had one of the glass front panels smashed over the weekend.
The new return vending machine had one of the glass front panels smashed over the weekend. Marc Stapelberg
EITHER someone really wanted their 10 cents from an unapproved container or just felt the urge to smash something, but the region's only reverse vending machine was vandalised less than a week after the installation.
The machine was installed a week after the NSW Government's Container Deposit Scheme state-wide launch on December 1, with consumers ready to cash-in on their 10 cent refunds for drink containers, since prices rose early November.
Three days later glass on the machine was smashed.
Dylan Butcher commented on a Lismore Information Exchange post: "This is why Lismore can't have nice things... only takes one person to ruin it for everyone.”
Other comments included: "30 years too late”, and "how annoying, we were there yesterday and the kids loved it, hopefully it stays”, while another said "nothing will last in Lismore.... vandals everywhere to break things”.
Since the announcement of the scheme - which aims to reduce litter by 40% by 2020 - communities have been divided on it's potential effectiveness.
Russell O'keefe is one of these community members - he said on the post: "Luckily these machines are not nice things. They are a waste of our money. We had perfectly fine yellow lid bins.”
At the moment, the Lismore machine is the only option for Northern Rivers' consumers to get a refund from their containers, but more are expected to roll out.
They may come in the form of over-the-counter collection points or automated depots.
Shadow Environment Minister Penny Sharpe MLC said the roll out of the "botched” scheme had been "complete shambles”.
"There were meant to be 800 reverse vending machines in place but there are still only 52 listed, so the Government has turned to newsagents, car washes and kebab shops as its fallback - but clearly it isn't working,” Ms Sharpe said.
According to a survey conducted by NSW Labor, almost one in five participants in scheme have withdrawn or are in the process of doing so.
Labor's survey covered 62 per cent of Return & Earn's 225 over-the-counter collection points - mostly corner shops, small businesses and cafes - listed around NSW.
The survey found 20 businesses that are operating and are experiencing problems reported issues including an inability to cope with the influx of people wanting to drop off containers, store the containers or keep them clean and interruption to their business.
Containers are collected and processed through a sorting centre in western Sydney, then sold into both domestic and export markets for recycling.
Although Bashaud Breeland returned an interception of Kellen Clemens' pass 96 yards for a touchdown with 2:36 to play, Washington's defense had few answers while the Chargers racked up 429 yards by midway through the third quarter.
Los Angeles Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers throws a pass to wide receiver Tyrell Williams for a touchdown during the first half of an NFL football game against the Washington Redskins Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Carson, Calif. (AP Photo/Denis Poroy)
CARSON, Calif. (AP) — Although the Los Angeles Chargers' offense is constantly running over its opponents these days, Philip Rivers wasn't sure how he ended up as a lead blocker for receiver Travis Benjamin on a 22-yard reverse run .
“Gracious, I've never been this far down the field in my life since high school,” Rivers thought to himself as he looked for somebody to hit — and his coaches cringed.
But just about everything the Chargers do is working out well lately. After a 30-13 rout of the Redskins on Sunday for their fourth straight victory, they're finding themselves in prime position to compete for a playoff spot.
After their 0-4 start, that's something that seemed even more unlikely than Rivers becoming a blocker.
Rivers passed for 319 yards and two touchdowns, and the Chargers continued their ferocious playoff push with their seventh win in nine games.
Tyrell Williams caught a 75-yard touchdown pass and Hunter Henry had another scoring grab for the Chargers (7-6), who have been largely outstanding ever since that rocky start to their relocation season. This one wasn't in much doubt for the Chargers as they took a 24-point lead and racked up 429 yards of offense midway through the third quarter.
“It's exactly where we want to be,” said Williams, who had four catches for 132 yards. “We hold our own destiny.”
While outscoring their opponents 131-53 during their winning streak, the Chargers also moved above .500 for the first time since September 2015 with a dominant offensive performance against Washington.
With their fourth straight home victory, the Chargers stayed atop the AFC West alongside the Chiefs (7-6), their opponents Saturday in Kansas City.
“I want players to always know what they're playing for, and right now, we're playing for our division,” Chargers coach Anthony Lynn said.
Kirk Cousins hit Vernon Davis with an early TD pass for the Redskins (5-8), who have lost two straight and six of eight. Washington was officially eliminated from playoff contention with three games to go, and this effort rankled several veterans.
“There's no excuse why we're playing like this, because we've played good in the past,” Washington safety D.J. Swearinger said. “You've got to prepare for when you step out on the field Sunday, or you're going to get embarrassed. We got embarrassed today, so guys didn't prepare. Guys didn't take it in. … We've definitely taken steps back (on defense). We had 30 put on us today. Dallas put (38) on us last week. We've taken major steps back.”
Although Bashaud Breeland returned an interception of Kellen Clemens' pass 96 yards for a touchdown with 2:36 to play, Washington's defense had few answers.
“I'm at a loss for words, quite honestly,” Redskins coach Jay Gruden said. “I never thought we'd get beat like these two weeks in a row.”
Melvin Gordon rushed for a third-quarter score before several Los Angeles regulars took most of the fourth quarter off, banking rest for Saturday.
They earned it: Rivers' offense played with confidence and flair, executing reverses and flea-flickers while thoroughly entertaining a crowd with distinctly fewer fans of the opposition than in the Chargers' first few games at StubHub Center.
Los Angeles jumped to a 13-0 lead while scoring on its first three drives and getting a first-quarter interception by Kyle Emanuel, but Washington kept it close by forcing two field goals.
But on the Chargers' first snap after Davis' TD catch, Rivers hit Williams deep downfield for an untouched, 75-yard score.
MISSED CHANCE
Los Angeles had a 23-6 lead when it drove 81 yards in the final 1:25 before halftime. The Chargers only missed out on even more points because Austin Ekeler was tackled on a 33-yard run at the Washington 4 as time ran out. Lynn blamed Ekeler for risking a run to end zone despite knowing he needed to get down.
KEENAN AGAIN
Keenan Allen had six catches for 111 yards in his quietest performance during the Bolts' four-game winning streak. He still set single-season career highs for receptions and yards during the first half for Los Angeles.
BIG PHIL
Rivers passed for 256 yards in the first half. He also moved ahead of Warren Moon for ninth place in NFL history in career yards passing. During the four-game winning streak, Rivers has passed for 1,348 yards with eight touchdowns and no interceptions.
INJURIES
Redskins: Kick returner Byron Marshall's leg buckled underneath him while he moved to field a kickoff in the first quarter. He injured his hamstring and didn't return. … Key LB Zach Brown sprained his toe in the second half and left in a walking boot. He blamed the StubHub Center turf: “That field is crap. It's made for soccer.” … LB Chris Carter broke his leg in the second half.
Chargers: Left tackle Russell Okung went down heavily in the first quarter and limped off the field with a knee injury. He returned later in the first half, however.
UP NEXT
Redskins: Host the Arizona Cardinals on Sunday.
Chargers: Travel to Kansas City on short rest for a first-place showdown with the Chiefs on Saturday.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Mumbai: A week before its scheduled release, the makers of "Aiyaary" are yet to get a censor certificate but actor Sidharth Malhotra is hopeful that the film will hit the screens on time.
The actor was asked about the delay in getting the censor clearance during an event.
"As far as I know, my producers are handling it and it is in the process. They have assured me the film is releasing on time. It is a production aspect and I have complete faith in my team," Sidharth told PTI.
He was talking on the sidelines of the launch of a special Oppo Mobile edition in his name, the "OPPO F5 Sidarth Edition".
When contacted about the same, producer Jayantilal Gada, said, "There is no problem as such. The revising committee will see the film today. There is a screening being held today in Delhi. We are hopeful that the film will be cleared and release on February 9."
'Aiyaary', also starring Manoj Bajpayee, Anupam Kher and Naseeruddin Shah in pivotal roles, is slated for a February 9 release.
PLAINFIELD, Conn. (WTNH) — Plainfield police are investigating accusations that a firefighter engaged in sexual misconduct at the Plainfield fire department.
At 5:30 p.m. last Thursday (August 10th), Plainfield police executed a search and seizure warrant at the Plainfield fire department, located at 620 Norwich Road in Plainfield. The warrant was granted due to an allegation of sexual misconduct by a member of the Plainfield Fire Department, which allegedly occurred at the fire department.
At the time that the warrant was served, fire departments from neighboring towns provided coverage to the town. Officers said that public safety was always the first priority, and at no time was public safety ever at risk while police were at the fire department.
Plainfield police are still conducting their investigation into the alleged sexual misconduct. No one has been charged.
Women's Night Out 2017
Wonder Women Take the Stage
5:00 – 9:00PM
Thursday September 7
Capitol Plaza Hotel Sunflower Ballroom
Click HERE to buy tickets!
Join forces with women in the community for a night of food & drinks, shopping, and entertainment from local wonder women at the 19th Annual Women's Night Out.
Sample delicious food provided by local restaurants as you browse and shop at various vendor booths. Entertainment from local comediennes, dancers, & musicians is sure to delight with Mistress of Ceremonies Danielle Norwood of Alpha Media Topeka
There will be games, raffles, and much more as we raise funds to support the critical programs the YWCA provides.
VIP Table – premium seating for 10: $475.00
General Admission Ticket: $50.00
Student General Admission Ticket: $25.00
For more information about Women's Night Out, click HERE.
Thanks to Superhero Sponsor Westar Energy!
BERLIN (AP) — Authorities say a man has been detained in western Germany on suspicion of financing terrorism.
Police and prosecutors in Saarland state, on the French border, wouldn't give details before a news conference planned later Monday.
They said that the 38-year-old man from Saarbruecken was detained on Saturday, news agency dpa reported.
Goalless draw between Adelaide United and Wellington Phoenix in Wellington. The outcome keeping the Reds' without win race on the road this season in what has been an immemorial challenge of their maiden A-League appellation. The guests were lucky to come out with a point as the Phoenix rained the Adelaide goal late on. Eugene Galekovic reached up big for the protecting champions with a entertain of decisive rescues in wound period to keep the Phoenix at bay. The outcome appears both teams keeping up fixed on the A-League ladder, with Adelaide foot of the table and Wellington in eighth spot. (Wellington Phoenix Football Club) is a New Zealand professional football club located in Wellington. It vies in the Australian A-League, beneath licence from Football Federation Australia. Phoenix came in the contest in the 2007–2008 season after its coming into being in March 2007, by New Zealand Football to put in the place of New Zealand Knights as a New Zealand-based club in the Australian A-League competition. The club is one of the little clubs in the world to vies in a league of a varying union from that of the country where it is based.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Bale was the star of the show in the Champions League final as his brace secured a 13th European title for Real Madrid.
Straight after full-time in Kiev, Bale provided another major talking point as he hinted he could leave the Bernabeu this summer.
The Welshman was visibly annoyed to start on the bench for the showpiece final and has grown frustrated with his position in Zinedine Zidane's squad.
He joined in the celebrations on the pitch but the Mail reports Bale soon left his Real teammates....and entered the Liverpool dressing room.
It is claimed Bale was eager to speak to the likes of Adam Lallana, who he played with at Southampton and spent around 20 minutes with the Liverpool players.
(Image: Michael Regan)
(Image: REUTERS)
His visit is likely to go down well with Reds fans and fuel speculation that he will leave Real this summer.
Bale was also pictured at the back of Real's trophy parade amid reports he is distant from his teammates.
Manchester United are in pole position to land the 28-year-old - although Jose Mourinho fears the eye-watering sum of the transfer could prove to be too much.
Real are making it clear they would want an incredible £200m for Bale, while he is currently pocketing around £650,000-a-week at the Bernabeu.
(Image: Laurence Griffiths)
(Image: REUTERS)
That would mean the total price of the deal would be around £335m, if United sign him on the four-year deal he would want.
Tottenham has first refusal on their former player but would have to shatter their wage structure to take him back to north London.
SIMCOE -
Vera Good has been a trailblazer all her long life.
Born in 1915 she earned a university degree when most of her fellow teachers had only a high school education.
She was one of the first female principals in the Toronto school system and the first female inspector of schools in Ontario.
When she left the schools for TV Ontario in 1965, at a time when women were a rarity in administrative roles, she led the conceptual design and was the first executive producer for the long-running children's series, Polka Dot Door.
When she retired in 1981, she became a consultant, establishing education television in Belize and Jamaica.
But when Good, now 102 and living at Norview Lodge in Simcoe, is asked about the highlights of her life, it's her early days as a teacher that she recalls.
“If you'd take extra time with children who were struggling to read, they were willing. These are kids who could only read a word at a time. When they'd read a whole sentence and they looked up at you and smiled, that's what I remember.”
Good's journey is chronicled in a new biography written by Nancy Silcox called The Exceptional Vera Good, A Life Beyond the Polka Dot Door.
A book launch was held on Sunday at Norview.
The biography is a culmination of interviews Silcox did with Good over more than a year, with the author driving at least once and sometimes twice a week to Simcoe from her home in Kitchener-Waterloo. The two began meeting in March 2015.
“Vera has had more than her share of highlights,” said Silcox. “She lived in India (with the Mennonite Central Committee) during the years when India was gaining independence. She met Mahatma Gandhi and said she was so close to him she said could see the wrinkles on his face. He was assassinated the very next day.”
The book begins at the turn of the century with details of Good's Swiss ancestors, and her birth into an Old Order Mennonite family in Waterloo County.
Silcox said Good's life wasn't without difficulty. She encountered sexism as she climbed the ladder of administration at the board of education.
“She was way ahead of the curve. She had some really tough times. She bumped her head many times against the glass ceiling. It was not a happy part of her life.”
When the government of the day announced the establishment of educational television for children, Silcox said they called on the best educational minds of the time, including Good.
Good, who by then had earned her doctorate, became a significant contributor to the creation of The Polka Dot Door in 1971 for Ontario Education Communications Authority, later known as TVOntario.
The content of the show, which ran from 1971 to 1993, was generally geared towards education and creativity. One of the most well-known elements of the series was the mythical character Polkaroo.
Another feature of the show was “looking through the polka-dot door,” when the camera would zoom into a dot on the door, which would open up to reveal a short educational film.
Silcox believes Good's legacy is two-fold – as a pioneer for women in positions of higher responsibility, and as an advocate for the education of children.
A resident of Simcoe for about 25 years, Good still has a sharp memory and a passion for current events.
She said she never felt like a pioneer.
“When you look at your own life, it seems very mundane and day-to-day,” she said. “And you think, why in the world would a book be written about me?
“But the more risks you take, the more exciting life is.”
The Exceptional Vera Good, A Life Beyond the Polka Dot Door, published by CMU Press, is available at Coles in Simcoe and at Words Worth Books in Waterloo.
Proceeds from the sale of the book go to Strong Start, a charitable organization that helps young children learn to read. The program is in 90 schools in Brant, Haldimand and Norfolk.
mruby@postmedia.com
Consumers will be able to see what percentage of ingredients are Australian with new labels, but it won't include where the other ingredients used are from.
BYRON Bay Brookfarm owners could be up for half a million dollars with new country of origin labelling laws.
New labels showing what percentage of ingredients are from Australia will be compulsory from July 2018.
Brookfarm is one of many Australian producers up for the changes but Brookfarm Co-owner, Pam Brook, said the new laws won't solve the problems it aims to and puts a huge cost burden on producers.
"The new labels don't have to say where the ingredients come from, just what ones are Australian,” Ms Brook said.
Producers are being forced to redesign their packaging to include the Australian made kangaroo logo and a bar chart showing the percentage of Australian ingredients.
New country of origin food labels showing the percentage of Australian ingredients. Photo Contributed Contributed
But the new rules don't apply to all producers: highly processed products like chips and soft drinks are exempt.
"It's frustrating... I don't have a problem with country of origin labelling, if only it were to apply in a fair and equal manner across all industries”.
"In this industry you cant pass those costs on to the consumer, you have to absorb them yourself or the product will become too expensive,” she said.
The federal government announced the change after a string of hepatitis A outbreaks were linked to frozen berries.
Ms Brook said the system was time consuming, confusing and expensive, with 70 packs to change, a minimum of six hours per pack along with further design processes and reviews.
Porridge packets are one of many food products from Brookfarm which have to be redesigned. Photo Mireille Merlet-Shaw / The Northern Star
"The new labels don't take seasonal producers into consideration...they will probably have to change their labels each year,” she said.
Ms Brook said after the re-designed labels are finished they will need to be confirmed correct, but there is no system in place and the government has told them if they are unsure to take legal advice.
"$300-$500 and hour (for legal costs) is not fair on a small producer. We feel unsupported by the government and the new rules aren't transparent enough for the consumer”.
She said the government needs to consider other "lower cost” revenues, such as a barcode scanning apps, "where consumers can look at details of where every ingredient comes from by scanning the product with their phone”.
A native of Columbus, Ohio, Bautz received his baccalaureate degree in engineering from the University of Maryland, Baltimore County. He attained his medical degree from the University of Pittsburgh and completed his residency at Vanderbilt University, before attending Navy Officer Development School in Newport, Rhode Island, and receiving orders to Camp Lejeune, North Carolina.
Bautz has a seemingly intimate relationship with running. He has already participated in seven full marathons, three full Iron Man races along with a handful of other endurance runs, but there's one race in particular he had his heart set on running.
“I think for any runner Boston is always the goal” said Bautz, “It's the thing you strive for and want to do.”
Last October in Chicago was his third time running a Boston Marathon qualifier, which he says was his fastest.
“I was pretty stoked to finally actually get to run it because I have yet to be able to run Boston” said Bautz, “too many things come up.”
But shortly after receiving his official notification of acceptance from the Boston Athletic Association, 'Doc' Bautz received a different notification: his unit, would be deploying as part of the 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit.
Surprisingly, with only seven months of active duty service under his belt, this isn't the first race he has missed a race due to his military obligations.
In October of last year, during the 24th MEU's predeployment training, Hurricane Matthew struck Haiti causing massive devastation to a country that had not fully recovered from a massive earthquake in 2010. The 24th MEU, was immediately ordered to deploy within 48 hours to assist with humanitarian efforts. Bautz deployed with them.
“I was planning to run the Marine Corps Marathon this year but we deployed to Haiti” Bautz said. “We got back a couple days beforehand and it just wasn't really the right time.”
In February, the 24th MEU deployed with the Bataan Amphibious Ready Group aboard, USS Bataan, USS Mesa Verde and USS Carter Hall and are currently supporting maritime security operations and theater security cooperation efforts in European and Middle Eastern areas of operations.
Bautz, however, wasn't willing to throw in the towel by letting a deployment stop him twice.
“I got a spot to run it this year before I found out I was deploying, so I decided I was just going to run it, in spirit, on the ship if the operational tempo allowed for that” said Bautz.
For Bautz, this is his first deployment with his first active duty unit and it will also be the first time in his running career that he will attempt to run a marathon at sea. Due to the limited amount of space, the only option he had was to attempt to run the entire race on a treadmill a feat not without its own set of unique challenges.
The first challenge: the equipment. Each treadmill is set to automatically stop at 60 minutes. This prevents personnel from hogging a machine, but it also reduces wear and tear. Running a Marathon however, requires more than just 60 minutes.
Already receiving the approval of the ship's executive officer, he plans to transition to an open treadmill once the time expires on his. Finding an available treadmill shouldn't be too difficult as both Navy and Marine Officers have volunteered to run with him for support.
Replicating the actual course however is virtually impossible.
“The actual Boston Marathon is a net downhill course, but the ship is so variable” said Bautz. “I'm going to start with the treadmill flat and see how it goes from there. Typically, I wind upsetting the treadmill to a slight incline because with every wave and every time the ship moves you're either going uphill or downhill.”
Bautz says his dedication to military service and his passion for running have quite a few parallels. Perhaps the one thing that stands out to him the most is how both require a great deal of endurance.
“I think the two go hand-in-hand.” Said Bautz. “If something were to happen and we went ashore to do what I was trained to do, you're talking about a scenario where you're going to be up for a lot of hours, going from one patient to the next, and you can't afford to get tired.”
As with his decision to join the Navy, it's a challenge that he takes on with open arms.
“I think there's something cool about taking a goal that seems impossible from a distance, and little by little chipping away at that goal” said Bautz.
It's not completely his internal drive that keeps him going. He draws a lot of support from his family. He chuckles when he recounts telling his mother and fiancé of his decision to run despite being deployed.
“They laughed.” said Bautz. “I don't think they were overly surprised. They were happy that I had a goal.”
Bautz already has plans to run in the Boston Marathon next year and says the BAA has been overwhelmingly receptive.
“Boston's pretty cool and they're very supportive of the military” said Bautz.
When he emailed them after finding out he would be deploying, to tell them he would be unable to this year, the athletic association responded by deferring his current qualifying time for next year's marathon, where Bautz is hopeful that he'll get a spot and an opportunity run it.
He remains resolute in pursuit of his aspiration, even though he is acutely aware that the Boston Marathon will push him in ways he has yet to experience.
“When you show up on that day with a little bit of a question as to whether you can really do it, and then stand on the other side having done it, you prove to yourself that you can do things if you push hard enough” said Bautz. “I think that's a powerful message that people need to tell themselves more often.”
He is especially appreciative of the outpour of love and support that has his mother, family and his fiancé Grace have provided back home where he is most certainly missed.
The 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit is one of three constantly deployed, self-sustaining forces that can be immediately directed to accomplish a variety of missions to include conventional and amphibious operations, tactical recovery of aircraft and personnel, humanitarian assistance, non-combatant evacuation and security operations. Deployed alongside one of the Navy's eight amphibious squadrons, they form the United States' premier maritime and crisis reaction forces, capable of rapidly responding to any contingency. The 24th MEU is currently deployed with the Bataan Amphibious Ready Group.
For the latest information on the 24th Marine Expeditionary unit, go to www.facebook.com/24thMEU and DVIDS at www.dvidshub.net/unit/24MEU.
NEWS INFO Date Taken: 04.17.2017 Date Posted: 04.17.2017 15:05 Story ID: 230613 Location: AT SEA Hometown: COLUMBUS, OH, US Web Views: 4 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, A marathon of dedication, a thousand miles from home., by 2LT Samir Glenn-Roundtree, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
