"The life of a teacher, as I know from personal experience, is very challenging and demanding, but it is also profoundly satisfying," Pope John Paul II said.
The former pontiff was addressing a group of staff and students at the Institute of Catholic Education in Australia in 1986, but the words of his speech, in which he went on to call teaching "more than a job, for it is rooted in our deepest convictions and values," ring true today. More than half a million American students are enrolled in the 1,205 Catholic secondary schools in America, and Niche, a company that specializes in data on educational institutions, recently compiled a ranking to determine the best ones.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Using information sourced from the U.S. Department of Education, Niche users, and the schools directly, the company considered categories including SAT/ACT scores, the quality of colleges that students consider, and student-teacher ratio, among others.
Here are the top 10 Catholic high schools in the country:
1. Regis High School, New York City
2. Delbarton School, Morristown, New Jersey (above)
3. Cistercian Preparatory School, Irving, Texas
4. St. Agnes Academy, Houston, Texas
5. Strake Jesuit College Preparatory School, Houston, Texas
Regis High School on the Upper East Side of Manhattan Jim.henderson / Wikimedia
6. Sacred Heart Schools Atherton, Atherton, California
7. Loyola High School, Los Angeles, California
8. St. Anselm's Abbey School, Washington, D.C.
9. St. Louis Priory School, St. Louis, Missouri
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
10. Woodlands Academy of the Sacred Heart, Lake Forest, Illinois
Guyana Goldfields inks strip-mining contract with Peruvian Company
…Joint partners pledge to use local resources for upcoming project
In an effort to meet higher waste stripping requirements, Canadian Firm, Guyana Goldfields Inc. recently inked an agreement with STRACON International of Peru.
Stripping or strip mining involves the removal of soil and rock followed by the extraction of the exposed mineral.
The open pit mining agreement between Guyana Goldfields and STRACON is expected to last through the end of 2021, based on the projections of mine plan which was released to the press on February 20, 2018.
According to a statement from Guyana Goldfields yesterday, its new partner STRACON, is a leading world class contractor focused on open pit and underground mining in the Caribbean and Latin America.
Guyana Goldfields boasted that STRACON has extensive experience, providing efficient and innovative mining and earthworks services to international mining companies with the highest standards in safety, environment and community relations. STRACON, along with Guyana Goldfields, says it is committed to the employment of local personnel and the utilization of local suppliers of goods and services.
Kaieteur News understands that STRACON participated in a tender process along with other mining contractors for mining of overburden at the Aurora Gold Mine. The press release for the joint venture partners also stated that the mining requirement is to cover a three-and-a-half-year peak in waste mining requirements. This is in excess of Guyana Goldfields' own mining fleet capacity. The partnership with STRACON will allow Guyana Goldfields to focus on mining of gold-containing ore for processing.
STRACON is expected to commence work on July 1, 2018.
Following positive results from accelerating selective underground mining, the Peruvian Company has initiated and continues to advance, the bidding process for the contract mining of the initial underground development.
A site visit for potential underground contract miners has been completed and STRACON has initiated the movement of the previously-purchased underground mining equipment to Guyana. The Company is targeting the commencement of underground development in the fourth quarter of 2018.
Follow @insidefutbol
Manchester City have joined the chase for AS Monaco winger Thomas Lemar, who is also being watched by Chelsea and Bayern Munich.
A product of the SM Caen academy, Lemar joined Monaco in 2015 and has established himself as one of the key creative figures in Leonardo Jardim's squad this season.
Ten goals and seven assists this season mean Lemar has attracted the attention of a few big clubs in Europe and according to French sports daily L'Equipe, Manchester City are keen to take the 21-year-old to England in the summer.
Pep Guardiola is already eyeing areas of the squad he wants to strengthen ahead of next season and it has been suggested that Lemar is one of the players he wants in his team.
However, Manchester City are not the only big name English club after the Monaco winger as it has been claimed that Chelsea have also been keeping watch on him.
And European giants such as Bayern Munich and Atletico Madrid, who had a bid refused by Monaco recently, are also interested in snapping Lemar up in the summer window.
Monaco are aware of the interest in the 21-year-old winger and it has been suggested that they could be willing to negotiate if a club come up with an offer between €30m to €35m.
Lemar has a contract until 2020 with Monaco.
Video
Superintendent Jay Dave is the highest-ranking police officer from a black, Asian or minority ethnic background in Wales.
He joined South Wales Police at the age of 23, and was the first BAME police officer posted to Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Just 1.6% of police officers in Wales are from BAME backgrounds.
Supt Dave said: “We're not going to be a responsive police force that understands all of its communities, without looking like, sounding like and being like all of those things.”
He came to the UK from Tanzania with his family, who are originally from India.
There was no end of intrigue at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show this year.
Rumor, the German shepherd who narrowly lost at last year's show, had come close to simply hanging up her leash and retiring. Instead, she stormed back to win her category again this year — and then, to top it all off, beat out more than 2,800 dogs to take Best in Show on Tuesday, as well.
The triumph makes her only the second German shepherd to win the top prize in Westminster's 141-year history. Considering Westminster is the second-longest continuously running sporting event in the U.S. — second only to the Kentucky Derby — the redemptive win for the 5 1/2-year-old female is no mean feat.
Not only that, but as NPR's Merrit Kennedy noted earlier this month, Westminster also played host to another rarity at this year's dog show: cats. The featured felines shared a showcase with the dogs called Meet & Compete.
Still, whatever words we can offer on the event seem a little beside the point. The dogs — big and small, noble and loony — are the main event.
So, without further throat-clearing, here's what you came for: A few of our very favorite images from the competition.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
It's a drag ‘net.
Cops in North Carolina have served Google with at least five sweeping search warrants demanding the cell phone data for every single person who happened to be in the vicinity of various crimes over the past year, according to a new report.
Police in Raleigh drew circles around the crime scenes of recent murder, sexual battery and arson cases, and successfully secured warrants for the unique account identifiers of anyone with a Google app who was in the area at the time, TV news station WRAL reports.
In one case, the search area spanned 17 acres, encompassing homes and businesses, the station reports.
It's not clear if Google complied or not — and neither party would say — but the returned warrants in several cases note that cops seized “data.” And the police department says it learned of the tactic after the state's Bureau of Investigation secured a similar warrant last year.
The data from Google is an anonymous account number with time-stamped location coordinates, but police planned to use that info to then request names, birth dates and other identifying information from accounts it was interested in.
“We're not getting text messages or emails or phone calls without having to go through a different process and having additional information that might lead us to a specific individual,” Wake County district attorney Wake County District Attorney Lorrin Freeman told WRAL while defending the tactic.
But digital privacy advocates were appalled at what they dubbed a “fishing expedition” that could ensnare anyone with a phone.
“To just say, ‘Criminals commit crimes, and we know that most people have cell phones,' that should not be enough to get the geo-location on anyone that happened to be in the vicinity of a particular incident during a particular time,” Stephanie Lacambra, criminal defense staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation told the news station.
Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather Jr. are actually going to fight. And for the first time, their feud is going to extend out of just social media.
According to USA TODAY Sports, McGregor and Mayweather will meet on Aug. 26 in Las Vegas for a super fight between the UFC superstar and retired 49-0 boxing legend.
But just because they're taking the fight to the ring, it didn't mean McGregor's social media trash talk was going to stop. The moment the news broke, McGregor took to Twitter to troll the 40-year-old boxing legend.
THE FIGHT IS ON. pic.twitter.com/KhW0u3jRft — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) June 14, 2017
McGregor tweeted a photo of himself with a photo of Mayweather's father, Floyd Mayweather Sr.
The UFC star is 12 years younger than Mayweather Jr., so he looked to be mocking Mayweather's age. Or, we've all been played and he's fighting Mayweather Sr.
Yeah, that's not going to happen.
Read more from USA TODAY Sports.
The welterweight division in boxing is rich with talent these days, conjuring memories of the era when Sugar Ray Leonard, Tommy Hearns and Roberto Duran used to battle. Today, the...
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) — President Donald Trump's first visit to New Hampshire as president was soaked in nostalgia for his first campaign — and punctuated with subtle nods to his next one in 2020.
Some Republicans wish he would keep his focus on the election around the corner.
As the GOP faces tremendous challenges in November's midterm elections, Trump and his allies trained their focus this week on the 2020 presidential primary's premier states. The president has also added new staff to his re-election campaign and struggled at times to share the spotlight with congressional candidates who need his help.
Trump's attention to his own political future irked some party loyalists who are furiously preparing for midterm elections this fall, which will decide the House and Senate majorities.
"There is a sense that he should make the congressional campaign committees a bigger priority than his own campaign committee," said Republican strategist Alex Conant.
The early-state focus featured Trump talking opioids Monday in New Hampshire, first daughter Ivanka Trump on the same day promising action on education and infrastructure in Iowa, and Vice President Mike Pence raising money for New Hampshire Republicans on Thursday.
The president took the stage in New Hampshire's largest city to unveil his plan to battle the nation's opioid crisis. But first, the Republican president mused about early campaign stops in the state that fueled his rise to the presidency a few years earlier.
"It's great to be back here in the great state of New Hampshire," said Trump, who recalled the hall at Manchester Community College as the site of one of his first events in the state. "This is the room, right here, so I like this room. This has been a good room."
On its face, the event was focused far more on policy than politics. Yet White House officials acknowledged that any visit to New Hampshire was, by nature, politically strategic. They felt it was time for Trump to revisit a battleground state that would carry great import in the 2020 general election and to guard against any possible Republican primary challenger.
One White House official said that Trump's travel schedule is determined in large part by a desire to repay those who supported him politically in the past. The official was not authorized to publicly discuss the White House's private political motivations and requested anonymity.
Trump hosted his first campaign rally a month after taking office. His re-election campaign aired its first television ad three months later. He held his first 2020 fundraiser the month after that. And earlier this month, he named a re-election campaign manager.
"A lot of people wish the midterms were his singular focus and he wouldn't worry about his re-election right now," Conant said.
Trump hasn't ignored the party's midterm efforts, however.
The president helped generate record fundraising totals for the Republican National Committee. He hosted a fundraiser for Missouri's Republican Senate candidate last week and he's set to host another for the House GOP campaign committee this week.
Trump also campaigned for Pennsylvania Republican Rick Saconne ahead of last week's special congressional election, although the president said little about the GOP candidate during the appearance.
The early state focus comes as Trump eyes an uncertain political future.
Up against the prospect of a GOP electoral disaster this fall — and a special counsel's investigation — Democrats and even some Republicans are already preparing to challenge him in 2020. Just three days before Trump's visit, Republican Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona earned a standing ovation after telling New Hampshire voters that he might launch a primary challenge against the president.
"A brush fire for the White House could turn into a full-on wild fire if they're not careful," said Matt Moore, who previously led the state GOP in South Carolina, which traditionally hosts the third presidential primary contest after Iowa and New Hampshire.
"Particularly in the early primary states, activists can easily feel jilted if they don't feel the love from the White House. This White House is smart to begin its outreach early," Moore said.
A sitting president hasn't lost a primary election in modern history. But even if Trump sails through the 2020 primary, he is expected to face stiff competition from the Democratic nominee later that year in both New Hampshire and Iowa, which are considered general election battlegrounds.
Trump came in second place in Iowa's presidential caucus in 2016. His first primary contest victory didn't come until a week later in New Hampshire. While he lost narrowly the Granite State in the general election, Trump's inner circle has always reminisced fondly about New Hampshire, believing that it wasn't until he won there that they felt like he had a shot at capturing the presidential nomination.
From the stage in Manchester, Trump made no mention of his re-election bid, save a passing reference to serving "seven more years" in office. Yet politics permeated the event. More than 100 protesters stood outside in sub-freezing temperatures to jeer the president's motorcade.
Republican strategist Rick Tyler called Trump's early state focus "premature and unconventional."
"But that doesn't matter to him," Tyler said. "The bigger question the Republican Party has to answer is how do they make Trump an asset in 2018? The answer is I don't know."
___
Peoples reported from New York. Associated Press writer Zeke Miller in Washington contributed to this report.
“I just don't understand why my dog does X, Y or Z.” As a Vet helping animals with their behavior problems in Sydney, this is a phrase I hear over and over again.
So if your dog could talk, here are a few things they might tell you:
1. Whatever you reward me for I will do again
This is rule 101 of dog (and people!) training, but something we often forget. If an unwanted behavior is occurring over and over again, try and find out what is reinforcing it as we need to remove the reinforcement to prevent the behavior occurring again.
For example, when a puppy jumping up at you is being gently pushed off and told “no” each time, this may actually be reinforcing the behavior as any attention is good attention for most puppies.
Remember, a reward doesn't have to be food. Play, attention (even as little as eye contact) and your reactions can all be rewarding for a dog.
2. If I destroy things when you are gone, I am not exacting my revenge on you for leaving
Separation related distress (separation anxiety), is an all too common canine anxiety disorder. Through years of selective breeding, we have selected dogs that are great with people, but often find it hard to cope when left alone.
Signs of separation anxiety include vocalizing (howling, whining and barking), destruction, attempting to escape, not eating food / treats they have been left and pacing behaviors.
3. Not all dogs want to go to dog parks
Dog parks are not for all dogs. I can't emphasize this enough. They can be very stressful for many, who spend their time actively avoiding dog contact or even showing aggression.
Only dogs who enjoy the company of other dogs should be taken to parks — and even then human supervision at all times is needed (it is never OK to leave them while you get a coffee).
4. Please don't punish me
In the past, dominance based dog training was very popular — and many people believed that we needed to be the strong pack leader and put dogs in their place for them to listen to us.
Extensive research shows that this is not the case. We now know wolves often work together and live in social groups but don't perform aggressive dominant behaviors regularly as we used to think.
At best, punishment is an ineffective training method. At worst it increases aggression, decreases the dog's trust in us, increases anxiety and can cause physical harm.
5. Dogs can get dementia too
As our dogs get older, their brains undergo the same ageing processes that ours do. In fact, dogs are often used as models for human brain ageing.
Signs your dog could be suffering from canine cognitive dysfunction (dementia) include: Disorientation, changes to their sleeping patterns, becoming withdrawn or very clingy, an increase in anxiety, becoming confused, toileting in the house and a change in activity level.
If your older dog is showing any of these signs, please bring them to your veterinarian for a full check up, as some other medical conditions can present with similar signs. There are also lots of things we can do to support them as they age.
FILE - This Aug. 14, 2017 file photo provided by the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation shows Charles Manson. Manson's cremated remains have been scattered nearly four months after the cult leader died in prison. A funeral was held Saturday, March 17, 2018, following a court battle for the 83-year-old's remains.
California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation via AP, File)
SPORTS
A UK football player has been banned from the sport for six years following evidence linking him to efforts to manipulate a novelty betting market with UK bookmakers.
On Monday, the UK Gambling Commission (UKGC) revealed that information reported by one of its betting licensees had led the Football Association (FA) to issue a six-year ban against former Lincoln City FC defender Bradley Wood. The ban stemmed from 25 breaches of the FA's Integrity and Betting Rules involving Lincoln City's matches against Burnley and Ipswich Town FC during the 2017 FA Cup.
According to the formal investigation report, in both matches, Wood (pictured) was issued yellow cards for deliberate fouls very late in the proceedings (in the 90th minute of the Ipswitch match). The FA determined that Wood intentionally sought to be cautioned in order to influence betting markets on whether or not he'd receive a yellow card.
The UKGC forwarded the information it received from its licensee to the FA. The bettors apparently failed to grasp the concept of discretion, as of the seven individuals who placed wagers on Wood being cautioned in the two matches, none of them had previously wagered on any caution betting markets. In fact, four of the bettors were using their accounts for the very first time.
Moreover, all of the bettors were placing larger bets on Wood being carded than anything they'd bet previously, and five of these seven wagers were the maximum stake allowed by the operator for that type of market. Bookmaker William Hill claimed to have never previously taken a four-figure wager on the ‘to be carded' market.
It turns out that two of the bettors were Wood's close friends, while some of the other bettors were friends of these friends. An analysis of text messages between Wood and some of these bettors showed an unusual flurry of activity ahead of each match, although the content of these messages wasn't disclosed (deliberately withheld from investigators, in the FA's view).
The FA further notes that Wood's financial situation was in “a parlous state” at the time of the incidents, which they claim is further motive for involvement in a betting scam.
Wood's defense cited the foul in the 90th minute of the Ipswitch match, suggesting that if he was truly trying to game the system he wouldn't have left it so late. His defense also took exception to the description of his financial situation as ‘parlous,' saying that while he “may not be particularly affluent” he was holding his own.
All told, the FA believed the preponderance of circumstantial evidence put the burden of proof onto Wood, who declined to show up to testify at his hearing. The FA believes Wood was a no-show because “there is no live evidence from him to contradict the FA's case.”
In the end, Wood was found guilty, and in addition to his playing ban he was fined £3,725 and ordered to pay costs of £1,550.
Novelty betting markets in which a player has a direct ability to influence the outcome are having a particularly bad month. UK-licensed Sun Bets was just fined by the UKGC for the operator's role in 2017's infamous PieGate incident, and the offering of a market “which carried a risk of inciting an individual to breach a sports governing body's rules.”
Comments
HOUSTON — A Houston 18-year-old has been arrested and charged with illegally distributing explosive-making information and attempting to support the Islamic State organization.
The U.S. Justice Department said Monday that Kaan Sercan Damlarkaya, a U.S. citizen, was arrested on Dec. 8 following an undercover FBI operation. A statement says Damlarkaya said he intended to travel overseas and fight for IS and said he tried to get to Syria twice. He told agents that he would commit a U.S. attack if efforts to travel overseas failed.
It also says Damlarkaya provided to alleged IS supporters a formula for explosive Triacetone Triperoxide and instructions how to use it in a pressure cooker device containing shrapnel.
If convicted, he faces a possible 20-year maximum prison term. The U.S. has designated IS as a terrorist organization.
President Donald Trump said talks on a revised Nafta are “doing very nicely” as ministers from the U.S., Mexico and Canada meet in Washington to try to push for an agreement by early May.
“Nafta as you know is moving along,” Trump said in a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday in Washington. “I could make a deal very quickly but I'm not sure that's in the best interest of the United States. We'll see what happens, but we're doing very well.”
Under optimistic conditions, negotiators have a 75 percent chance of reaching a deal soon, Moises Kalach, the trade head for the Mexican business chamber known as CCE, said in an interview with Grupo Formula radio. An agreement on an updated North American Free Trade Agreement could be reached in the next 10 days, he said.
If no deal is reached in the coming days, it could make sense to put negotiations on hold until the end of the year or early 2019, given the presidential election in Mexico in July and the U.S. congressional midterm vote in November, Kalach said.
Negotiating teams have agreed on nine or 10 more topic areas that are ready for ministers' review and approval, Kalach said. Even so, wide differences remain on some of the toughest issues, such as tightening up the rules of origin for cars and their components, aimed at boosting American manufacturing but that could upend existing supply chains.
Negotiators have also finished work on the telecommunications chapter, two people familiar with the talks said last week, asking not to be identified discussing private negotiations.
Washington Talks
Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo and Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland both sounded optimistic notes as they arrived at the U.S. Trade Representative's Office in Washington on Tuesday for meetings.
Entering the building, Freeland lauded progress on rules of origin for automobiles produced in North America, and said the topic would be the main focus of her talks on Tuesday.
Discussion are in an intensive stage and a successful outcome for all three sides is possible, Freeland told reporters.
“Any day that there are talks you work toward a goal,” Guajardo told reporters before gong into the USTR. “Nobody can guarantee that you will achieve it. It depends on the commitment and flexibility around the table.”
May Deal
Trump's negotiators have been pushing for a deal by early May. That would meet the U.S. timeline for having an agreement approved, at the latest, by the lame-duck session that will follow U.S. congressional elections on Nov. 6, said two people familiar with the negotiations.
Guajardo this month said he sees an 80 percent chance of an agreement by the first week of May. Negotiators are also rushing for a deal as Mexico approaches elections on July 1. Mexican left-wing presidential candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, who has stoked investor concern with talk of canceling an airport and slowing an oil-industry opening, has consistently led in polls.
This week's talks are set to cover the most ground since the final official negotiating round in Mexico City in early March, according to a preliminary agenda obtained by Bloomberg. Topics include automotive rules, agriculture, and legal and institutional matters such as dispute settlement mechanisms.
— With assistance by Sarah McGregor, Josh Wingrove, and Randy Woods
Obaseki bans private tax collectors in Edo
Jethro Ibileke/Benin It was a sad new year for private tax collectors in Edo State, contracted during the administration of immediate past Governor Adams Oshiomhole to collect levies for the State Government. Governor Godwin Obaseki announced ban of their activities on Sunday morning in his new year state-wide broadcast aired on radio and television stations. “I must quickly mention that one issue that continues to agitate Edo people is the lawless activities of some individuals who persist in harassing and extorting innocent citizens under the guise of collecting taxes and levies.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Four NYPD officers who responded to the Halloween terror attack on a lower Manhattan bike path were honored Monday at City Hall.
Officers Ryan Nash, Michael Welsome, Kevin McGinn and John Hasiotis received proclamations from the City Council for their work in helping to nab terror suspect Sayfullo Saipov — who is accused of using a truck to mow down at least 20 pedestrians on a bike path on Oct. 31, killing eight.
Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito coincidentally presented the proclamations the same day Akayed Ullah allegedly detonated a bomb under the Port Authority Bus Terminal.
“Officers Nash, Hasiotis, Welsome and McGinn embody the tremendously selfless spirit and dedication of the NYPD,” Mark-Viverito said. “The council is proud to recognize them today for their quick thinking and brave efforts to stop the terrorist attack in October.”
Nash and Hasiotis were responding to an unrelated call at Stuyvesant HS when they learned of a car crash outside. Spotting Saipov, Nash shot him in the abdomen and Hasiotis secured the crime scene.
Welsome and McGinn collected the suspect's weapons.
Image caption People taking the drugs has become a big issue in Derby
A mobile police station has been set up in Derby to try and crack down on the use of illegal psychoactive drugs, such as Black Mamba and Spice.
It follows concerns in the St Peter's Cross area about anti-social behaviour and people in "zombie-like" states after taking the substances.
Supt Tracy Harrison said the temporary measure is to reassure people the city is safe to visit.
Arrests have been made and dispersal orders issued to deal with the problem.
Live updates from the East Midlands
Image copyright Derbyshire Police Image caption Officers filmed two young men under the influence of synthetic cannabinoids in Derby
A number of people have recently been seen in the city centre hallucinating and stupefied after apparently taking synthetic cannabinoid drugs, formerly known as "legal highs".
Supt Harrison said: "We've made a number of arrests, we've seized a number of drugs and taken action against those persons causing the disorder in the city.
"What we really want to encourage over the next couple of weeks is to engage with people coming into the city reassuring them that it is a safe place and we are dealing with the issue that's there."
Officers from the Derby city centre neighbourhood team will operate the office at different times throughout the week.
Image copyright Derbyshire Police Image caption The mobile police station will be located in the St Peter's Cross area of Derby
A 37-year-old man, who had apparently been taking Black Mamba, died in Nottingham on Saturday.
He was pronounced dead at an address on London Road, while a 39-year-old man was taken to hospital in a non life-threatening condition.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Take a drive down Bardstown Road near the Watterson ramp and you'll notice things look different. There's a new Costco and Chick-fil-a about to open.
All the business is something people living in Bon Air were hungry for.
"The residents feel better and I feel better," Councilman Pat Mulvihill said. He explained the development has spurred a resurgence.
"The Starbucks is fairly new," Mulvihill said. "The car wash… I got my car washed today."
The two major problems the area faced came in the form of hotels; these were considered hotbeds for drugs and crime. First, there was America's Best which is being gutted and transformed into a Wingate Hotel.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Public forum addresses financial future of KFC Yum! Center
+ Ft. Knox renames and reflags brigade for Flag Day
+ Barber shop owner shot on the job returns to work
Then there was the Economy Inn, renamed Budgetel Inn & Suites under its new franchise.
"Two years ago, of course, I don't feel as good," Tony Yaldo, one of the owners, said. "But now I do."
Yaldo said they've spent $1.5 million to remodel the rooms, including adding security cameras. Stricter policies are now enforced, like requiring a license to rent a room. He said the new businesses have helped him too.
"It brings better clientele here, better for business," he said. "It's the best thing that ever happened."
Home prices show the results. They've gone up by 4% in the last 12 months according to Cheryl Johnson, a broker with Keller Williams Realty. She said realtors are having good luck selling them.
"There've been some improvements but there's always room for additional improvements," Johnson said.
Mulvihill said that the calls for service at the Budgetel have gone down, but there still have been arrests.
He hopes the hotel continues to find ways to keep the trouble out.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Uber and Lyft are coughing up refunds to passengers who got slapped with surge pricing as they hopped into cars to flee the Port Authority bombing on Monday.
In the immediate aftermath of the blast — which forced a complete shutdown of the Times Square subway station — users of the popular ride-hailing apps were hit with fares that were jacked up 2.5 times normal rates.
Many took to Twitter to gripe about the move, which some described as taking advantage of a terrorist attack.
“Within minutes of seeing reports of an incident, we disabled dynamic pricing in the area,” Uber spokeswoman Alix Anfang said.
“In addition, we are proactively refunding riders for dynamic pricing on affected trips in the area.” Nevertheless, drivers will get to keep their shares of the jacked-up fare prices, she added.
A Lyft spokesperson also said that the company was working to reimburse passengers who incurred higher prices in the Port Authority area.
“Our thoughts are with those injured and impacted by this morning's events,” the spokesperson added.
It is not the first time that Uber has found itself in hot water over surge pricing. Separately on Monday, a Toronto man was forced to shell out more than $14,400 for a 5-mile Uber ride, when a glitch in surge pricing caused his bill to skyrocket.
In January, Uber inadvertently launched the #DeleteUber movement when it turned off surge pricing at JFK during the NY Taxi Workers Alliance boycott following President's Trump first attempt at putting his travel ban into effect.
BlurryMe/Shutterstock
Common knowledge says that parents should discourage their children from lying. However, a little deception every now and then might not be such a bad thing, psychologists say.
A growing body of research has found that lying indicates developmental progress in children, which could signal higher levels of intelligence and empathy. (This is the real reason kids with ADHD lie, especially.) According to a recent paper published in the journal Developmental Science, children who understand that beliefs can be subjective are more likely to lie than children who have a more objective approach to reality.
For the study, a team of researchers gathered a group of preschoolers once per day for 10 days in a row. Each session involved a game in which the preschoolers could win prizes by tricking an adult about the location of the treats, which they had hidden around the room.
Some of the children caught on quickly, consistently deceiving the adult in order to win the game and earn as many treats as they could. As for those who did not understand the strategy? They never figured out how to lie and lost the game every session.
The researchers believe that the children who succeeded at the game had a more intuitive sense into how others think and perceive the world, as well as how those beliefs could be altered by new information. That can lead to important life skills later on, according to NYU researcher Marjorie Rhodes.
“Understanding how other people come to their beliefs allows children to communicate more effectively, to develop better relationships with their peers, and to engage in more elaborate and collaborative pretend play,” Rhodes wrote for NPR. Plus, children with these skills could grow up to be effective teachers and communicators, she says.
For now, the studies in this area remain small and observational. More research is still needed to determine how and why a link between lying and intelligence could exit. Plus, regardless of upsides, most parents want to be able to spot fact from fiction. These telltale clues will almost certainly reveal a liar—even if it's your own child.
[Source: NPR]
Image caption Willie Rennie is to sit down with Mike Russell in a bid to win Scottish government backing for a second Brexit vote
Scotland's Brexit minister is to meet Scottish Lib Dem leader Willie Rennie to discuss backing for a fresh referendum on the final Brexit deal.
Mike Russell is to sit down with Mr Rennie to discuss backing for the Lib Dem campaign for another vote.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said a referendum on the final Brexit deal could prove "hard to resist".
Mr Rennie called the meeting a "welcome step forward", but UK ministers insist they will make a success of Brexit.
Former Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has also declared her backing for a fresh Brexit vote.
SNP politicians have previously been critical of Mr Rennie for demanding a second EU referendum while strenuously opposing one on Scottish independence.
However, in an interview with the New Statesman magazine, Ms Sturgeon said the case for a second referendum could grow, calling the Brexit process "a complete and utter car crash".
She said: "The very fact that we have no idea what the final outcome might look like suggests there is a case for a second referendum that I think there wasn't in 2014. It may become very hard to resist."
'Build momentum'
In a written reply to a letter from Mr Rennie requesting a meeting, Ms Sturgeon said her government was "fully committed to ensuring that Scotland's interests are protected", saying that she would work "across parties and across sectors" to do this.
Brexit is also set to be a key topic at the SNP conference, with two resolutions to be debated and ten fringe events on the topic organised across the three days.
Mr Rennie said there was "support from across the political spectrum for a clear approach to Brexit".
He said: "There are colleagues across all parties in the UK who support this position and I urge them to join this movement a build the momentum further."
Prime Minister Theresa May has insisted that "the people have decided and we have taken their instruction".
She told the Conservative Party Conference in Manchester: "Britain is leaving the European Union in March 2019.
"I know some find the negotiations frustrating, but if we approach them in the right spirit - a spirit of co-operation and friendship, with our sights set firmly on the future - I am confident we will find a deal that works for Britain and Europe too."
FILE - In this Dec. 18, 2015 file photo, Chief of Police Thomas Synan Jr., of the Newtown Police Department, speaks to the media at the scene of a traffic stop arrest in Newtown, Ohio. As President Donald Trump heads to Ohio to focus on the new tax overhaul, some would like to hear more about his plans to fight drug overdoses. Synan Jr says he found Trump's comments on opioids in his State of the Union address to be more strong words without strong actions. But a police union leader says he believes Trump was spot-on about the scope of the problem. John Minchillo AP Photo
MOUNTAIN VIEW — UCLA football coach Chip Kelly sat in the stands Friday night at St. Francis to watch four-star recruit Tyler Manoa and the rest of the Lancers take on rival Mitty on the hardwood instead of the gridiron.
Also in attendance was San Jose State football coach Brent Brennan, a St. Francis alum, along with several members of his staff to make a recruiting pitch for Junior Fehoko.
It seems the Lancers are quite the hot spot with national signing day less than a week away.
“I guess,” St. Francis boys basketball coach Mike Motil said when asked about the high-profile figures in the gym. “They're football guys, I don't really know.”
St. Francis senior Logan Johnson already signed his national letter of intent months ago to play college basketball at Cincinnati, and it's easy to see why the No. 8-ranked Bearcats covet the 6-foot-2 guard.
The Lancers pushed the tempo in the second half of an 81-62 victory over Mitty, with Johnson running the fastbreak to near perfection whenever he wasn't breaking down the defense off the dribble.
“We started to find people better,” said Johnson, one of five Lancers to crack double digits with 17 points. “And when you have three, four, five shooters, it makes the game a lot harder to guard because you could dish it out. And I have anybody I can pass it and hit from the arc.”
In the topsy-turvy landscape of the West Catholic Athletic League, it didn't get more up and down than this week for Mitty.
On Tuesday, the Monarchs (7-13, 5-5 WCAL) broke a 24-game winning streak in league belonging to first-place Bellarmine with a 67-56 win at home.
It was a different story on the road against St. Francis (16-4, 8-2), which finds itself one game behind in the standings.
“They were a determined team tonight and we didn't have that same that I think we had against Bellarmine on Tuesday,” said Mitty coach Tim Kennedy, whose team trailed 34-29 at the half. “It led us to missing some 50/50 balls, and when you're playing hard shots go in. And they were sharing the ball and getting some good looks. Credit to them for knocking those down.
“But they kind of controlled the tempo all night. And we kind of withstood it in the first half and kind of hung around by five points, then that third quarter was rough for us.”
• Bellarmine 81, Valley Christian 69: Bellarmine bounced back with a victory on its home court. Reggie Jackson — Mr. October — attended the game, noting on Twitter that he was there to watch his godson Kendall Stubblefield. The Bells improved to 17-3, 9-1, maintaining a one-game lead over St. Francis.
(Check back later for more quotes and details on St. Francis-Mitty.)
Igbo quit notice: Lai Mohammed reveals Osinbajo's strategy in resolving crisis
The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, on Wednesday outlined measures the Acting President, Yemi Osinbajo is undertaking in neutralising the anxiety created by the three months ultimatum issued by Northern youths asking Igbos to vacate their region. Addressing State House Correspondents at the end of the weekly Federal Executive Council, FEC, meeting, at […]
Igbo quit notice: Lai Mohammed reveals Osinbajo's strategy in resolving crisis
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Canadian pastor serving a life sentence in North Korea was freed on "humanitarian" grounds because of his health, the country's state-run news agency said.
Hyeon Soo Lim was convicted and sentenced to hard labor for life in December 2015 after North Korea accused him of trying to overthrow the regime. He was first arrested in February 2015, but details about the 62-year-old's condition were not provided by the Korean Central News Agency, which said he was released on "sick bail."
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau confirmed the release Thursday and said he was "pleased and relieved" the pastor "will soon be reunited with his family and friends in Canada."
"Pastor Lim's health and well-being remain of utmost importance to the Government of Canada, and we are working to ensure that he receives any required medical attention," he added.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed From 2015: North Korean Court Sentences Canadian Pastor to Life In Prison 0:36 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The family said in a statement that they were "relieved" and "grateful" he is being allowed to return to Canada. Details of when the pastor would return home were not provided.
The sudden release of Lim, also known as Rim Hyon Su, comes amid flaring tensions between North Korea and the United States. On Tuesday, President Donald Trump told the isolated nation thatany threat to America would be met with "fire and fury." Hours later, the North responded by saying it was "seriously reviewing" a plan to strike the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.
Lim is affiliated with the Toronto-area Light Korean Presbyterian Church, one of the largest churches in Canada. Members have said he visited North Korea regularly since 1997 — when the country was gripped by extreme famine — to organize orphanages and nursing homes.
Related: Three Americans Still Held by North Korea Following Otto Warmbier's Release
But Pyongyang charged that he used religion to undermine the government and sought to help North Korean citizens leave the country. In other cases of foreign missionaries being detained, the totalitarian government has accused them of anti-state crimes under the guise of offering humanitarian aid.
At his 2015 sentencing, Lim told the court: "I deeply, deeply apologize from my heart for my indescribable treason."
Human rights groups say it's not uncommon for prisoners to provide a coerced confession.
Lim had been held with at least three other Americans who remain detained.
A fourth American, college student Otto Warmbier, was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor in March 2016. He mysteriously fell ill during his imprisonment — the North claimed it was a combination of botulism and a sleeping pill — and was released to a U.S. hospital, where he died in June.
Related: Family of Pastor Imprisoned in North Korea Concerned After Warmbier's Death
After Warmbier's death, the Lim family called for Canada to be more aggressive in ensuring their patriarch's release and questioned the status of his health.
"The family is very concerned at this point," family spokeswoman Lisa Pak said in June, according to Reuters. "They are hoping the Canadian government will turn (efforts) up a few notches in terms of active diplomacy and really start engaging."
Canada does not have an embassy in North Korea. But a Swedish ambassador visited Lim earlier this year on behalf of the country, and said he was in decent health, according to Pak.
She said in a statement Thursday that the family is "anxious" for Lim's return and that they want him to meet his granddaughter for the first time.
"There is a long way to go in terms of Reverend Lim's healing, therefore, in the meantime we ask the media for privacy as he reconnects with his loved ones and receives medical attention," the family said.
Jim Impoco, who had shepherded Newsweek through most of the turmoil that rocked parent company IBT Media last summer, was himself given the old heave-ho as editor-in-chief of the weekly on Tuesday after 3 ¹/₂ years at the title.
Matt McAllester, who had been editing the international edition out of London, will run both editions.
Last year, as IBT's losses mounted, it fired about 30 staffers from its roster of digital publications. Seven were cut at Newsweek. Impoco, a veteran of Fortune, the New York Times and Portfolio, who had successfully resurrected a print version after IBT purchased it from Barry Diller's IAC/InterActiveCorp in 2013, pushed to have Newsweek considered its own cost center within the company to try to shield it from further cuts as it eked out a tiny profit.
The switch at the top, first reported by Politico, was engineered by the new IBT CEO Dev Pragad. He had arrived from Britain as CEO last fall and had previously worked with McAllester, who shared a Pulitzer Prize earlier in his career at Newsday.
Pragad did not return a call seeking comment — but in his Tuesday memo said, “Matt and I share the same vision for Newsweek, one that expands our reach and influence and grows our audience across the globe, and will enable us to build upon an already excellent editorial team in both the US and the UK.”
Of course insiders worry that with Impoco gone, more cuts are on the way.
Image copyright Getty Images
"Historic" legislation to offer greater protection and powers to Scotland's island communities has been passed.
The Islands (Scotland) Bill was unanimously backed by MSPs at Holyrood.
It gives island councils extra powers over activities on and around their coastlines and requires ministers to have a long-term plan for improvement.
Islands minister Humza Yousaf said the passage of the bill was "an important milestone for island communities".
MSPs also agreed an amendment to the bill barring public bodies from putting Shetland in a box on maps of Scotland.
The bill includes the creation of a "national islands plan" to set a long-term improvement strategy, extended powers for island councils over areas like marine licensing, and protection for the boundaries of the Holyrood constituency of Na h-Eileanan an Iar.
The new requirement on maps of Shetland came through an amendment from the islands' MSP Tavish Scott.
He called for a requirement on any public bodies publishing documents including maps of Scotland to display them "in a manner that accurately and proportionately represents their geographical location in relation to the rest of Scotland".
Image caption Islands minister Humza Yousaf said island communities had "contributed hugely" to Scotland
The Lib Dem MSP said the common practice of placing Shetland in a box off the Aberdeenshire coast or Moray Firth was "intensely annoying" to islanders and gave a false impression of the challenges they face on account of their remote location.
Mr Yousaf accepted that this was a "really serious issue" in perception of the islands. He amended Mr Scott's amendment to insert a get-out for public bodies to break the mapping rule if they could provide a good reason why, and MSPs unanimously supported the move with this change.
'Contribute hugely'
In the final debate, Mr Yousaf said the bill was "unique", as "one of the world's first and only place-based laws".
He said: "That is entirely fitting for our islands, which contribute so much to our culture, our landscape, our heritage, which have inspired poets, songwriters, composers, artists, and which attract visitors from near and afar.
"They have contributed hugely to our past and our present, and with this bill and other measures will now have the opportunity to contribute even further to their own and our collective futures."
Image copyright BBC/Timeline Films Image caption Newly devolved powers include giving island councils greater control of activities along their coasts
Scottish Conservative MSP Peter Chapman welcomed the bill and amendments that were made by opposition parties, but warned that island communities must be properly resourced.
He said: "Across this chamber there has been a tone of hope and expectation for what this bill will achieve for our island communities.
"But it must also be recognised that much of the disadvantages faced by our island communities can only be addressed if there is necessary money allocated to make things happen. Without that budgetary commitment, many of the aspirations contained in this bill will remain just that. I sincerely hope that is not where we end up."
'Drift of centralisation'
Labour's Colin Smyth also welcomed the bill, but it "could have gone further" by giving more powers to island local authorities".
He said: "We would have liked to have seen the bill devolve more powers to our island communities, really empowering those communities, putting local experience and expertise at the heart of decision-making - and in doing so, reversing the drift of centralisation in Scotland in recent years.
"More and more powers have rightly come to the Scottish Parliament from the UK parliament, yet little has been done to devolve power from this parliament to our local councils."
Green MSP John Finnie also hailed the bill as an "excellent example of cross-party work".
He said: "It's a good template for how we should be doing business, and I do think it will turn out to be a historic piece of legislation."
WASHINGTON — For the past several years, the occasion of Nowruz, the Persian new year, has drawn short and simple statements of warm springtime greetings from the US government. Not so this year from the Trump administration.
Addressing the Iranian people, US President Donald Trump said that citizens of the proud nation of Iran today face "rulers who serve themselves instead of serving the people" – a government that "brutalizes and steals" from its citizens and fundamentally corrupts and mismanages the country.
"Twenty-five centuries ago, Darius the Great asked God to protect Iran from three dangers: hostile armies, drought, and falsehood," Trump said. "Today, the Iranian regime's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) represents all three.""Since 2012, the IRGC has spent more than $16 billion of Iran's wealth to prop up the Assad regime and support militants and terrorists in Syria, Iraq, and Yemen," the president's statement continues. "Meanwhile, the average Iranian family is 15 percent poorer today than it was 10 years ago, and nearly 30 percent of Iran's youth are unemployed. Ordinary Iranians struggle economically and find it difficult to celebrate holidays like Nowruz."Trump reiterated his support for protesters who took to the streets at the start of the year with economic woes, claiming they "are fighting to reclaim their rights.""They long for a springtime of hope, and the United States stands with the Iranian people in their aspirations to connect to the wider world and have a responsible and accountable government that truly serves their nation's interests," he said.The State Department issued a shorter, less sharpened statement, wishing Iranians – as well as those celebrating throughout central Asia – "best wishes as they gather around the Haftsin, cooking, feasting, dancing, singing, and spending time with family and friends."Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama, used his Nowruz messages to appeal to the Iranian people for better relations, and after brokering a nuclear deal with Tehran and international powers in 2015, to laud the diplomatic achievement.The current president is weighing whether to scrap the agreement in May.
Then in September, on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly, Trump discussed it again, this time at greater length, in a private dinner with leaders from four Latin American allies that included Santos, the same three people said and Politico reported in February.
The U.S. official said Trump was specifically briefed not to raise the issue and told it wouldn't play well, but the first thing the president said at the dinner was, “My staff told me not to say this.” Trump then went around asking each leader if they were sure they didn't want a military solution, according to the official, who added that each leader told Trump in clear terms they were sure.
- Advertisement -
Eventually, McMaster would pull aside the president and walk him through the dangers of an invasion, the official said.
Taken together, the behind-the-scenes talks, the extent and details of which have not been previously reported, highlight how Venezuela's political and economic crisis has received top attention under Trump in a way that was unimaginable in the Obama administration. But critics say it also underscores how his “America First” foreign policy at times can seem outright reckless, providing ammunition to America's adversaries.
The White House declined to comment on the private conversations. But a National Security Council spokesman reiterated that the U.S. will consider all options at its disposal to help restore Venezuela's democracy and bring stability. Under Trump's leadership, the U.S., Canada and European Union have levied sanctions on dozens of top Venezuelan officials, including Maduro himself, over allegations of corruption, drug trafficking and human rights abuses. The U.S. has also distributed more than $30 million to help Venezuela's neighbors absorb an influx of more than 1 million migrants who have fled the country.
For Maduro, who has long claimed that the U.S. has military designs on Venezuela and its vast oil reserves, Trump's bellicose talk provided the unpopular leader with an immediate if short-lived boost as he was trying to escape blame for widespread food shortages and hyperinflation. Within days of the president's talk of a military option, Maduro filled the streets of Caracas with loyalists to condemn “Emperor” Trump's belligerence, ordered up nationwide military exercises and threatened with arrest opponents he said were plotting his overthrow with the U.S.
“Mind your own business and solve your own problems, Mr. Trump!” thundered Nicolas Maduro, the president's son, at the government-stacked constituent assembly. “If Venezuela were attacked, the rifles will arrive in New York, Mr. Trump,” the younger Maduro said. “We will take the White House.”
Even some of the staunchest U.S. allies were begrudgingly forced to side with Maduro in condemning Trump's saber rattling. Santos, a big backer of U.S. attempts to isolate Maduro, said an invasion would have zero support in the region. The Mercosur trade bloc, which includes Brazil and Argentina, issued a statement saying “the only acceptable means of promoting democracy are dialogue and diplomacy” and repudiating “any option that implies the use of force.”
But among Venezuela's beleaguered opposition movement, hostility to the idea of a military intervention has slowly eased.
A few weeks after Trump's public comments, Harvard economics professor Ricardo Hausmann, a former Venezuelan planning minister, wrote a syndicated column titled “D Day Venezuela,” in which he called for a “coalition of the willing” made up of regional powers and the U.S. to step in and support militarily a government appointed by the opposition-led national assembly.
Mark Feierstein, who oversaw Latin America on the National Security Council during the Obama administration, said that strident U.S. action on Venezuela, however commendable, won't loosen Maduro's grip on power if it's not accompanied by pressure from the streets. However, he thinks Venezuelans have largely been demoralized after a crackdown on protests last year triggered dozens of deaths, and the threat of more repression has forced dozens of opposition leaders into exile.
“People inside and outside the administration know they can ignore plenty of what Trump says,” Feierstein, who is now a senior adviser at the Albright Stonebridge Group, said of Trump's talk of military invasion of Venezuela. “The concern is that it raised expectations among Venezuelans, many of whom are waiting for an external actor to save them.”
The Fort Lauderdale shooting suspect claimed two months ago that the government had been forcing him to watch ISIS videos — and even went to an FBI office to tell authorities — before he was eventually thrown in a mental hospital, a report says.
A man believed to be Esteban Santiago apparently stopped by a bureau office in Anchorage, Alaska last year to tell them of the alleged abuse, according to CBS News.
FBI agents were so worried about the 26-year-old that they brought him to a mental facility for treatment, sources said.
My second open letter to President Granger
Dear Editor,
Thank you for publishing my first open letter to President Granger. This is my second. My missive follows: Dear President Granger, by now, any reasonable thinking person would expect that your administration would have rolled out some sort of program, designed to provide massive employment for our youths, perhaps a few leadership programs and some sort of empowerment system for our women. To date, all we got from your administration is lip service, arrogance from a few of your ministers, and ineptitude from others.
As a citizen of this potentially great nation, and the leader of a new political party, I find it necessary to confront you on these and other issues. Rather than spending millions of wasted dollars on projects that are not necessary and placing billions of dollars in the hands of some REOs who give out questionable contracts to their friends and party comrades who really cannot justify their work, or establishing a Consulate in Trinidad which we do not need at this time, why not invest in our youths, women and children?
Mr. President, have you ordered an audit recently into the spending of some REOs? Have you or any of your ministers, bothered to take notice of how almost all of the REOs in different regions, went from rags to riches almost overnight? Mr. President the REO Management system under your administration is worst that it was under the former PPP administration. A good case in point to note is the former REO of Region 9 who was just charged with a criminal offence and subsequently placed on $200,000 bail. I am not commenting on the case; one is innocent until proven guilty. I am just stating a fact and it is a fact he is charged
Mr. President, the regional system is broken, just like your promises to our youths. This is just my observation on a few matters. It is called corruption right under your nose.
Michael Ryan, Ms. – JD
General Secretary
Justice Reform and Democracy
Jarrett Allen is too humble to call himself a replacement for Brook Lopez, who spent a decade as the face of the Nets.
But successor or heir apparent might do, the rookie center said.
“I wouldn't call it replacing Brook. Brook is one of a kind, I hear,” Allen said after scoring a career-high 20 points Friday in a 102-99 loss to the Lakers. Lopez, the Nets' all-time leading scorer, had 19 for the Lakers. “It was good. He was the face of the franchise here and now I'm here trying to become the face, too. So just going back and forth, it's a good challenge.”
Facing star centers night after night as a raw, spindly 19-year-old is a tough challenge. More and more, however, Allen is proving himself up to the task.
“Oh, man, growing by leaps and bounds every time he's stepping on the floor,” Spencer Dinwiddie said of Allen, the second-youngest Net to crack 20 points, after Clifford T. Robinson in 1979-80.
“And at 19 knowing that he'll probably have at least 13 or 14 years left to continue to improve … so he's got 13 years to get better. That's crazy. At the rate he's going, there is no ceiling.”
With a 7-foot-5-½ wingspan, the tools are there. Allen fell to the Nets, who play the Bucks on Sunday at Barclays Center, at the 22nd pick in the 2017 draft because of doubts concerning his passion for the game. But in the annual general manager survey, he got the fifth-most votes for “biggest steal” in the draft, and so far he appears to be just that.
“His intelligence has been well-documented. That's part of the reason why he's such a quick study. But I think there's a humility. He's a very humble kid, and that allows him to continue to grow,” said Dinwiddie, acutely aware of the pre-draft critiques of Allen's passion. “The most underrated part about Jarrett is his passion. He has a passion for the game, and wants to win and wants to play. That's part of the improvement because if he didn't care he wouldn't keep improving.”
That improvement led to Allen wresting the starting position away from Tyler Zeller three games ago. He has topped double-figures in six straight games, averaging 13.7 points (second on the team) on torrid 80.5 percent shooting, while grabbing a team-high 7.2 rebounds.
Allen's 72.2 percent shooting in January is the best month by a Net since 1983-84, and for any NBA player this season with at least 70 attempts. Furthering that upward climb led to coach Kenny Atkinson paring a three-man rotation down to just Allen and Jahlil Okafor.
“[Allen is] playing great basketball and he gets better with every game,” Atkinson said. “I can't wait until he spends a summer in the weight room and starts to get stronger. Some of those rebounds, it's just a matter of strength. And he's going to get that.“You can already see him maturing. He's already getting stronger and a summer with our performance team, we're very excited about him. He's doing it on both ends, too, right. … Obviously the pick-and-roll stuff and the pivots and dunks and all that's great, it's a big part of our offense. And then his defense is obviously rim protecting and his agility. He's playing well.”
First, Allen started replacing the soft lobs with aggressive dunk attempts. Now he's flashing deft footwork in the paint, spin moves and an unexpected left hand.
“He's going to be good,” Lakers coach Luke Walton said, then corrected himself. “He's not going to be good. … He's already good from what little I've seen.”
DeMarre Carroll said his agent, Mark Bartelstein, told him several teams are interested in acquiring him before Thursday's deadline, but nothing is imminent.
“Mark just told me a lot of teams are interested. He talked to [GM] Sean [Marks] and they value me a lot here,” Carroll told The Post. “You really don't know what'll happen. He just told me stay focused and continue to keep on doing well. I'm old enough I understand rumors are rumors. Until somebody calls and I'm shipping up out of here, continue to keep playing great basketball for the Brooklyn Nets.”
Making the e-tron as aerodynamic as possible is critical for Audi if it wants to meet its target range of 248.5 miles. The carmaker is also using a controllable cool-air inlet, adaptive air suspension and side air inlets to reduce resistance, with the measures combining to increase the range by almost 22 miles. But it's the cameras that are most intriguing. The option to install them will only be available in regions where Audi is legally permitted to offer them, Electrek noted. You can check out the virtual mirrors for yourself after the e-tron hits the market, which is scheduled to happen later this year.
We are now able to see every ounce of technical detail in the much anticipated Panasonic AU-EVA1 Compact Cinema Camera. This is the camera falling smack dab in between Panasonic's GH5 and VariCam LT. Does it have features more like the GH5 or the VariCam LT? Well, it appears these features also fall in between. We will get to the technical specs in a few moments.
First off, the AU-EVA1 will ship this Fall at the suggested list price of $7,495. That's less than 8K for 5720 H x 3016 V (17.25 million pixels) and the compact cinema camera comes with Dual Native ISO of 800 and 2500.
The newly-designed EVA1 sensor is Super-35 sized. Specifically, the sensor measures out to be 24.60mm x 12.97mm. This is more in line with Panasonic's VariCam LT. So why did Panasonic go with the 5.7K resolution? It's simple really, when those 17.25 million photosites from the 5.7K sensor, which is nearly double the 8.8 million from 4K DCI, are downsampled to 4K, UHD, or 2K you get a higher resolving image with increased color information and a finer more accurate image.
AU-EVA1's Dual Native ISO
The good news is the AU-EVA1 will feature Dual Native ISOs. Those ISOs will be 800 and 2500. While the VariCam LT and VariCam 35 have Dual Native ISOs of 800 and 5000 respectively the AU-EVA1 shares the feature but the camera is not as sensitive as its bigger brothers. What's great about the AU-EVA1's Dual Native ISO of 800 and 2500 is the camera can switch from a standard sensitivity to a high sensitivity with almost no increase in noise or other artifacts. Dual Native ISO has allowed cinematographers a greater variety of artistic choices as well as the ability to use less light on set, saving time and money.
Not only does the AU-EVA1 share in the VariCam family's Dual Native ISO it also shares the 14-stops of Dynamic Range, enabling fine gradation in exposure from bright to dark. Great color and dynamic range are key features that make a camera good; the EVA1 features full V-Log/V-Gamut capture to best utilize high dynamic range and broad colors. V-Log has logged curve characteristics that are HDR ready and V-Gamut delivers a color space that will cover BT.2020.
Small Size & Weight
I love smaller light weight cameras. The AU-EVA1 barely tips the scales at 2.65-lbs (1.2Kg, body-only) has a smaller form factor (6.69” H x 5.31” W x 5.23” D) and a removable handgrip. Clearly, the AU-EVA1 can be used for handheld shooting, but because of its small size, I think the camera may be more likely to be mounted on a gimbal, or a drone. There will also be multiple mounting points and Panasonic says they are working with top accessory makers to allow further customization with the EVA1; think Zacuto, Shape, and other camera accessory manufacturers
The included adjustable handgrip offers several controls, including Menu, REC start/stop, Iris and Two User Buttons. The EVA1's LCD screen is a 3.5” touch panel for menu selections, expand (image zoom) positioning and playback controls. The LCD has an adjustable backlight control, including a Power LCD mode for bright viewing conditions.
EF-Mount
The AU-EVA1 only comes with a native EF-mount. No PL lens options. Yet, this is not a dealbreaker the Canon EF-Mount has dozens of cinema-style prime and zoom lenses from many different manufacturers available to shooters. The Electronic Image Stabilization (EIS) within the camera will counterbalance camera shake and blurring, enabling smooth movement for handheld shooting. There will also be full Iris Control, One-Push Auto Focus, and Lens Data.
ND Filter Wheel & IR Cut Filter
Behind the lens mount, an integrated ND filter wheel in 2, 4, and 6 stops allows for precise exposure control. The EVA1 also allows the IR Cut to be swung out of the path of the sensor at the push of a button; allowing for interesting photographic effects and night vision imagery.
A really cool feature is the ND filter and IR Cut filter operate electronically, allowing shooters to wirelessly control from ND and IR Cut filters via smartphones and tablets. EVA1 will have a remote-control app for a tablet (iOS, Android) that enables users to control an EVA1 when the camera is on a camera crane or in a remote location.
Recording Formats
Thankfully the AU-EVA1 records to readily-available, lower-cost SD cards instead of MicroP2 cards which can be expensive. With two SD card slots, shooters can capture footage either with Simul Rec (simultaneous dual record) or Relay Rec (continuous record). There's also One Shot Record, which enables single frame video for stop motion capture.
So here is the thing, Panasonic's 5.7K camera only records 4K internally. The AU-EVA1 can record in several formats and compression rates, and offers up to 10-bit 4:2:2 even in 4K. For in camera recording, you can capture in 4K (4096 x 2160), UHD (3840 x 2160), 2K (2048 x 1080), Full HD (1920 x 1080), and HD (1280 x 720). In a future firmware upgrade, the AU-EVA1 will offer ALL Intra compression for in camera recording and 5.7K RAW output to 3rd party recorders.
For high-speed capture, the AU-EVA1 offers up to 59.94fps/50fps for 4K/UHD, up to 120fps/100fps for 2K/Full HD, or 240fps/200fps (cropped area). The cropped area looks to be M4/3 Sized.
SDI and HDMI Output
For someone who uses a Monitor/Recorder, like Blackmagic's Video Assist 4K, I am very interested in seeing what resolution and color bit depth comes from a camera's SDI and HDMI. The AU-EVA1 appears to have more frame rate options from its HDMI output than its SDI output. While both will send a 10-bit file only the HDMI sends out 4K at 59.94p. The SDI 4K output only has 29.97, 25p 24p, 23.98p. This is not a big deal but something to note if you are expecting to use an external recorder. Both outputs can be adjusted separately allowing HD to be fed to a viewfinder or monitor while 4K is sent out to a recorder/monitor.
Release Schedule
On the first release, available bit rates will range from as low as 8Mbps up to 150Mbps, depending on frame rate, resolution, and codec. In a future firmware update, 400Mbps recording will be added.
Exposure and Focus Assist
These are a must for me and Panasonic has one of, if not the, the best focus assist I have seen to date. The AU-EVA1 has Focus Squares, an array of green squares that grow in size when their local area appears to be sharp, to enable shooters to achieve critical focus. Once a shooter learns what to expect the Focus Squares make life really easy for run and gun shooters. The AU-EVA1 also contains several professional imaging tools, including Peaking, Expand (Image Zoom), Waveform, Zebras, and Spotmeter (Y-Get).
AU-EVA1's Features
The newly developed 5.7 K Super 35mm image sensor achieves high-quality 4K/10-bit 4:2:2 images.
The wide 14-stop dynamic range, V-Log gamma, and wide-color gamut V-Gamut colorimetry, which are inherited from the VariCam Series*1 , ensure cinema-like pictures.
Dual native ISO of 800/2500 offers very high sensitivity with low noise.
Supports High-frame-rate recording of 4K 60 fps/2K 240 fps maximum.
The IR (infrared ray) cut filter ON/OFF mechanism provides the ability to shoot fantasy-like IR images with Cinematography mode.
The main unit is lightweight and compact, weighing only 1.2 kg.
Equipped with an EF lens mount.
The LCD monitor features a touch-panel function and allows flexible mounting.
The detachable handle and rotary grip add a new dimension of mobility by enabling the installation of the camera to a drone or gimbal.
Was This Post Helpful:
A Texas man threatened to burn down a television station and warned a general manager that he was a “dead man walking,” according to a federal indictment.
Jason Eric Bewley, 47, of Bryan, was arrested last week in North Carolina after being indicted last April for allegedly threatening to torch the building where local television station KBTX broadcasts in his hometown, the Fort Worth Star-Telegram reports.
“It's too bad you're a dead man walking,” Bewley emailed the station's general manager, Mike Wright, in May 2017, according to the indictment, which was recently unsealed. “I will split your skull open Mike Wright KBTX.”
Weeks later, Bewley tore into another staffer at the station over the phone, telling the employee he intended to “come down there and rip your eyes out and skull f–k you,” according to the indictment.
“I'll burn the f–king building to the ground,” Bewley said.
Bewley, who has been charged with transmitting threats through interstate communications, was waiting to be extradited to Texas, where he's expected to appear in federal court in Houston on Friday, the Star-Telegram reported.
KBTX reports that Bewley has been harassing its employees and the station for 10 years, citing his arrest in 2008 for throwing a cinder block through a window at the station, as well as a news truck, shattering both. It was not immediately clear why Bewley had allegedly targeted the news station for so long.
“It's been commonplace for years at KBTX for Bewley to call, sometimes hundreds of times in a row, with obscenity-laced tirades threatening to rape and murder newsroom team members,” the station reports. “He also sent emails, sometimes to hundreds of people, accusing KBTX of recording Brazos Valley residents through their televisions.”
Bewley also reached out to the alma maters of KBTX newsroom staffers, telling professors and deans in emails that their former students were now involved in the production of illegal pornography, according to the station.
“This has, often, been a scary and frustrating time for the staff and alumni of KBTX,” the station reports. “We're extremely grateful for the tireless work that law enforcement has done in keeping our staff safe and tracking Bewley down.”
Bewley was ordered to be extradited last Thursday, court records show, the same day a gunman opened fire at the Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland, killing five people.
Chiefs of Samsung Electronics and Hyundai Motor say their businesses face increased uncertainties due to growing protectionism.
Continue Reading Below
Samsung Vice Chair Kwon Oh-hyun urged employees in a new year's speech Monday to reform the company by strengthening quality control as growth slows in its key markets and trade protectionism increases uncertainties in the economy and politics.
Samsung is expected to announce this month the findings of its investigation into the Galaxy Note 7 that caught fire and overheated, prompting two global recalls and its discontinuation last year.
Hyundai Motor Chair Chung Mong-koo said that South Korea's largest automotive group aims to sell 8.25 million vehicles this year. Hyundai Motor and its sister Kia Motors missed their sales target in 2016, selling 7.88 million cars.
Novartis AG is partnering with a Canadian cannabis company backed by billionaire Peter Thiel to get in on the medical marijuana business.
The health-care giant's Sandoz Canada Inc. division is forming a strategic alliance with Tilray, which makes cannabis medicines in capsules and other forms. Together, the companies will develop new pot-based medications and Sandoz would distribute them to hospitals and pharmacies.
“The alliance is a major milestone on the long road to legitimizing medical cannabis as conventional medicine,” Tilray Chief Executive Officer Brendan Kennedy said in a statement.
Canadian companies have led marijuana's evolution from illegal drug to a medical product. The country allowed medical pot in 2013 and is expected to legalize recreational use this summer. Toronto-based Cronos Group recently became the first marijuana company on the Nasdaq.
This isn't the first time Tilray's parent firm has partnered with a big health-care company. Privateer Holdings, a Seattle-based cannabis private equity company, is also teaming up with Shoppers Drug Mart, the largest pharmacy chain in Canada.
Privateer had raised $200 million as of January, at the time a record for a private company in the nascent cannabis industry. Its investors include wealthy individuals, family offices and institutional investors.
Founders Fund, the venture capital firm backed by Thiel, was the first institutional investor to openly put money in cannabis when it invested in Privateer. Thiel co-founded PayPal and was an early investor in Facebook.
THE man who shot innocent Limerick man Shane Geoghegan nine years ago is seeking to have his conviction overturned by the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR), it has been confirmed.
Barry Doyle, aged 32, who has addresses in Ballinacurra Weston and Portland Row in Dublin was sentenced to life imprisonment more than five years ago after he was convicted, following a retrial, of murdering the 28-year-old in Dooradoyle on November 9, 2008.
During the trial, a jury at the Central Criminal Court heard that Doyle admitted during garda interviews that he shot Mr Geoghegan in a what was a case of mistaken identity.
Doyle, who had been ordered to shoot another man by criminal figure John Dundon, was arrested on February 24, 2009 and taken to Bruff garda station.
He was questioned more than a dozen times over three days and the admissions, the jury heard, were made during his 15th interview.
In previous appeals before the Court of Appeal and the Supreme Court, lawyers representing the hitman argued the admissions should not have been admitted as evidence during the original trial because they were obtained in a “non-voluntary” manner as a result of threats and inducements and psychological oppression by gardai.
This, they claimed, was because Doyle was promised by gardai that his girlfriend would be released if he admitted his role in the killing.
The Court of Appeal rejected the appeal in 2015 while the Supreme also rejected the appeal in a 6-1 majority decision which was handed down in January.
According to the Irish Sun, lawyers representing Doyle have now initiated proceedings at the ECHR.
In submissions, they state the confessions were made as a “result of a process of inducement, persisting misinformation and erosion of his (Doyle's) right to silence”.
It's not yet known when the latest appeal will be heard.
FILE - In this Monday, May 14, 2018, file photo, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov prepares to take a question during a news conference in Moscow, Russia. Russia's foreign ministry said in a statement on Wednesday that Lavrov would hold talks with North Korea's foreign policy chief to discuss bilateral issues as well as the overall situation on the Korean peninsula. Alexander Zemlianichenko, File AP Photo
Miami Beach police are investigating the presence of a decomposing body found under the MacArthur Causeway Monday morning. Miami Herald File
YANGON, Myanmar: Myanmar officials have denied a report of five mass graves of Rohingya in a village in crisis-hit Rakhine, a border region gutted by a military crackdown on the Muslim minority.Myanmar troops are accused of waging an ethnic cleansing campaign against the Rohingya, nearly 700,000 of whom have fled to Bangladesh since last August.Myanmar denies the allegation, saying it launched a proportionate crackdown on Rohingya rebels, but has blocked reporters and UN investigators from independently accessing the conflict zone.On Saturday government media reported that Rakhine state authorities had refuted a recent Associated Press investigation that said testimony from Rohingya refugees and time-stamped cell phone videos revealed the existence of five previously unreported mass graves in Rakhine's Gu Dar Pyin village.After an inspection of the village, a team of officials, police and locals “refuted the AP report,” said the state-run Global New Light of Myanmar.“The villagers reiterated they had not heard of any massacres near their village,” it added.However, authorities said there had been deadly clashes between security forces and Rohingya militants in the village on August 28, several days after the sweeping military crackdown was launched.Nineteen “terrorists” were killed in the violence and buried, according to the report, which did not elaborate on the location or nature of the graves.Myanmar's government spokesperson could not be reached for comment.Myanmar has overwhelmingly denied any wrongdoing in the Rakhine crackdown, despite a flood of testimony from refugees describing security forces murdering civilians, committing mass rape and torching Rohingya villages to the ground.Last month the army made a rare admission that four members of the security forces helped kill 10 Rohingya militant suspects on September 2 and left their bodies in a hastily dug pit.Rights groups say that incident is the tip of the iceberg of abuses carried out by a military force with a grim history of atrocities across the country, which it ruled for five decades before ceding some power to a civilian government in 2016.
Fans arrive for Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas. Ross D. Franklin AP Photo
Irene McReynolds, 94, passed away Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017 in Granbury.
Service: 2 p.m. Monday at Southside Baptist Church. Interment: Holly Hills Memorial Park. Visitation: 1 to 2 p.m. Monday before the service at the church.
Irene was born May 12, 1922 in Hood Co. to James Erskine and Laura B. Baldree Herring. She married William McReynolds on May 27, 1941 in Stephenville. He passed away Feb. 1, 1989.
Survivors: Daughter, Pam Olson & husband, Gary; son, Don McReynolds & wife, Nancy; sisters, Nell Arnold and Martha Smith; four grandchildren; six great grandchildren; and several nieces and nephews.
Martin's Funeral Homemade arrangements.
Last week, the FBI recommended rebooting home and small office routers that could have been infected with disruptive malware, allegedly by sophisticated state-backed Russian hackers . An estimated half million routers and network-attached storage devices have been infected.
But even the FBI acknowledges this step will only “temporarily disrupt” the malware. Here are some questions and answers about the situation:
Q: How can I tell if my router is infected?
A: Short answer: You probably can't. Routers aren't very consumer-friendly, and most people lack the ability to get deep enough inside the device to tell if it's infected.
Q: If my router was infected and I reboot, is it safe?
A: No. Turning an infected router off and on again only removes some of the malware — such as elements that could snoop on your internet activity or even overwrite the basic code on your router, thus “bricking” it (that is, turning it into an inoperable brick). The core infection persists on reboot and there's no simple way to delete it.
The good news is that last week, the FBI seized of the command-and-control server that sends instructions to the infected routers, disrupting the zombie network that could be used to mount a crippling internet-based attack. The bad news is that the persistent malware is in listening mode, awaiting instructions. “So all the cards are still on the table,” said Craig Williams of Cisco's Talos cyberthreat intelligence team, which identified the operation it calls VPNFilter.
Q: Why can't I completely remove the malware from my router?
A: For starters, routers are difficult for ordinary users to fiddle with. They have publicly known vulnerabilities that aren't easy for average users to patch and typically aren't equipped with anti-virus software packages or intrusion protection systems. That said, if you can update your router's “firmware” to the latest version — something you can often do via the router's phone app or web interface — you should. It may not fix the problem, but it won't hurt and may help.
Q: Which devices are affected and where can I learn more?
A: Cisco identified these companies as makers of affected devices: Linksys, Mikrotik, Netgear, TP-Link and QNAP. It said most of the infected routers are in Ukraine. You can find more details from Talos and the United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team . The FBI says it has nothing new to report beyond the announcement it put out Friday.
——
Links:
FBI announcement: https://www.ic3.gov/media/2018/180525.aspx
Talos blog: https://blog.talosintelligence.com/2018/05/VPNFilter.html
U.S. CERT release: https://www.us-cert.gov/ncas/alerts/TA18-145A
Aramark — the largest US food-service provider at schools, businesses, hospitals, sports and entertainment venues — will work with the American Heart Association to make its meals more healthy, the...
A widely shared story that claimed Pope Francis called for merging Islam and Christianity is false.
The story quotes Francis as telling a Vatican audience: “Jesus Christ, Mohammed, Jehovah, Allah. These are all names employed to describe an entity that is distinctly the same across the world. For centuries, blood has been needlessly shed because of the desire to segregate our faiths.”
Another quote it attributes to Francis: “We can accomplish miraculous things in the world by merging our faiths, and the time for such a movement is now.”
Vatican spokesman Greg Burke tells The Associated Press the quotes are “invented.”
An internet search reveals the fake quotes and various incarnations of the story have been shared by numerous websites since at least 2015.
Apple‘s (NASDAQ: AAPL) naming conventions for its most important product have been devolving for years, thanks to alternating between numerical successions and “s” appendages. The company made a rare move last year by keeping the same overall design for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, making it unclear whether the 2017 iPhone would be called the iPhone 7s, iPhone 8, or something different altogether like iPhone Edition.
Continue Reading Below
This year is also notable because it will be the 10th-generation iPhone, which could represent an opportunity for Apple to finally transition away from its numerical scheme and toward something more sustainable from a branding perspective. It only gets worse over time: If Apple theoretically continued on this branding path for another decade, the 20th-generation iPhone released in 2027 would be the nonsensical iPhone 12s.
iPhone 7, the ninth-generation iPhone. Image source: Apple.
Don't just take my word for it. Apple's former ad man, Ken Segall, who came up with the famous iMac name two decades ago, thinks we're approaching what he considers “The Great iPhone Naming Opportunity of 2017.”
Don't waste it, Apple
Segall considers the “s” branding a “perfect example of a companyshooting itself in the marketing foot.” Apple has created an advertising hurdle for itself, where it needs to justify to customers why they should buy an “s” model when a fully redesigned model with more meaningful improvements can be expected the following year.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
As the iPhone family has expanded over the years to cater to a diverse range of consumer preferences, most notably including larger displays, iPhone branding has become needlessly complex. Segall is a big fan of simplicity, particularly in the context of marketing. He wrote both Insanely Simple (which focuses on Apple's obsession with simplicity) and Think Simple (which applies the same lessons to a broader set of companies). If Apple ends up using some confusing combination of 7s, 7s Plus, 8, and SE later this year, Segall makes a damning comparison: “[T]henamingwill feelmore like Toshiba than Apple.”
For example, Segall considers the possibility that Apple streamlines the branding under “iPhone 8,” and releases a standard model, a larger “iPhone 8 Plus,” a more powerful “iPhone 8 Pro,” and a smaller “iPhone 8 Mini.” It'd be even better if you drop the number. This isn't the first time this notion has been tossed around; many considered the possibility of an iPhone Airyears ago, although Apple seems to be moving away from the Air brand in general, recently rebranding the iPad Air as just the iPad and the new MacBook looks set to supplant the aging MacBook Air eventually.
The 10th-generation iPhone is the perfect opportunity for Apple to reset its branding strategy, and set it on a long-term course toward a simpler naming scheme. Apple should streamline its iPhone branding to be similar to the Mac: distinct, descriptive modifiers like “Pro” and “Mini” with product cycles represented by years. Consider “iPhone Pro (2021)” or “iPhone Mini (2019)” as examples. It's immediately obvious for consumers what they're buying, and that simplicity would go a long way.
10 stocks we like better than Apple
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Apple wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Frpm DPM
INDIANAPOLIS (Apr. 17, 2017) – The Lebanon, Indiana native, and former USAC National Midget
Rookie of the Year, Spencer Bayston would find himself in victory lane for the first time in a winged sprint car. Coming off a strong third place showing the previous night, Bayston would wheel the Kevin Swindell owned/Premier Truck Group/John Christner Trucking/ Swindell SpeedLab No.39 to victory lane at Attica Raceway Park during the Arctic Cat Allstar Circuit of Champions event on Saturday night.
“What a start to the season,” exclaimed Bayston. “Our speed really showed the effort that both Kevin and Jordan have put into this program through the offseason. The end of last year we sort of just threw it all together quickly just so we could run a handful of races. So far the beginning of this year we have showed a lot of speed and hopefully it is a good sign for how the remainder of the season will look.”
With a meager 15-winged sprint car starts under his belt, Bayston would charge from a 7th place starting position to 2nd by lap 11. Inheriting the lead on lap 15, after current leader Carson Macedo slowed to a stop on the front stretch, Bayston would hold off a stout field of Allstar regulars. A four second lead in traffic was quickly diminished as a late race caution flag would fly. With traffic no longer a concern, Bayston would make the final 7 circuits and bag a $5,000 pay day over Cole Duncan and Tim Shaffer.
“As soon as we rolled the car out of the trailer this weekend we were fast,” Bayston said. “For my first time being there, Kevin had the car set just right which allowed me to get comfortable much quicker. Night two it was much more slick than the night before but we adjusted accordingly. Knowing we were starting 7th, I think we would have been thrilled with a top 3, but when we took the green I knew we had a winning car. I was able to work the middle in turns 1 and 2 better than most of them and was able to work my way through to the front. We got out front and I was able to just cruise and pick up our first win together.”
Bayston will return to asphalt this weekend, April 22nd, piloting the Bond Suss Racing No. 55 Super Late Model at Orange County Speedway in North Carolina with CARS Tour.
Spencer Bayston would like to thank the following sponsors: Keith Kunz Motorsports, Toyota Racing, Bullet by Spike Chassis, Curb Records, Simpson Race Products, ButlerBuilt Professional Seat Systems.
Swindell Speedlab would like to thank the following sponsors: John Christner Trucking, Mike Curb and Curb Records, MPI Steering Wheels, ButlerBuilt Professional Seat Systems, Arai Helmets, Racing Optics, Maxim Chassis, DMI, Hoosier Racing Tires, Sweet Manufacturing, Brown and Miller Racing Solutions, Kenny's Components, High Performance Lubricants.
Contact:
Whitney Thomas
Owner
Dub Publications & Media
(901) 237-5652
Whitney@DubPubMedia.com
www.dubpubmedia.com
###
DUB PUBLICATIONS & MEDIA -Dub Publications & Media concentrates on personalized marketing tools combined with social networking and well-versed commentary to create unique and engaging material to suit your needs. DPM is geared toward but not limited to motorsports drivers, race teams, series, events, and affiliates. We offer something for everyone.
For more information on becoming a DPM customer visit www.dubpubmedia.com, by email at Whitney@dubpubmedia.com, or by phone at 901-237-5652.
Harvey Weinstein‘s fall from Hollywood's highest pedestal isn't quite over.
In a fiery opinion piece published in the New York Times on Saturday, actress Uma Thurman gave detailed accounts of her encounters with the disgraced movie mogul, who is now in rehab.
Their relationship started off professional, with Weinstein establishing a rapport, according to Thurman, now 47. “He used to spend hours talking to me about material and complimenting my mind and validating me.” That changed, however, on the set of “Pulp Fiction,” when they had a meeting about a script in a Paris hotel, where he was wearing a bathrobe.
Thurman admits she wasn't alarmed at first by what has now become a common allegation among many of Weinstein's accusers, but she began to question his intentions when he led her down a hallway to a steam room.
“I was standing there in my full black leather outfit — boots, pants, jacket. And it was so hot and I said, ‘This is ridiculous, what are you doing?' And he was getting very flustered and mad and he jumped up and ran out,” she recalled.
The bizarre incident led to another encounter in London that she described as “such a bat to the head.”
“He pushed me down. He tried to shove himself on me. He tried to expose himself. He did all kinds of unpleasant things,” she said of the incident in a London hotel. “But he didn't actually put his back into it and force me. I was doing anything I could to get the train back on the track. My track. Not his track.”
The next day Weinstein's assistants arranged for Thurman to meet with him again and where she claims he threatened her by saying, “if you do what you did to me to other people, you will lose your career, your reputation and your family, I promise you.”
See: Post-Weinstein, Sundance Film Festival grapples with #MeToo
As for both encounters overseas, Weinstein's spokesperson said the pair had a “fun working relationship.”
“Mr. Weinstein acknowledges making a pass at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading her signals in Paris,” his rep's statement to the Times said. “He immediately apologized.”
“Quentin [Tarantino] and I had an enormous fight, and I accused him of trying to kill me.” Uma Thurman
However, Thurman says that “Pulp Fiction” director Quentin Tarantino was an accomplice of sorts to Weinstein, as he tried to defend him when Thurman told him the story of the London hotel encounter.
The actress also recalled that after she tried to confide in the director, he made her do a dangerous car stunt, which ultimately landed her in the hospital, for the 1994 cult classic.
“Quentin and I had an enormous fight, and I accused him of trying to kill me,” she said.
As rampant accusations against Weinstein have unfolded, he has been booted from The Academy and is under investigation by the NYPD and LAPD. His actions and the fallout of other men in Hollywood have sparked movements such as #MeToo and Time's Up — which triggered Thurman's memories of her time with him.
Check out: These companies want to trademark #MeToo
And see: The damaging, incalculable price of sexual harassment
On social media, the actress blasted Weinstein in a Thanksgiving Instagram post, alluding to the fact that she had a story of her own.
“Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! (Except you Harvey, and all your wicked conspirators — I'm glad it's going slowly — You don't deserve a bullet). Stay tuned,” she wrote.
“The complicated feeling I have about Harvey is how bad I feel about all the women that were attacked after I was,” she told the Times, referring to any other young hopeful women going to Weinstein's office “walked into slaughter because they were convinced nobody rises to such a position who would do something illegal to you, but they do.”
Read: Guess shares sink after harassment allegations by model Kate Upton
This report previously appeared at the New York Post site Page Six.com.
RIYADH — Saudi Arabian authorities have made further arrests in an anti-corruption crackdown on the kingdom's political and business elite, sources familiar with the matter said Wednesday.
Dozens of royal family members, officials and business executives have already been held in the purge announced Saturday and face allegations of money laundering, bribery, extortion and exploiting public office for personal gain.
But the sources, speaking Wednesday, said a number of additional individuals suspected of wrongdoing have been detained in a continuation of the crackdown.
A number of those held most recently include individuals with links to the immediate family of the late Crown Prince and Defense Minister Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz, who died in 2011, the sources said.
Others appear to be lower-level managers and officials, one of the sources said.
Many Saudis have cheered the purge as an attack on the theft of state funds by the rich, and US President Donald Trump said those arrested had been “‘milking' their country for years.” But some Western officials expressed unease at the possible reaction in the opaque tribal and royal politics of the world's largest oil exporter.
Saudi Arabia's stock market continued to fall in early trading Wednesday because of concern about the economic impact of its anti-corruption purge. The Saudi index .TASI was 1.0 percent lower after half an hour of trading. Shares in companies linked to people detained in the investigation slid further.
Late Tuesday, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and the Saudi central bank sought to ease worries about the probe.
They said that while individuals were being targeted and having their bank accounts frozen, national and multinational companies — including those wholly or partly owned by individuals under investigation — would not be disrupted.
Anti-corruption authorities have also frozen the bank accounts of Prince Mohammed bin Nayef, one of the most senior members of the ruling Al Saud, and some of his immediate family members, the sources added.
see also Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal arrested in anti-corruption probe Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has been detained in...
Prince Mohammed — or MbN, as he is known — was ousted as crown prince in June when King Salman replaced him with then-Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the man behind the anti-graft drive.
Since Sunday, the central bank has been expanding the list of accounts it is requiring lenders to freeze on an almost hourly basis, one regional banker said, declining to be named because he was not authorized to speak to media.
The number of domestic bank accounts frozen as a result of the purge is over 1,700 and rising, up from 1,200 reported Tuesday, banking sources said. MbN made his first confirmed public appearance since his ousting Tuesday at the funeral for Prince Mansour bin Muqrin, deputy governor of Asir province, who was killed in a helicopter crash Sunday. No cause has been given for the crash.
Among business executives detained in the probe so far are billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, chairman of investment firm Kingdom Holding; Nasser bin Aqeel al-Tayyar, founder of Al Tayyar Travel; and Amr al-Dabbagh, chairman of builder Red Sea International.
The US State Department said Tuesday it had urged Saudi Arabia to carry out any prosecution of officials detained in the crackdown in a “fair and transparent” manner.
Ford Motor Co. has dispatched several teams of investigators to police departments across the country as the automaker tries to contain the fallout over concerns about carbon monoxide seeping into law enforcement vehicles.
Bill Gubing, chief engineer for Ford's Explorer line, told NBC News Tuesday that company investigators have been to more than a dozen departments in just the last week and have found Police Interceptor Vehicles — essentially specially modified Ford Explorers — with holes near tail lights or rear lift gates which can allow carbon monoxide inside the cabin.
Underbody plug with modification hole cut for wiring pass through. Ford Motor Co.
In Auburn, Mass. — where last week at least three officers were hospitalized due to high carbon monoxide levels in their vehicles and the department pulled several SUVs from service — Ford said it's worked to seal open holes in the vehicles and the department has placed them back on the road.
Related: Feds Expand Probe Into Possible Carbon Monoxide Leaks in Ford SUVs
After the police department in Austin, Texas, pulled nearly 400 vehicles off the road over carbon monoxide concerns last month, Ford said it would pay for the cost of specific repairs to any police vehicle in any city that experienced those same issues.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ford works to fix carbon monoxide problem in Explorer police cruisers 0:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Ford is now repairing the SUVs in Austin.
It's a significant issue for the auto giant, which has been om the police vehicle business for 70 years. The Explorer makes up more than half of all U.S. police vehicle sales.
“By no means is our investigation complete,” Gubing said. “We're doing everything we can to figure out what issues are out there and how we can help.”
Still, federal regulators recently expanded their investigation following more than 2,700 complaints of exhaust odors — including many from civilian vehicles as well. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) is now looking into Ford Explorers from model years 2011-2017.
Ford insists drivers of regular Ford Explorers should not be concerned. The automaker is blaming improperly installed or sealed modifications for the problems in the police vehicles — which are made after the SUVs have left Ford's factories.
Ford Explorer modification hole sealed. Ford Motor Co.
“From a carbon monoxide perspective, the police duty cycle is very different than what a retail customer drives,” Gubing said, noting that law-enforcement motorists typically use a wide-open throttle, rapid acceleration and stepped on and off the gas much more often than civilian drivers would.
“It creates more combustion gas at the back of the vehicle because the engine's working harder and faster,” Gubing said. “At the same time, there are modifications done to the back of the vehicle that certainly provide leak paths when those modifications are not done properly.”
Many police department across the country drill holes to install lights and radio equipment — and Ford showed NBC News photos that it said showed those changes, when done improperly, allowed exhaust to seep into the cabin of police vehicles.
“We don't see the retail customers driving like that,” Gubing said. “We don't see retail customers with those modifications.”
Heir to K-3 legacy, the new Pentax KP camera offers in a compact body new features and controls built around a sensor with 24.32 effective megapixels.
The Pentax KP is, according to Ricoh-Imaging, the company that produces the heritage-rich, award-winning line of Pentax DSLR cameras, lenses and sport optics equipment, designed to be “highly dependable in the harsh environmental conditions found in outdoor photography, as it incorporates reliable features such as a dustproof, weather-resistant construction and cold-proof performance down to temperatures as low as -10°C.”
“We designed the Pentax KP to appeal to the world's most discerning outdoor photographers, who will appreciate its rich and powerful feature set and rugged, compact design, whether they are shooting a landscape on a trek in Patagonia or capturing an eclipse,” said Kaz Eguchi, president, Ricoh Imaging Americas. “From Pixel Shift Resolution to our new generation of Shake Reduction, Pentax proudly continues to lead the way in photographer-friendly innovation.”
Although outdoor photographers will appreciate the fact that the camera can be used in the most challenging conditions, in serious outdoor photography while mountain climbing or trekking, the Pentax KP is designed also to satisfy the user looking for a tool to capture snapshots. The features concur to offer a system that easily adapts to different needs… while the price is rather interesting considering what the camera offers.
In fact, with a price point that is quite attractive, the Pentax KP offers, in a compact, portable body designed for daily use, high-end features able to accommodate a variety of specific photographic requirements. The camera's compact body is the result of a complete internal re-design to produce an advanced DSLR camera with an extremely slim profile for optimal comfort and handling.
Pentax cameras from the SLR days were already models of customization and the Pentax KP DSLR continues that tradition, taking it to new levels. The Pentax KP incorporates additional advanced technologies and ease-of-use features that include:
5-Axis Shake Reduction System: The Pentax KP is the first Pentax APS-C DSLR to offer the new generation SR II system, which uses a five-axis mechanism to compensate for camera shake caused by horizontal and vertical shift (often generated in macro photography), roll (difficult to handle by lens-installed shake reduction mechanisms), as well as pitch and yaw. The SR II unit is controlled with great precision as soon as the camera's power is turned on, providing a wide compensation range—as much as five shutters steps—to further expand the limits of handheld shooting. With the addition of an optional accessory GPS module (O-GPS1 GPS unit), the Pentax KP, simplifies astro-photography, making it possible to record stars as points of light rather than star trails during extremely long exposures.
Pixel Shift Resolution: This technology enables producing color-accurate still-life subjects with the highest resolving power. The technology uses the KP's in-body Shake Reduction System to move the image sensor in single-pixel increments, to capture four separate images that are subsequently combined into a single, high-definition image.
A vertical tilt LCD monitor that facilitates high- and low-angle shooting.
A grip replacement system that lets photographers choose their preference of grip based on shooting style or lens choice. In addition to the standard grip that comes with the Pentax KP, accessory grips include medium (M) and large (L) grips (these will come packaged with KP bodies sold in North America), as well as the optional D-BG7 Battery Grip.
Control panels, button settings and dial controls that can all be customized, based on a user's preference.
The new 24-megapixel CMOS sensor enables shooting in extremely low-light conditions, with sensitivity to ISO 819200, making the camera ideal for night photography. The Pentax KP features an electronic shutter option in live-view to enable high-speed shooting up to 1/24,000-second, which greatly broadens shooting capabilities when using large aperture lenses to achieve a shallow depth of field on a bright sunny day.
One last note, in case you're wondering: yes, it does capture video in Full HD. It's deemed enough for the public Ricoh Imaging aims to convince. I wouldn't mind trying one.
Was This Post Helpful:
STAR JOURNAL REPORT
The Rhinelander High School varsity girls soccer team scored both of its goals in the second half Thursday to win its Great Northern Conference matchup at Northland Pines, 2-1.
The victory improved the Hodags' season record to 2-0 in the GNC and 2-2 overall going into their first home game of the season at 5 p.m. Monday against non-conference foe Wausau East at the RHS varsity soccer field.
By MICHELLE L. PRICE and LINDSAY WHITEHURST
Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr., who overcame poverty to become one of the state's most successful and powerful people, died Friday at age 80.
Huntsman's longtime assistant Pam Bailey said he died in Salt Lake City but she declined to name a cause of death. The Huntsman Corp., which he founded, said in a statement that Huntsman died at his home, surrounded by family.
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairman of the $11 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products. He was also the father of Jon Huntsman Jr., the U.S. ambassador to Russia and former Utah governor, presidential candidate and ambassador to China and Singapore.
The elder Huntsman and his family have given away more than $1.4 billion, including donations to a Salt Lake City cancer institute that bears his name.
"Cancer is hideous and deplorable and must be conquered, and it will be, as any evil eventually is defeated," Huntsman wrote in his 2014 autobiography. He said he would see to it that the institute continues its mission "if it takes my last dollar--and I expect that will be the case."
In 1970, Huntsman founded the Huntsman Container Corp., which focused on food packaging and pioneered the clamshell container used for McDonald's Corp.'s Big Mac hamburger. He formed Huntsman Chemical Corp. in 1982 and more than a decade later, consolidated his companies as Huntsman Corp., producing materials used in a wide range of products, from textiles and paints to plastics and aviation components.
Huntsman stepped down from his role in December and his son Peter Huntsman took over as the company's leader. His father continued to serve on the company's board of director and was named chairman emeritus.
"He leaves behind a great company, but even more so, a legacy of optimism, ethical behavior and philanthropy that will serve as his greatest accomplishments," Peter Huntsman said in a statement.
After amassing his fortune, Jon Huntsman gave more than $100 million in the mid-1990s to establish a research center at the University of Utah dedicated to finding a cure for cancer through human genetics. Huntsman, who lost both his parents to cancer and fought his own battle with the disease, eventually gave more than $400 million to the Huntsman Cancer Institute and its foundation.
He also wielded his power as a billionaire benefactor to the center. After the cancer institute's director and CEO was fired in April 2017, Huntsman mounted a public campaign criticizing leaders of the university and took out full-age newspaper advertisements calling the officials "inept and uncaring." The director and CEO was reinstated a week after her firing and the school's health care leader and president stepped down.
The billionaire and his family also gave generously to Utah's homeless shelters as well as more than $50 million to the Armenian people after a 1988 earthquake in that country left thousands homeless.
He also played key roles in state and national politics.
Huntsman was a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and briefly ran his own 1988 campaign for Utah's governor.
Huntsman later served as a finance chairman for Mitt Romney's 2008 presidential bid and in 2012, worked for his son's presidential bid, giving more than $1.8 billion to a super PAC supporting the younger Huntsman.
Following his son's short-lived race for the Republican nomination, Huntsman kept a toehold in Utah current affairs, occasionally offering political commentary to Utah newspapers and even expressing an interest in purchasing The Salt Lake Tribune.
His son Paul Huntsman purchased the newspaper in 2016 and named his father chairman emeritus.
In the 1980s, Huntsman explored purchasing the Tribune's competitor, the Mormon-church owned Deseret News. He met with high-level leaders with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but faith leaders did not want to pursue the offer, Huntsman wrote in his autobiography.
A committed member of the Mormon church, Huntsman served in several high-level leadership positions with the faith and had close friendships with the past five church presidents.
The First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that his "legacy of faithful leadership, generosity and goodness" would be a beacon for many around the world.
Huntsman said the family was exposed to the dark side of wealth and fame in 1987, when his then-16-year-old son James Huntsman was kidnapped at knifepoint from his driveway. The teenager was forced to call his father to arrange payment of $1 million ransom. He was later rescued by FBI agents.
Huntsman was born in 1937 in Blackfoot, Idaho and later moved to California, where he met his wife Karen while in junior high there.
The couple later moved to Salt Lake City in the 1970s where they raised nine children, many of whom became involved in the family business.
Huntsman is survived by his wife and eight children. One daughter, Kathleen Ann Huntsman, died in 2010 at age 44 after struggling for years with an eating disorder.
Bailey had no immediate details on funeral plans Friday.
___
This story has been updated to correct the current value of the Huntsman Corp. It is $11 billion, not $13 billion.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A new album full of previously unreleased music from Prince is expected to come out at the end of September. In a brief interview in Variety, Troy Carter, the ex-Lady Gaga manager whose company Atom Factory is overseeing Prince's estate, states, “Last week, the release of ‘Nothing Compares 2 U' was the first piece of music to come from our collaboration with the estate, and now we're working on a release for the fall — a full-length album.” This news comes after the two year anniversary of his death this past weekend, as well as the release of the aforementioned “Nothing Compares 2 U” and an accompanying music video of archival performance footage from the vault.
The estate also debuted two new websites to to commemorate the anniversary. One being a deep dive into his discography and the other one for fans to share their remembrances called “Prince2me.” According to Carter, the new album will be coming out on Warner Bros. Records, so presumably this will be music from his years with the label, which included the time he wrote the word “slave” on his face after battles with Warner Bros. over creative control of his music.
0:56 Baby needs a new home Pause
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
BOSTON, Massachusetts (WKBN) – Several local racers are participating in this year's Boston Marathon.
The following local residents are registered to participate in Monday's race:
Zachary Bloss, 34, of Beloit, Ohio
Jonathan Bolha, 35, of Youngstown, Ohio
Phillip Hovanic, 58, of Salem, Ohio
Emma Lunne, 22, of Canfield, Ohio
Sandra Manley, 47, of Youngstown, Ohio
Jackie Pfeiffer, 38, of Liberty Township, Ohio
Erik Reed, 28, of East Liverpool, Ohio
Christine Russo, 51, of Canfield, Ohio
Wendy Russo, 45, of Canfield, Ohio
Natalie Thomas, 27, of Niles, Ohio
Robert Vogt, Jr., 33, of Salem, Ohio
Megan McNear, 32, of Negley, Ohio
Tommy McNear, 40, of Negley, Ohio
Janie Crowl, 58, Salem, Ohio
Jacob Smith, 41, of Greenville, Pennsylvania
John Armstrong, 51, of Grove City, Pennsylvania
Brian Buchan, 43, of Grove City, Pennsylvania
Courtney Mark, 61, of Grove City, Pennsylvania
Kimberly Hohman, 39, of Grove City, Pennsylvania
Jodie Mohnkern, 44, of Mercer, Pennsylvania
Angela Taylor, 35, of Mercer, Pennsylvania
Kelsey Wallace, 23, of Sharpsville, Pennsylvania
The 121st race got underway Monday morning. Check WKBN.com for updates and race results or search for the racers on the Boston Marathon's website.
CINCINNATI, Ohio (WLWT) – Forget Elf on a Shelf. There's a new favorite Christmas tradition in Cincinnati.
“Hippo on a Grippo” is now a thing, or at least a catchy concept from Cincy Shirts.
The Cincinnati-based retailer posted a photo of a plush hippo sitting atop a box of barbecue-flavored Grippo's potato chips.
A stuffed animal likeness of Cincinnati's sweetheart Fiona is available at Cincy Shirts.
Toss in another Cincinnati favorite – Grippo's potato chips – and a new holiday tradition is born.
Fiona weighed 29 pounds when she was born on Jan. 24 at the Cincinnati Zoo. She was six weeks premature and weighed about 25 pounds lighter than the lowest recorded birth weight for the species.
DC lawmaker blames Jews for bad weather A DC lawmaker blamed a late-winter snowfall on a family of Jewish bankers — accusing them of controlling the climate and orchestrating natural disasters. Council member Trayon White Sr. apologized...
Amazon is in talks to launch checking accounts Amazon may soon find yet another way into its customer's wallets. The e-commerce behemoth is reportedly chatting with big banks about creating a “checking-account-like product” for its customers. Details on...
This is how much you waste on bank fees every year Don't get held up at the bank. That's the warning of consumer advocates, who say monthly bank charges are adding up. “All those unnecessary bank fees can easily suck up...
Credit Suisse used trading software to rip off its own customers Credit Suisse rigged currency markets for years with a bag of tricks that included chatroom cartels, anti-competitive business practices, and even software programs that were designed to automatically rip off...
Wall Street bankers are getting bigger bonuses again Time for that second home in the Hamptons. The average banker bonus in 2017 is poised to get fatter for the second straight year, as hopes for deregulation have led...
Inside the mysterious mission of the Knights Templar The Knights Templar feature prominently in Dan Brown's bestseller “The Da Vinci Code” and video game “Assassin's Creed,” but now British historian Dan Jones gives them standalone treatment in his...
Top bank analyst says Goldman turnaround plan won't work Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein may be too puny to “muscle in” on new financial markets, according to a top banking analyst. Wall Street curmudgeon Dick Bove unleashed a blistering...
Wells Fargo's scandal-scarred chairman to step down next year Wells Fargo is giving its chairman the boot after the latest onslaught of scandals at the bank — after paying him nearly $500,000 to clean up a mess that has...
Ditch a dull job and find your passion instead In 2003, Mya Zoracki had a charmed life that many could only hope for. She was in her fifth year working on the trading floor at the American Stock Exchange...
Many changes will take place in your world over the coming 12 months but you will have no trouble dealing with them. One of the strengths of your sign is that you know how to adapt and because of that you can thrive while less flexible types struggle.
A Killer's Confession, the new band led by former Mushroomhead vocalist Waylon Reavis is set to release it's debut album April 28th via EMP Label Group, the label founded by Megadeth bassist David Ellefson. (Press release from New Ocean Media)
“Unbroken” was produced by Reavis and the song “A Killer's Confession” was co-produced with Thom Hazaert, with Engineer/Mixer Richard Easterling (American Head Charge, Doll Skin, Emperors and Elephants) at Richmond, KY's Third Sky Studio.
A Killer's Confession consists of Waylon Reavis (vocals),Jon Dale (drums), JP Cross (bass), Matt Trumpy (guitar), and Paul Elliott (guitar).
“I am so proud of this project, and being able to come back with an absolute KILLER record, with KILLER musicians”states Reavis. “Anyone who has been a fan of anything I have done previously, is absolutely going to be ﬂoored by AKC.”
On signing to EMP Reavis had this to say. “I am so thankful to Thom and David for believing in me and getting behind this project the way they have. I have been watching everything they've done the last year, and I am so proud and excited to be part of the EMP family.”
Reavis was co-vocalist for Mushroomhead from 2004 to 2015, and appears on the albums Savior Sorrow (2006), Beautiful Stories for Ugly Children (2010), and The Righteous & The Butterﬂy (2014), as well as other projects including Tenafly Viper, which also featured former Chimaira bassist Jim LaMarca.
Dim lights Embed Embed this video on your site
A KILLER'S CONFESSION - Unbroken "track listing":
Awakening
Spawn of 7
Rebirth
A Killer's Confession (featuring Brian Head Welch of KORN)
1080P
Final Breath
L.O.L. (Life of the Lost)
Reason
Sympathy (featuring Kimberly Freeman of ONE EYED DOLL)
I will define (with Dead By Wednesday)
Judas Kiss (with Revillusion)
Letting Go (with Amerakin Overdose)
Purification (with HEX)
For more information, check out the band's website www.akillersconfession.com
Or
www.facebook.com/akillersconfession
www.instagram.com/a_killers_confession
www.twitter.com/WaylonAKC
https://www.youtube.com/user/waylonmrh
Dim lights Embed Embed this video on your site
One of the most talented receivers on the draft board has dug himself into a deeper hole.
Former Florida receiver Antonio Callaway failed a drug test at the NFL combine after testing positive for marijuana, ESPN reported.
A person with knowledge of the situation says NFL teams were made aware of the result Tuesday. NFL Network first reported Callaway's failed test.
Upon learning of the positive result, Callaway reportedly left his old agent, Melvin Bratton, and hired Malki Kawa, who said Tuesday the test produced a diluted sample.
It was the latest misstep for a talented but troubled receiver who was once considered a lock to be a first-round draft pick. Now, some teams surely will take the 21-year-old Callaway off their draft board. Failing a drug test at the combine, a place prospects know they're going to be tested, is widely considered one of the more head-scratching results of the pre-draft process.
For Callaway, it's another huge red flag.
Callaway was suspended all of last season as part of an investigation into felony credit card fraud. He also was cited for marijuana possession in May 2017, stopped by police while riding in a car with a career criminal, and was part of a Title IX investigation in 2016 that centered on an alleged sexual battery. He testified during that case he was high on marijuana during the incident and was later found not responsible for the alleged misconduct.
At Florida's pro day last month, Callaway said every NFL team he spoke to at the scouting combine in Indianapolis and since wanted to know about the same thing: His past.
“They already know I'm a good athlete. Just know I'm not a bad person,” said Callaway, who appeared out of shape and was working with his second agent in less than six months. “Somebody's just got to believe in me.”
Callaway also said the recent birth of his first child, a daughter, changed him.
Callaway caught 89 passes for 1,399 yards and 11 touchdowns in two seasons at Florida. He hasn't played since the Outback Bowl on Jan. 2, 2017.
The Miami native was one of nine Florida players suspended during the 2017 season while being investigated for fraud.
According to police, Callaway used a stolen credit card to add $1,970 to his campus bookstore account and then used the money to purchase a high-end computer and fancy headphones. He eventually entered a pretrial intervention program that could result in the dismissal of the felony charges.
With AP
Two months after USA Gymnastics was alerted that team doctor Larry Nassar might be molesting its star athletes, the organization notified the head of security for the U.S. Olympic Committee of the breadth of the brewing scandal.
"USA Gymnastics has recently been made aware of potential sexual misconduct committed against one or more of its national team athletes by a member of its medical staff," it wrote in a summary of the situation emailed to Olympic Committee chief security officer Larry Buendorf in September 2015.
"Such misconduct allegedly occurred at international competitions held overseas and various locations in the United States," it continued.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed US Olympic Committee knew of suspected abuse by Larry Nassar in 2015 2:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The summary, which was described to NBC News by a source familiar with it, went on to recount interviews that private investigators did with three elite gymnasts who have since been identified as national team member Maggie Nichols and Olympic gold-medalists Aly Raisman and McKayla Maroney.
Maroney, referred to as "Athlete C" in the document, told the investigator that she was aware of pelvic floor manipulation techniques but said what Nassar had done was "rougher, more aggressively pulling in the vaginal area." She reported "digital penetration" and said Nassar "might be getting some sexual gratification."
Related: Eight times Larry Nassar could have been stopped
But, according to a spokesman for the Olympic Committee, the security chief did not circulate the email — the existence of which was first reported by the Wall Street Journal — to anyone else at the organization.
Aly Raisman, Maggie Nichols and McKayla Maroney. Dmitri Lovetsky, Harry How, Mike Blake / AP, Getty Images, Reuters
USOC chief executive Scott Blackmun, who had been told by phone in July that the FBI was investigating accusations against a doctor, didn't learn it was Nassar or the specifics of the allegations until he was exposed by a newspaper a year later, according to committee spokesman Mark Jones.
Jones said that Buendorf, a former Secret Service agent credited with saving President Gerald Ford from an assassination attempt, was simply following orders from USA Gymnastics' then-president, Steve Penny.
Penny called the summary "a highly confidential document" and wrote: "Obviously this is something that can not be shared with others and until now has only been an internal document."
But Jones also said that even if the USOC had known Nassar was the target of the investigation, it would not have made a difference in its response.
"That name didn't mean anything to us," Jones said of Nassar.
Related: Larry Nassar's attorney doesn't believe all girls were abused
Nassar had been the team doctor for USA Gymnastics, which is certified as the national governing body for the sport by the Olympic Committee. He had worked at multiple Olympic games and famously treated Kerri Strug after she injured her ankle during a vault in 1996.
Scott Blackmun, chief executive for the United States Olympic Committee. Kirk Speer / Reuters file
Nassar also had a medical practice at Michigan State University and continued to treat — and allegedly abuse — patients for a year after the U.S. Olympic Committee was informed of the accusations against him.
Jones said the email from USA Gymnastics to Buendorf made clear the FBI was investigating and "we're not a party to that investigation."
John Manly, an attorney who represents many of Nassar's accusers, has previously blasted USA Gymnastics for not notifying Michigan State that one its doctors might be abuser. The 2015 email, he said, suggests that USOC "has blood on their hands."
"If that story's correct, it implicates the entire Olympic system," he told NBC News.
The U.S. Olympic Committee has been criticized for its response to the Nassar scandal, which has cast a long shadow over the sport in the last 16 months and sparked a call for congressional hearings.
"Larry was the Olympic doctor and he molested me at the 2012 London Olympic Games," Raisman said at Nassar's sentencing hearing. "They say now they applaud those who have spoken out, but it's easy to say that now."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Simone Biles: Larry Nassar 'took a part of me that I can't get back' 8:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Simone Biles, superstar of the 2016 games, said the USOC did not reach out to her after she revealed Nassar abused her, too.
"As one of their athletes, I think it's kind of crazy," she said.
The Olympic Committee has taken credit for pushing Penny to resign as president as USA Gymnastics, and earlier this month the committee ordered the entire board of trustees to resign and pledged to launch a third-party investigation into who knew what and when.
But it also admitted it was a mistake not to attend the hearings where more than 150 girls and women testified against Nassar and to not reach out to more of the gymnasts who compete for the United States.
"That will occur," Jones said.
CNN on Monday walked back an “exposé” on Attorney General Jeff Sessions that turns out to have exposed nothing, except maybe the network's own bias.
The original report back in May blared that Sessions hadn't listed those two meetings with Russia's ambassador on his FBI disclosure forms prior to his Senate confirmation hearings. Now CNN admits that the FBI told Sessions not to list any of his dozens of meetings with other countries' diplomats as part of his senatorial duties.
To be fair, the May story did note the Sessions camp's claims about the FBI's guidelines. But it also quoted a Beltway “expert” as saying that Sessions should've listed every meeting anyway.
What forced CNN to “clarify”? A right-wing group's Freedom of Information request produced an FBI e-mail from March that proved Sessions right.
Sigh: The misleading May report became part of the litany of alleged Team Trump deception on its Russia contacts, showing up in The Atlantic as well as stories for ABC News, Buzzfeed, the Huffington Post and so on — all “confirming” Sessions' supposed lack of candor in his verbal testimony.
Monday's 'fess-up follows last week's stunning CNN retraction of an incorrect report that WikiLeaks informed Donald Trump Jr. of dirt before releasing it publicly.
CNN (among others) plainly needs to start asking more questions when partisan sources hand it “bombshells” that seem to confirm the now-very-thin “collusion” narrative.
Governor Ricketts soon will get a proposal from state senators to balance the state's finances for the next 5 months. The bill impose across-the board cuts, makes withdrawals from cash funds and takes back unspent money from departments.
Omaha Senator, Bob Krist, says giving up about $2 million from the Legislative Council will be problematic for plans to replace the Capitol's heating, ventilation and air conditioning system.
Tropical Storm Nate was gathering force in the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea on Friday as it made its way toward the U.S. Gulf Coast, which was bracing for a potential direct hit Sunday.
The storm has already unleashed heavy rain and flooding over parts of Central America, where several people have died.
In Nicaragua, the death toll reached at least 11 on Thursday, while thousands of people had to evacuate their homes and several others were reported missing, according to Vice President Rosario Murillo. Nate follows nearly two weeks of heavy rain that has saturated the ground there, reports The Associated Press, and Murillo said that the recent rainfall is not part of Nate's storm system.
In Costa Rica, officials blamed the storm for at least seven deaths, AP says. Schools across the country were suspended Thursday because of heavy rainfall.
In Honduras, two young people drowned in a swollen river, while in neighboring El Salvador a man was killed in a mudslide, reports Reuters.
The National Hurricane Center said Nate was located off the coast of Honduras on Friday morning and headed north northwestward at 14 mph. It had maximum sustained winds of around 45 mph, but forecasters said the winds would pick up over the next couple of days and were expected to reach hurricane force by the time Nate reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico.
A hurricane watch was in effect Friday for parts of Louisiana, including New Orleans, while parts of Mississippi and Alabama were under a tropical storm watch.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency Thursday in anticipation of Nate's arrival and is asking President Trump to declare "a pre-landfall state of emergency."
At a briefing Edwards said Louisiana is expected to take a direct hit early Sunday morning, but parts of the state could feel the force of the winds by Saturday evening. Edwards said rainfall could reach six inches in some areas, with storm surge of up to six feet.
It has been a devastating hurricane season, and Nate is an unwelcome reminder that it is not over yet; the season continues until the end of November.
Louisiana National Guard soldiers have already been helping with recovery efforts in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria's aftermath. Now more than 1,000 state guardsmen have been mobilized ahead of Nate, some in New Orleans to monitor drainage pumps, which have already undergone damage.
"We don't anticipate that this is going to cause devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps or the electrical generation down there to pump out that water," Edwards said. But he added, "I'm not going to tell you I am not concerned."
It was “Barbershop Night” for Monday's game between the Hornets and Sixers.
I'm not entirely sure what that entailed, but I do know that 76ers group event specialist Matt Yoder was prepared for the occasion.
Yoder might have the best hair in Philadelphia. You're not a true fan until you turn your hair into a portrait of Joel Embiid. That's a rule. (OK, it isn't.)
Yoder wasn't alone in sporting Sixers-inspired hairstyles either. The sales team joined in.
Embiid went on to score 25 points with 19 rebounds in the win. I'm not saying that Yoder's hair powered Embiid to the monster game, but I'm also not saying it didn't.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Louisville has placed associate men's basketball coach Kenny Johnson and assistant Jordan Fair on paid administrative leave while the school handles its involvement in a national federal investigation of the sport.
Neither Fair nor Johnson have participated in practices conducted this week by interim coach David Padgett, who was named Sept. 29 as Rick Pitino's replacement. Pitino is on unpaid administrative leave and facing dismissal after 16 seasons in the wake of the probe.
Vince Tyra was named acting athletic director on Tuesday in place Tom Jurich, who's on paid leave pending an Oct. 18 review by trustees. Tyra said in a release Friday that the school is doing due diligence while cooperating with federal authorities and called the decisions regarding Fair and Johnson "an appropriate step at this time."
Johnson is in his fourth season with Louisville; it's Fair's second season on the staff.
Ten people have been arrested in the federal probe of the sport, including four college assistant coaches at different schools and an Adidas executive.
Pitino, 65, is not named in the federal documents and has maintained that he did nothing wrong. His attorney, Steve Pence, has said Louisville "effectively fired" Pitino when they placed him on administrative leave on Sept. 27. The school's Athletics Association on Monday authorized interim university President Greg Postel to begin the process of firing Pitino for cause after 16 seasons as Cardinals coach.
Postel's letter to the Hall of Fame coach on Wednesday said the action arises out of his conduct over a period of years and noted his involvement in two recent scandals involving the program — including the current federal investigation.
The NCAA in June placed Louisville on four years' probation and has ordered the vacation of up to 123 victories — including its 2013 national championship — as a result of a sex scandal . The school and Pitino, who was suspended for five games, are appealing those sanctions.
___
For more AP college basketball coverage: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Dennis Edwards, a former frontman of The Temptations whose gravelly and commanding vocals powered a string of chart-topping R&B hits, has died. He was 74.
“He is now at peace, and our love and prayers go out to his family,” Otis Williams, the last original surviving member of the Motown group, said in a statement on Facebook.
- Advertisement -
“At this moment and always, we acknowledge his extraordinary contribution to The Temptations legacy, which lives on in the music,” Williams added.
[embedded content]
The baritone singer died at a hospital in Chicago sometime Thursday night or Friday morning of complications from an unspecified illness, his manager, Toby Ludwig, told Reuters.
Edwards, who replaced the silky-voiced David Ruffin as lead singer of The Temptations in 1968, sang lead on hits like “Papa Was a Rollin' Stone” and “I Can't Get Next to You.”
He parted ways with The Temptations in 1977, around the time the group left the legendary Motown label to sign with Atlantic Records. He came back and left again several times in the 1980s, as disco and hip-hop overtook easy-listening soul on the pop charts.
Edwards, who lived outside St. Louis and would have turned 75 on Saturday, was inducted into the Rock and Rock Hall of Fame in 1989, as a member of The Temptations.
He also tried his hand at a solo career, releasing three albums and scoring hits like “Don't Look Any Further” and “Coolin' Out.”
R&B fans paid tribute on social media, and the civil rights activist Jesse Jackson Sr. tweeted that Edwards “inspired millions around the world.”
“He is above #CloudNine, going higher,” Jackson tweeted, dropping a reference to The Temptations' 1968 hit track — the first of their singles to include Edwards in the lineup.
Don't lower your standards to attract investors – Mexican Regulator
By Kiana Wilburg
Strong environmental regulations for the oil and gas sector will not hamper investor confidence.
In actuality, companies like ExxonMobil, Shell and Chevron, are used to operating in environments that demand compliance with the best safety standards. As such, Guyana's authorities should not lower their standards in fear of scaring off rich oil companies.
This salient piece of advice was recently provided by Executive Director of Agency for Security, Energy and the Environment (ASEA) of Mexico, Carlos De Regules Ruiz-Funes.
In an exclusive interview with Kaieteur News, the Mexican official said he has noted some of the concerns regarding vague contractual terms for environmental protection. He stated, however, that from his experience, keeping a high standard and ensuring the implementation of best practices will benefit the country in the long run.
The Mexican official said, “If you start having considerations as to the competitiveness of your regulations, then you aren't doing your job. You will end up lowering your standards to attract investments. It really won't be good for investment decisions. In a previous life, I was the Vice President of Strategy Planning in PEMEX (Mexico's National Oil Company). I was responsible for putting together the business plan for 20 years.”
Ruiz-Funes continued, “And one thing we looked at very carefully was the stability of the regulatory framework. We didn't want it to go down and deregulate all things concerning the environment, because in the same way you deregulate for political or commercial reasons, you over-regulate for the same…Companies like Exxon, Shell, Chevron, they are accustomed to operating in global environments, and regulated environments.”
The Executive Director added, “So for Mexico, what we did was understand the best practices in the world, and we put them in the Mexican context. It has worked fairly well. We have a regulatory model with various components to it which have proven to be adequate…”
Ruiz-Funes said that prevention is an important aspect of Mexico's regulatory model. He said that this component allows the ASEA to be proactive.
He commented, “You don't want to react once the accident happens or when the pollution occurs. You want to have environmental and safety management systems in place that are mandatory for the operators and will prevent accidents from occurring.”
Reflecting on Guyana's “clean sheet of paper with oil”, the Mexican official said he cannot emphasize enough, the importance of Guyana going with best practices as opposed to thinking it will scare off investors.
He reiterated, “They are used to best practices. They need good regulation.”
The Mexican official asserted that what scares away serious investors are whimsical political changes to regulations. He said it is therefore important that Guyana's regulators are free from the influence of the political cycle, and that long term certainty resides in the regulatory body.
There are many examples around the world where the governments of nations ensure that oil companies provide insurance for oil spills. Unfortunately, Guyana is not one of those nations.
In the Production Sharing Agreement (PSA) signed between the Government of Guyana and USA oil giant, ExxonMobil, there is no provision for insurance to compensate for any adverse effects of an oil spill.
JUPITER, Fla. — Losing a loved one too soon can force you to grow up fast, but the Marlins hope the tragic death of ace Jose Fernandez will help turn them back into little boys.
The club's pitchers and catchers took to the practice fields behind Roger Dean Stadium wearing patches on their uniforms honoring Fernandez's No. 16 and remembering the transparent joy and inimitable spirit their fallen teammate brought to the club. Fernandez and two friends died in a boating accident on Sept. 25, with only six games remaining in the regular season. The offseason gave Fernandez's teammates some time to grieve, but as team president David Samson noted, the healing process is one that will take “years, not months.”
“You felt it today when you walked in — his locker isn't there,” Samson said. “It's the first spring we've had in a long time without Jose, and you can feel that difference. You look at the patch on everyone's jersey and you can't help but think about him.
“It's beginning to come up in ways where the sadness is replaced by an occasional smile. I'm hoping for the guys, and for everyone that loved Jose, that eventually the sadness turns into smiles. But it's just not today.”
An electrifying talent with an incredible backstory and a magnetic personality, Fernandez appeared primed for transcendent superstardom when his life ended less than two months after his 24th birthday. Samson indicated that the club will honor Fernandez at Marlins Park throughout the year and Fernandez's locker at the stadium will remain empty in perpetuity. Manager Don Mattingly said he hopes his players will honor the pitcher's legacy by enjoying baseball as much as Fernandez obviously did.
“I don't think you can go through something like that and not be changed, and have it not affect you,” Mattingly said Tuesday. “For me, what I like to think about is that little kid. The way he played was with that joy you think about when you start playing. When I think of Jose, I think of that little kid. That's really special. You'd really like your guys to have that feeling.
“Change happens all the time, for different reasons. That situation has the power to change you, and at least remind you of where you came from and where you started. We all started there. Everyone started out loving to play.”
Fernandez's friend and fellow pitcher A.J. Ramos echoed his manager's sentiments.
“He loved so hard, he cared so much, he showed so much passion,” Ramos said. “He was himself 100% of the time. Playing with some passion, playing with some joy. We get paid to play a game. Sometimes we forget that. Sometimes we forget that kids are watching us, and when kids watched Jose play, they got excited — ‘that's like me, when I play' — they could relate to it. So if we can do that a little bit more, have a little bit more, I think we can loosen up a little bit and actually play better.”
“Me and him shared that joy,” said Dee Gordon, who hit an emotional home run in the Marlins' first at-bat after the tragedy. “Some guys who may have not seen the game as joyful as he saw it are now seeing it that way. I'm glad guys are starting to get that. You don't want to get out here and just think this is a job. This is a game. We're all kids, we play, we joke around.”
But it would be overly simple to suggest that the Marlins' players will be able to turn their loss into something positive so swiftly. Fernandez was not just a young pitcher with an big breaking ball and a bigger smile and an even bigger strikeout rate. He was a man — a son and a grandson and a boyfriend and a buddy — and his teammates miss him.
“It's just weird, man,” Gordon said. “You're used to hearing him talking trash, telling you how good he is or that he'll strike you out, seeing his bike in the weight room, just stuff like that. Listening to him while he's hitting (batting practice), telling everyone to watch him. That's the stuff you miss, and we can't get it back.”
“I was almost late (to practice), so right off the bat, Jose would have been yelling at me,” Ramos said. “So I could hear his voice. He's present, I feel like, spiritually. It's hard to get him out of your mind — not that I ever want to. Little things you do, you just think, I wonder what Jose would have been doing right here. It's still fresh, the first spring training without him in a while. So it's something you need to get used to.”
Newcomers to the Marlins' clubhouse, meanwhile, must now join a group so recently united by tragedy.
“The 16s are everywhere, so you're reminded of it constantly,” said reliever Brad Ziegler. “I had never met him, and it was tough for me to watch from a distance. I know these guys loved him and cared a lot about him, and he cared for them.”
Pitcher Edinson Volquez, signed in part to take Fernandez's spot in the rotation, will negotiate his first spring with Miami while still mourning another death — that of his former Royals teammate and Dominican countryman Yordano Ventura.
“It was a tough year because I lost my brother, I lost Ventura, and we have lost a few members of my family,” Volquez said in Spanish. “It's tough, but you learn to live with that. The best thing for me is to be at the ballpark and to have teammates around me, so I can get away a bit from the pain and the grief.
“I think (Marlins players) are going to use it as a motivating factor to honor Jose Fernandez, who was a leader on this team. I think they're hungry to win for him and to give their best to keep his name on high.”
“Everyone knows what we went through in this clubhouse,” said outfielder Christian Yelich. “It was tough. It's still tough for everybody, coming back to camp and realizing that he's not going to be here. But we got through it then, and we'll get through it now.”
Mourning is always difficult, but the particulars of playing Major League Baseball mean that those in mourning must also often answer questions about the process. Mattingly referred to Fernandez's death repeatedly as “that situation.” Gordon briefly fell into a cliche before catching himself.
“I know that he would want us to keep going,” Gordon began. “You know what? I take that back. A lot of people say he would want us to keep going. Jose would not have wanted us to keep going (without him). He would want to be here. He just loved everybody; he wanted to be a part of it. He loved being a part of us.
“Me saying, ‘Oh he would want us to keep going,' I honestly feel like that's a lie. He would want to be right here with us, like, ‘Wait for me. Don't forget me.'”
They won't.
Barron Trump's school backs stricter gun control measures The private school attended by Barron Trump, the president's youngest son, is backing stricter gun control measures — but dismissing his father's proposal to arm teachers. St. Andrew's Episcopal School...
Barron Trump to play on pro soccer team's youth squad This Trump wants to score goals — not political points. Barron Trump, President Trump's 11-year-old son, was quietly added to a youth team of pro soccer's DC United and is...
Trump looked directly at the solar eclipse without shades President Trump got caught up in the solar excitement on Monday when he quickly glanced directly toward the eclipse as it passed over Washington, DC. Trump, along with his son...
Why the president feels like a king on his summer vacation It's a “working vacation” with putting greens and great pizza. President Trump on Friday began a 17-day stint at his prized golf club in Bedminster, NJ. The timing makes sense:...
Trump Tower police detail has finally been scaled back With the first family now officially reunited in the White House, the NYPD presence around Trump Tower has been dramatically reduced — and police and nearby businesses are breathing big...
First Family returns from inaugural visit to Camp David The First Family returned from their inaugural visit to Camp David on Sunday with President Trump's son 11-year-old son Barron seemingly impressed by the chopper ride back to the White...
Melania and Barron have finally moved into the White House WASHINGTON — The first family is together again under the same roof: the White House. After nearly five months of living apart, President Donald Trump's wife, Melania, announced Sunday that...
Ken Jennings beefs with Trump Jr. after mocking Barron A best-selling children's book author and “Jeopardy!” champion is under fire for mocking President Trump's 11-year-old son, Barron, over the grisly photo of Kathy Griffin holding a faux severed head...
As investors approach Microsoft Corp. and its fiscal third-quarter earnings, they should begin to expect to see predictable videogame revenue instead of the cycles of sales they have become accustomed to.
Microsoft has three major ways it can drive millions of dollars more in videogame sales: Look beyond Xbox to other devices — especially mobile; capitalize on micro transactions and subscription revenue; and lure developers to the company's nascent Azure unit, according to UBS analyst Jennifer Lowe.
The Xbox franchise has enjoyed undeniable success as Microsoft heads into its earnings announcement, scheduled for Wednesday after the bell. Launched in 2005, the Xbox division banked $9 billion in revenue in fiscal 2017. While the console market continues to grow, other categories of gaming are growing much faster, spurred by the popularity of digital downloads and the ubiquity of powerful mobile devices, such as the new line of iPhones from Apple Inc. AAPL, -1.39% .
“The console market remains an important part of the gaming ecosystem, but the biggest influx of gamers has come through other channels,” Lowe wrote in a note to clients last week.
Microsoft breaks out a growth percentage for its gaming revenue but does not disclose exact revenue figures.
Don't miss: This violent videogame has made more money than any movie ever
The advent of digital downloads, for example, presents Microsoft MSFT, -2.34% with a high-margin opportunity. Instead of taking royalty fees for third-party titles in the 10% to 20% range, Microsoft would be able to charge about a 30% revenue share on games downloaded from its digital store, according to Lowe. Margins are also significantly better because there are no manufacturing royalties or costs of physical distribution and production.
Azure is one of the most compelling cases. Gaming on demand — similar to the so-called over-the-top streaming video content services offered by Netflix Inc. NFLX, -3.66% — as well as games hosted on Microsoft's servers have higher margins than the console-based games running off physical media.
After seven years of declines in gross margins, gaming will help it grow the 50 basis points a year Lowe currently models in Commercial Cloud.
See also: Video game trends seem good for publishers, bad for retailers
Much like how Office 365 helped Microsoft lure corporate customers to its Azure services, Lowe said Azure has the same potential with game developers. Once developers use Azure for one task, it's likely they will have more appetite for premium services such as the company's artificial-intelligence offerings.
“We think the evolution of the gaming market represents a much richer set of opportunities for Microsoft today, with a larger revenue base and better unit economics, as well as an opportunity to pull through demand for Microsoft Azure services,” Lowe wrote.
Lowe has a buy rating on Microsoft with a $110 price target.
What to expect
Earnings: On average, analysts model fiscal third-quarter earnings of 85 cents a share, according to FactSet. Contributors to Estimize, which crowdsources estimates from analysts, fund managers and academics, predict earnings of 89 cents a share on average.
Revenue: Analysts polled by FactSet estimate Microsoft will bank $25.77 billion in sales for the fiscal third quarter, and contributors to Estimize predict sales of $25.88 billion. Of the total, analysts expect the LinkedIn unit to contribute $1.22 billion, intelligent cloud — a division that includes its Azure product line — to bring in $7.68 billion and its commercial office software business to earn $6.01 billion.
Stock movement: Microsoft stock has gained 3.3% in the past three months, as the benchmark S&P 500 index SPX, -1.34% fell 6%. Microsoft stock is up 43% in the past year while the S&P 500 gained 14%.
Of the 35 analysts who cover Microsoft, 27 have the equivalent of a buy rating on the stock, seven rate it a hold and one has a sell. The average price target is $105.49, which represents a 13% upside from its Tuesday close.
What to watch for
Microsoft's cloud endeavors remain of consistent interest to analysts and investors, as the company moves more of its products and services in that direction.
“We remain positive on Microsoft's earnings as Azure and Office 365 continue to grow within the mix and as commercial cloud gross margins expand,” RBC Capital Markets analyst Ross MacMillan wrote in a note to clients Sunday.
MacMillan has a buy on the company with a $105 price target.
In his note, MacMillan wrote that he expects a 93% jump in Azure growth, compared with the year-earlier period. He also expects Azure margins to grow.
He noted that the restructuring of the engineering teams at Microsoft in late March will have a minimal impact on operations. MacMillan wrote that the company has discussed investing $5 billion in internet-of-things research, products and services over the next four years — for a total of $14.5 billion of research and development expenses in fiscal 2018.
ENGLEWOOD, Ohio (WDTN) — Several animals died when a garage burned down in Englewood early Monday morning.
The fire started around 1:15 a.m. on Roblar Hills Drive, near Sunnyhills Drive.
Fire officials say the homeowners called 911 after waking up and seeing flames outside their garage.
When firefighters arrived, they found flames showing through the roof of the detached garage.
The garage was destroyed by fire. No one was hurt in the fire.
Firefighters say they called in salt trucks to help cut down on slick spots from the water used to put out the fire.
Fire officials didn't estimate the amount of financial damage caused by the fire.
The cause of the fire is under investigation.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
Follow @insidefutbol
Tottenham Hotspur boss Mauricio Pochettino has insisted that his side are fully focused on taking three points from Anfield against Liverpool despite knowing the ground is a tough place to visit.
After an impressive 2-0 win at home against top four rivals Manchester United, the Liywhites will turn their attention to the Reds, who they face at Anfield on Sunday.
Tottenham have not been traditionally successful away from home against Liverpool, with four of their last five visits to Anfield ending in defeat.
Pochettino though does not want to think too much about Tottenham's form at Anfield and would rather remember happier times, such as his trip to the ground as as Southampton manager, winning 1-0 via a goal from Dejan Lovren.
For Sunday's visit therefore the focus will not be on the record, but on the practice Spurs have put in so that they can go to Anfield and try to come away with a win and all three points to push their way up the league table.
"I remember I won with Southampton there. Lovren scored and Southampton won 1-0", Pochettino said at a press conference.
"Of course for every club and for the top six clubs it's tough to play away from home.
"For all the clubs, not only Tottenham, always it's so difficult to win away from home.
"I am focused on trying to prepare for the game and go there and try to win.
"That is not going to affect our performance or the result in the end."
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Yes, it's true: the hilarious merry-go-round of contradictions created by the fight over the Trans Mountain pipeline has completed a full revolution now. We have all, somehow, grown accustomed to the spectacle of a Prime Minister Trudeau who agitates aggressively on behalf of the Alberta oilpatch. We have seen a New Democratic governing caucus in Alberta, full of young MLAs whose arms are scarcely recovered from waving around handmade signs about DIRTY OIL, stay miraculously in formation behind an Alberta premier fighting to get a pipeline built from the tar sands to the briny blue.
The premier is doing this over the objections of a British Columbia NDP government, and no one seems to remember that most of her political career, before she came into her inheritance in Alberta, was spent working for a British Columbia NDP government. (There is definitely a parallel Earth on which the B.C. premier struggling to save local beaches from filthy Alberta dilbit is named Rachel Notley.)
And now comes the spectacle of the federal government nationalizing a pipeline — with the unanimous approval of Alberta conservatives, who, being conservatives, typically oppose dirigiste industrial policy on principle, and who, being Albertans, still haven't finished grumbling about the form it took in the 1970s oilpatch, under Trudeau 1.0.
The contradictions are getting weirder, it almost seems, by the hour. Premier Notley getting the stinkeye from the other New Democrats throughout Confederation has become familiar, but when the federal purchase of the Trans Mountain pipe was announced, an equally curious gap opened up between Alberta United Conservative leader Jason Kenney and the conservative-branded politicians elsewhere.
Kenney was in no position to denounce the federal government's action: “We are glad that the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion was not permanently cancelled today,” he said, and he even added that the United Conservatives “are prepared in principle to support the Alberta government's commitment of up to $2 billion in fund to indemnify the Trans Mountain operator from delays caused by political or legal uncertainty.” His only concern is that the Trans Mountain expansion may not now be built: the fundamental arrangement of political forces, in his view, has not changed just because Canada will now own the pipe.
Which might be right! (Provincial governments, all other things being equal, prefer to have Ottawa as an enemy: that's a gift that has now been presented to B.C.'s Horgan, for him to make of it what he can.) But Kenney definitely will not be endorsing the view of federal Conservative leader Andrew Scheer, who complained that “Canadians will pay $4.5 billion for a 60-year-old pipeline” — apparently taking the naive view that most of the economic value of a pipeline comes from the metal it's made of — or the Canadian Taxpayers Federation, whose Aaron Wudrick highlighted the “cost and risk” of government involvement in the Trans Mountain expansion just as former CTF employee J. Kenney, Esq., was supporting that in principle.
The CTF's critique was oddly harmonious with the response to the nationalization news of B.C. Green leader Andrew Weaver. Weaver raged that the Liberals should not be “spending billions of dollars of taxpayer money to buy out a fossil fuel expansion project … Investing in this pipeline is like investing in the horse-and-buggy industry at the advent of the car.” Spoken like a true conservative! Albeit with a few unfamiliar grace notes about killer whales and Paris targets.
(And, by the way, Weaver technically deserves another “He might be right!” here. It is hypothetically possible that the solar-powered minivan will materialize on your neighbourhood Hyundai lot so soon that the economic benefits of Trans Mountain pipeline tolls evaporate before TrudeauPipeCorp can capture them.)
The rhyming reactions of the Taxpayers Federation and the B.C. Greens are a clear hint that we are seeing political opportunism rather than genuine economic reasoning at work. Governments are bad at running businesses, but, as the actual economists largely seem to agree this week, the Trans Mountain pipeline is a business entity that lacks a lot of the dangers we associate with government ownership.
The revenue forecasting and the physical planning for the pipeline expansion are all complete, and since it is an expansion, the rights-of-way are not much of a problem, unless we are talking about moral rights-of-way. It was only regulatory risk that dissuaded a hydrocarbon giant from going ahead. (Then again, maybe Kinder Morgan really is battening down the hatches for Andrew Weaver's free-energy paradise.) Once the new pipeline is built, the stream of toll revenue and the costs of upkeep should be fairly easy to evaluate and sell as a bundle on the market. Oil is a commodity: operating a pipeline is not like opening a ladies' shoe factory. Or, for that matter, even a hospital or a school.
Share
Anita Baker Tribute Performance At The 2018 BET…
https://youtu.be/h92aa1eGe-4 If there's one thing the BET Awards get right nearly every year, it is the lifetime achievement performance. This year was no different as Yolanda Adams, Ledisi, and Marsha Ambrosius all helped host Jamie Foxx pay tribute to the one and only Anita Baker. https://twitter.com/BETAwards/status/1011071175806500864 https://twitter.com/Trillest_RSA/status/1011073817450614785 After the rousing performance, Baker took the stage to accept her award, preaching for […]
There were off-the-court problems, knee surgery, and the benching over the season's first two months.
Jahlil Okafor could have landed in Antarctica, and he may have considered it an upgrade from Philadelphia. The only Process he was interested in was getting out of town. Suffice it to say, he was overjoyed when the Nets acquired him from the 76ers on Thursday.
“I feel like I was dreaming,” the 6-foot-11 big man and third-overall pick in the 2015 draft said Monday, as he met the Nets media for the first time since the deal. “It finally happened, and I'm in a great city.”
Okafor's star had fallen dramatically since he led Duke to a national championship in his lone year in college and was named to the NBA All-Rookie team after averaging 17.5 points on 50.8 percent shooting. He started just 33 games a year ago and, as his numbers dropped significantly and he rushed back from March knee surgery, he fell out of favor amidst Joel Embiid's rise.
A free agent-to-be, he twice ran into trouble off the floor — ticketed for speeding, driving 108 mph over the Ben Franklin Bridge in Philadelphia and caught on video in a nasty street fight in Boston. He was roundly criticized for his inability to defend or rebound at a high level. This year, he appeared in just two games for the improved 76ers of Embiid and Ben Simmons, and publicly asked to be traded or released on Nov. 1. His father, Chukwudi, wore a “Free Jah” T-shirt this year.
Okafor said he tried to make the best of the difficult situation. He leaned on a lot of people, from Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski to his dad. His two dogs gave him comfort, he joked. Most of all, Okafor got through it by transferring his frustration into effort.
“I just worked my ass off every day knowing my opportunity would come and it would present itself, and I wanted to make sure that I'd [be] ready when it happened,” he said.
Okafor was finally moved Thursday, the 76ers sending him, sharpshooter Nik Stauskas and a 2019 second-round pick in exchange for Nets veteran forward Trevor Booker. And now Okafor can go about rebuilding his reputation for Brooklyn.
“I have a chip on my shoulder,” he said. “This is the first time where people are against me in a sense because I've always been the hyped-up guy. It's something new for me to experience, so I'm glad that I am experiencing it.”
Okafor mostly said the right things Monday, except for the fact that “I wouldn't say I've learned anything” from the off-court issues. He admitted there are deficiencies he needs to work on, saying, “I'm not a perfect player. I'm 21 [years old].”
He plans to dedicate himself to getting better defensively, and is eager to do whatever is asked of him. He feels ready to showcase the improvements he's made with his body, dropping 20 pounds since adhering to a vegan diet this summer.
“Full fledge, I'm all-in,” Okafor said.
Both Okafor and Stauskas had a workout with Nets coach Kenny Atkinson on Sunday morning, hours after the team returned from Mexico City. They worked on learning the Nets offense, and got to know Atkinson. It stunned the newcomers how hands on their new coach was.
“For our first day here, for Kenny to spend an hour on the court just taking us through skills and drills, it was eye-opening to us, because that's not something we were very used to in Philadelphia,” said Stauskas, who made it clear he wasn't taking a shot at 76ers coach Brett Brown. He “loved” his former coach.
“That was different for me,” Okafor added.
He is uncertain if he will play Tuesday night against the Wizards at Barclays Center. He had yet to have that conversation with Atkinson. But it wasn't hard to figure out his preference.
“I've been sitting down long enough,” Okafor said.
DEAR MISS MANNERS: At a casual restaurant dinner, the teen relative of one of our friends became ill. He arrived well, but unfortunately later took a turn for the worse and
discreetly left the room.
When he returned, he sat down across from me and muttered how nothing was left in his stomach. He then said quietly but audibly to another relative that it was unpleasant to vomit in a public toilet, adding other unappetizing details, which I need not detail further.
His mother gathered up their things and took him home, but our food was delivered to us around the time he made the comments.
Although I work with numerous medical professionals and am not squeamish, I had to concentrate hard to continue to eat my (otherwise delicious) meal! Others may complain that this or that minor thing “ruined their meal,” but this — a situation where someone inches away from our dinner food was looking horrible and sharing stomach-churning details — truly, I think, fits the figurative phrase.
It would not have been helpful or supportive to say “hurry up and go home!” and heartless to say “please don't sit here,” but that's what I wished! What could I have said or done that could have mitigated the unpleasantness of what I observed and heard (after all, one cannot un-hear things), without causing more grief or sadness to our friend or her emotionally sensitive son dealing with a challenging medical condition? Since we will be having these dinner meetings monthly, it is likely to occur again.
GENTLE READER: Then you should probably change restaurants.
Grateful as she is for your high estimation of what good manners can achieve, Miss Manners must nevertheless confess that life contains unpleasant moments even for those with impeccable manners.
The teenage relative did not have unimpeachable manners. It would have been far better had he not provided details, even in an undertone. But he did excuse himself for the main event, and leave shortly thereafter.
Taxing him with ruining your evening by looking ill is ungentlemanly. You did not deserve to have your meal ruined, but then neither did the teenage relative. Even in civilized society, unpleasant things that happen to one person can be unavoidably unpleasant for others.
DEAR MISS MANNERS: I have a friend who augments her income by purchasing homes in need of TLC, moving in, renovating and reselling. After each home is completed, she hosts a party to show friends her handiwork, and within a year or two sells the home and moves into her next project.
I enjoy her parties as a chance to see acquaintances I don't run into often, and I have always brought a housewarming gift. I have now been invited to my fifth such event and am I wondering: Is it necessary to bring a housewarming gift every time she moves, given that it's a frequent event and a source of income for her?
Want Miss Manners delivered to your inbox for free on weekdays?
Sign up for our Coffee Break newsletter here.
GENTLE READER: As presents are not required, Miss Manners has no objection to neglecting to bring one in recognition of a friend's fifth house. The same rule can be applied if a friend were to acquire a fifth husband or child — but should not be applied to a fifth birthday.
Please send your questions to Miss Manners at her website, www.missmanners.com; to her email, dearmissmanners@gmail.com; or through postal mail to Miss Manners, Andrews McMeel Syndication, 1130 Walnut St., Kansas City, MO 64106.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
By MARTHA McCLAIN
Special to the PRESS
Public use versus private membership in the Laguna Vista Marina was debated at a packed City Hall here Tuesday during a joint workshop between the Town Council and members of the Laguna Vista Recreational Association (LVRA), with both parties ultimately agreeing to bring-in their attorneys for a potential lease extension resolution.
“While owned by the Town of Laguna Vista, the marina is managed and controlled by the LVRA, with access to the property restricted to members of the LVRA. Currently, the Town Council has no control over the LVRA or its operations,” Mayor Susie Houston said in an opening statement at the workshop.
The current $1 per year lease agreement, signed by then Mayor Robert Moore in 1971, stipulates that the marina property “shall be for recreational and social purposes primarily for the inhabitants of the Village of Laguna Vista.”
The Town's proposed 25-year lease would require the association pay the Town $100 per month rent, construct a fence around the marina, pay for installation and fees for utilities including gas, electric, water, sewer and telephone, as well as other details.
The existing lease which expires in four years, stipulates that the property where the marina is located “shall be for recreational and social purposes primarily for the inhabitants of the Village of Laguna Vista,” she added.
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
The Nebraska Supreme Court has indefinitely suspended the law license of an Omaha attorney who played a key defense role for a former doctor convicted of killing four people with ties to an Omaha medical school.
The state's high court on Friday suspended the license of Jeremy Jorgenson, who helped represent Anthony Garcia in his first-degree murder case.
The high court cited Jorgenson for missing oral arguments set for October 2016 before the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, in which Jorgenson represented a man accused of robbery. It also cited a second 2016 case in which Jorgenson failed to promptly respond to questions about a client complaint.
In both instances, according to the high court, Jorgenson blamed his failings, in part, on the onus of handling the Garcia case.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas accused Hamas of carrying out the roadside bombing that struck PA Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah and PA General Intelligence Services Majid Faraj's motorcade in the northern Gaza Strip last week.
“We are fully aware that Hamas is the one who stands behind that incident and carried it out,” Abbas said.
On Tuesday morning, a roadside bomb exploded adjacent to Hamdallah and Faraj's motorcade in Beit Hanoun in northern Gaza, injuring seven members of their staffs and damaging several cars.On the same day, Abbas's office said Hamas bears responsibility for the bombing, but stopped short of formally accusing Hamas of carrying it out.Meanwhile, some Hamas officials suggested on Tuesday that Israel carried out the bombing, while other Hamas leaders insinuated the PA did.Responding to Abbas's accusation against it, Hamas said on its official Twitter account that it condemns the PA president's “irresponsible statements,” asserting that they constitute “a violation of reconciliation agreements.”Abbas also said that if Hamdallah and Faraj had died in the bombing, a bloody inter-Palestinian conflict would have broken out.“If the assassination operation, God forbid, succeeded, that would have led to catastrophic consequences for the Palestinian people and opened the door to a bloody civil war,” Abbas said, adding: “Our response could have been different but we are responsible, national and people who know what we can do... We could have executed 20 people in a public square, but we are responsible.”Abbas also said that the Ramallah-based Palestinian leadership does not want any details from the Hamas-run security forces' investigation into the bombing.“We don't want any information from them,” Abbas said.“We don't want anything from them.”The Hamas-run security forces in Gaza have been investigating the bombing and arrested a number of individuals suspected of carrying it out, according to Hamas-run Interior Ministry spokesman Iyad al-Bozm.At the conclusion of his speech, Abbas said that he has taken “national, legal and financial measures” in response to what he called the rejection of “Hamas and its illegitimate authorities.”However, the PA president did not explicitly state which measures he decided to take, but he appeared to suggest that they will affect Gazans when implemented.Last year, Abbas ordered cuts to budgets allocated to Gaza for electricity, medical services, government employees' salaries and other purposes to pressure Hamas to cede control of the coastal enclave. Many of these cuts remain in place.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
WA buyer splashes big for Penfolds Grange collection
The top end of town is spending on alcohol again, with a full, vertical collection of Penfolds Grange selling for $225,000 to a Perth buyer. The sale was organised by Vince Salpietro, managing director of Mt Lawley's Grand Cru, who said the buyer did not bat an eyelid at the price. Source, The West Australian
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - It's contest time at the Kentucky State Fair.
Textiles and antiques will be judged on Monday.
More than 450 quilts will be examined, critiqued, stared at and praised. Two judges will pick a first, second, third and fourth place winner.
"You look for balance, unity and all of those things contribute to the success of the design," certified quilt judge Linda Luggen said. "Then you go into the workmanship, whether it be the piecing being precise or the appliqué being smooth and points being sharp."
>> GET OUR APP: Apple | Android
More than 2,000 antiques will also be judged. The pieces are separated into categories, then judged on age, condition and rarity.
"You have a first, second and third for each category, along with honorable mentions," antiques judge Zac Distel said.
Textiles and antiques winners will be selected Monday evening. Winners must show up at the fair to learn who won.
Quilt winners get bragging rights and their piece will be displayed in a case during the fair. Antique winners get a small monetary prize.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
The National Guard fights hacking
With warnings that Russia could target this year's midterm elections, @NafeesaSyeed says some states are asking the National Guard for help https://bloom.bg/2qYNEvo #tictocnews (Source: Bloomberg)
Our friend and fellow Mix DJ, Erin O'Malley is running the Boston Marathon again this year to benefit Boston Children's Hospital.
Karson & Kennedy checked in with Erin this morning before the big day.
Follow along with
Join the conversation! Share your opinion on this story with Karson & Kennedy on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
State Department officials confirm that Kim received permission to travel to New York, despite those sanctions, as has been done in the past for high-level diplomats. Pompeo and General Kim have met twice before, during Pompeo's recent visits to Pyongyang.
U.S. officials and outside experts see these talks as a critical step in determining whether to proceed with a summit between President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un in Singapore on June 12.
General Kim was also seen at Kim Jong-un's side during last weekend's hastily convened mini-summit at the Demilitarized Zone with South Korea's President Moon Jae-In, a meeting sought by the North Koreans to salvage the summit after Trump's abrupt cancellation of the meeting in a letter two days earlier.
The New York meetings are taking place as a separate team of American experts has been meeting in North Korea to hammer out the outlines of a joint summit declaration focusing on the timing and components of what each side means by "denuclearization."
NBC News has been told by three U.S. officials that a recent CIA analysis concluded that Kim Jong-un would never give up the nuclear program his country has been developing for seven decades, a finding that conflicts with statements by Trump that Pyongyang intends to denuclearize in the future.
Separately, a team led by the foremost American scientific expert on the North Korean program, Stanford University Professor Siegfried Hecker, a former director of the Los Alamos weapons laboratory in New Mexico, reported this week that full denuclearization of North Korea's massive nuclear weapons and missile complex would take 15 years, and require an unprecedented inspection and verification challenge.
The short time frame to conclude pre–summit negotiations and logistics is further complicated by the changeover at the State Department: Pompeo, who was confirmed only last month to replace Rex Tillerson, has already sidelined Tillerson's top adviser on Asia, Acting Assistant Secretary of State Susan Thornton. Tillerson fought with White House hardliners to get Thornton nominated to that post.
Thornton, who always traveled with Tillerson, was noticeably missing from both of Pompeo's trips to North Korea, as well his New York meetings with Kim. In fact, Pompeo hinted at a shake-up during testimony to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee last week, saying he was "close to making a number of significant announcements about new members of the team, assistant secretary for East Asia affairs and South Asia among them."
There are reports that Thornton's nomination will be withdrawn after the Singapore summit. There is also a major vacancy in Seoul, South Korea: There's no confirmed U.S. ambassador, although Adm. Harry Harris, currently the head of the Pacific Command, has been nominated for that post.
U.S officials said Pompeo, who met with Trump before leaving for New York, will have dinner with General Kim on Wednesday night in New York in addition to meetings on Thursday.
Coordinating the multipronged summit is also challenging because of allied concerns: Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is seeking reassurance that potential normalization of relations between North and South Korea will not undermine his country's strategic interests. He is scheduled to meet with Trump in Washington next Thursday.
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United were prepared to include a clause in any loan deal for Juventus striker Moise Kean that would have seen the Whites automatically buy the hitman in the event of promotion to the Premier League.
The Whites went shopping for a young striker in the January transfer window and eventually signed Tyler Roberts from West Brom for an initial £2.5m.
However, before focusing in on the 19-year-old, Leeds made a play to sign Kean, who is on loan at Hellas Verona from Juventus.
The Championship side wanted to take Kean on loan until the end of the season and let Juventus know they would cover his full salary.
Also, according to Italian outlet Calciomercato.com, the Whites were also willing to guarantee they would sign Kean on a permanent transfer at the end of the season if they won promotion to the Premier League.
Leeds agreed a similar deal with Villarreal for winger Alfonso Pedraza in the 2017 January window, but the player returned to Spain last summer with the Whites having missed out on promotion.
Juventus were not moved by Leeds' proposal for Kean and are now actively including the 17-year-old in their plans going forward.
Kean grabbed a brace for Hellas Verona in their 4-1 win at Fiorentina in his last appearance for the club.
NEED FOR PROPER POLICING OF NIGERIAN ROADS
Every other day, Nigerians receive news of devastating loss of lives of fellow compatriots on the country's major roads. In a country where lives have become so cheap, losing them due to armed robbery, kidnappings, accidents and other criminal activities seem to suggest or indeed, confirm that lives no longer truly have meanings. Pathetically, news […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Cuomo's budget would scrap audits protecting doctors from being overworked Gov. Cuomo's budget plan scraps rigorous state audits of hospitals that help make sure resident doctor-interns aren't severely overworked and exhausted on the job — and critics worry that could...
SUNY Downstate Medical Center deal a bust, audit finds Struggling SUNY Downstate Medical Center paid a “restructuring” consultant $34 million to help come up with plans to trim costs — but a stinging audit charged the deal was a...
City school agency broke law, lost money by not investing It's Investing 101. The city's School Construction Authority stashed $104 million in a low-interest checking account for two years — losing out on hundreds of thousands of dollars by not...
Audit shows $1.6M for senior meal services abused by vendors Taxpayers shelled out $1.6 million in unnecessary payments to vendors who provided meals to seniors, according to a new audit. State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli said his auditors found that 80...
City Council speaker candidates support citywide 'diversity' audit The next City Council speaker may force all city agencies to conduct extensive “diversity” audits, and critics fear the “unreliable” headcounts could be the first step toward hiring quotas. Seven...
Why the government purposefully skews welfare fraud stats Dear John: As a retired state auditor, I can vouch for the fact that statistics put out by the government are sometimes phony, not because of incompetence but for other...
How the Department of Education robs the city's students Kudos to City Councilman Brad Lander for slamming the School Construction Authority for having “far too many” projects running “over time and over budget.” For a follow-up, the council might...
DOE fails to track payments in $101M 'leadership' contracts: audit The city Department of Education has awarded contracts worth up to $101 million to the NYC Leadership Academy — but didn't keep track of where the money went, a bombshell...
Can my boss make me come into work on my vacation day? I work in retail and was approved to take a vacation day on July 3 so I could go away with my family. Then on Friday my manager told me...
The Knicks' value rose to $3.3 billion, up 10 percent from last year, as they continue reaping the rewards of a $1 billion renovation to Madison Square Garden, which produced new revenue opportunities from sponsorships and seating.
The Minnesota Timberwolves were ranked 29th out of the 30 teams at $770 million with a revenue of $154 million.
According to Forbes, the Knicks also posted an NBA-record operating profit of $141 million last season, despite a 32-50 season record. It was the first season of the team's new local cable deal with MSG, which paid $100 million in year one.
The Timberwolves had an operating income of $25.9 million.
The Los Angeles Lakers ($3 billion), Golden State Warriors ($2.6 billion), Chicago Bulls ($2.5 billion) and Boston Celtics ($2.2 billion) rounded out the top five.
The reigning NBA champion Cleveland Cavaliers were ranked 11th out of the league's 30 teams with a 9 percent jump in value to $1.2 billion.
The Cavaliers, Los Angeles Clippers and Oklahoma City Thunder all lost money last season due to excessive payrolls that triggered the luxury tax.
The average NBA team's value rose to $1.36 billion, a rise driven by the NBA's nine-year, $24 billion media deal with ESPN and TNT that kicked off this season, a new collective bargaining agreement ensuring seven years of labor peace and substantial international opportunities for the league.
Construction firm Kercon Construction has announced that it is hiring.
The building, civil engineering and facilities managment form is looking for an excavator driver, a groundworker and a general labourer/lorry driver.
The excavator driver should have experience with a 360 degree excavator, three to five years experience and a C licence. The groundworker should have broadly similar, as well as experience of power-floating floors, as well as shuttering and their own transport.
And the general labourer can expect to coordinate the delivery of equipment and materials to and from the company's yard and sites.
Anyone interested should send their cv's to info@Kercon.ie
For more information, see kercon.ie
Kercon Construction is hiring.
HAH! 2 Dems Humiliate Themselves While Trying to Trash Flynn [VIDEO]
I so enjoy watching asshats like Nancy Pelosi and Elijah Cummings beclown themselves. They did not disappoint yesterday. Both of them rushed in front of the press with the same talking points trying to bash Michael Flynn and President Trump. They made utter fools of themselves by quoting fake tweets from a parody account. Yep, they both fell for fakes news and so did a number of other prominent Democrats. Suckers. Pelosi went on for two stupendously stupid minutes blathering about ‘scapegoats'. She's got Botox of the brain.
It was like watching idiots on parade. It would have only taken a few minutes to verify what they were quoting, but they just couldn't wait and it backfired. “I didn't know until I heard from our colleague that the tweet of General Flynn today was ‘scapegoat,'” Pelosi said. “Do you know what a ‘scapegoat' is? That means in a community where people want to absolve themselves of guilt, they get a goat and heap all the ills onto the goat and then they run the goat out of town. So the inference to be drawn from his statement (is) that other people have blame that should be shared in all of this.” Now, that is the very definition of ‘reaching'.
From the Conservative Tribune:
First, they brought you fake news. Now, the Democrat Party is bringing you the latest things in hoax trends: fake legislators! That's at least my takeaway from Tuesday statements from House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California and Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, who both made strongly worded comments to the press and public about a tweet from a fake Michael Flynn Twitter account. Yes, apparently, Twitter's been around for a decade already and Reps. Pelosi and Cummings (and/or their assistants) still don't know how that whole blue check mark thing works. Unreal. According to The Hill, the fake account tweeted a fake statement by Flynn about his resignation as national security adviser that included the word “scapegoat.” Cummings and Pelosi were at a news conference when someone passed along the fake tweet as something real. “Something is wrong here,” Cummings said. “Madam Leader, just this morning Flynn tweeted — and this is a quote here — ‘scapegoat,' end of quote,” he continued. “Scapegoat. He basically describes himself as a scapegoat. “I believe we need to hold a public hearing with Flynn to get to the bottom of this. If there was any emergency at this moment in the history of this country, this is the moment,” said the Democrats' ranking member of the House Oversight Committee.
This all started with the New York Times publishing this falsehood. Don't they check anything over there anymore? The account on Twitter has now been removed… figures… liberals run Twitter and don't want to be embarrassed further over this. Too late… the Internet is forever. BuzzFeed reporter Ema O'Connor captured the moment an aide explained to Pelosi that the tweet was not actually from Flynn:
Aide tells Pelosi the "scapegoat" Flynn tweet was fake, "what do you mean it's fake?" She says. pic.twitter.com/tLNQswqfpb — Ema O'Connor (@o_ema) February 14, 2017
Man, Pelosi's face is priceless as one of her aides breaks the news to her. It's the ultimate shocked face. Pelosi is on a tear and has made a fool of herself continuously since Trump was inaugurated. It's so much fun to watch. Just popcorn worthy.
LIMERICK Fire Service has quickly tackled a car fire on a street in the city centre.
The car went on fire at the junction of Catherine and Mallow streets in the city this Wednesday night.
The Fire Service got the call at 9.15pm and had tackled the incident within minutes, bringing it under control.
One unit of the Fire Service attended the scene. It is not known how the fire began.
It is the second car to catch fire in Limerick this Wednesday, with emergency services dramatically deployed to an incident on the M7 motorway after the alarm was raised shortly after 10.45am.
Motorists reported seeing the vehicle ablaze on the southbound carriageway between Junction 27 (Birdhill) & Junction 28 (Castletroy).
Five appliances from Limerick city and Newport were dispatched to the scene and there were no reports of any injuries.
- For more breaking news, stay with the Limerick Leader online, on Facebook and on Twitter
The Raiders saw their AFC West title hopes eliminated with their 24-6 loss to the Denver Broncos and will now hit the road to face the Houston Texans next week in the Wild Card round of the playoffs. Jimmy Durkin and Marcus Thompson II break it all down.
Download the podcast or go to iTunes and subscribe so you don't miss an episode of Raiders Talk.
WASHINGTON — The Latest on Kim Kardashian West at the White House (all times local):
5:05 p.m.
Reality television star Kim Kardashian West has arrived at the White House for a meeting with presidential senior adviser Jared Kushner.
Kardashian West was seen posing for photos in front of the West Wing before entering to discuss criminal justice reform with Kushner, the president's son-in-law.
Kardashian West has urged the president to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, who is serving a life sentence without parole for a nonviolent drug offence.
Attorney Brittany K. Barnett, who says she's part of Johnson's legal team, says Kardashian West also hopes to meet with President Donald Trump to discuss the case.
Kardashian West's husband, rapper Kanye West, sparked a social media maelstrom earlier this month with his support for Trump.
—-
4:10 p.m.
Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West was heading to the White House to make a star-powered case for prison reform and advocate on behalf of a woman serving a life sentence.
Kardashian West has urged the president to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, 63, who is serving a life sentence without parole for a nonviolent drug offence.
In an interview with Mic, Kardashian West said she'd been moved by Johnson's story after seeing a video by the news outlet.
“I think that she really deserves a second chance at life,” Kardashian told Mic. “I'll do whatever it takes to get her out.”
Follow @insidefutbol
Arsenal have joined four other clubs in lodging an enquiry about France international defender Benjamin Pavard, who has also been linked with the Gunners' north London rivals Tottenham Hotspur.
Pavard is on the books at Bundesliga outfit Stuttgart and had already been attracting interest before his performances for France at the World Cup.
The defender's displays in Russia have only served to intensify the scrap for his signature, though Stuttgart claim he will not leave until at least next summer.
According to Sky Deutschland, Arsenal have enquired about Pavard's situation and other clubs to have done so are Atletico Madrid, Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund and RB Leipzig.
Though Tottenham has regularly been linked with Pavard, it appears they have yet to firm up their interest with an enquiry.
Stuttgart have set their face against selling the 22-year-old this summer, but a big bid could yet hugely test the club's resolve.
The Bundesliga outfit have challenged interested clubs to instead enter over discussions to sign Pavard next summer.
The defender's future is however likely to be without significant update until his World Cup campaign is over.
Why Republicans can't get anything done Why can't we have nice things? That's the question, if not exactly the phrasing, so many conservatives are asking these days. Despite controlling the White House and both branches of...
GOP senator slams Trump for threats against press A GOP senator slammed President Trump on Wednesday night for his repeated threats to revoke the licenses of television networks over negative coverage. Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse questioned whether Trump...
Senator works as Uber driver after losing bet on football game You can call US Sen. Ben Sasse a good sport ​— and ​also ​for a ride home. The Cornhusker Republican spent part of this weekend working as an Uber driver,...
Ben Sasse urges legislators not to 'walk away' from heath care battle Republican Sen. Ben Sasse on Sunday joined the chorus of GOP voices calling for the Senate to cancel its August recess if lawmakers are unable to repeal and replace ObamaCare....
Like Trump, Americans are refusing to grow up Most voters first heard of US Sen. Ben Sasse in early 2016, when the Republican freshman from Nebraska posted open letters on Facebook decrying Donald Trump. “Let's have a thought...
McConnell to Trump: Putin is a 'thug' The top Senate Republican broke with President Trump on Sunday over his comments about Russian leader Vladimir Putin, saying there is no “equivalency” between Russia and the United States. “He...
Trump blasted for discrediting judge who blocked ban WASHINGTON – President Trump is getting some blow-back for discrediting a “so-called judge” the federal jurist who blocked his immigration ban over the weekend. “I think it's best not to...
NIPAWIN -
The idea of spending three days listening to politicians speak and discussing issues like land use and landfills might give the average person a headache, but for people like Nipawin Mayor Rennie Harper, it is an invaluable chance to connect. Being new to municipal politics, Harper said the chance to meet with multiple provincial ministers over several days last week made the annual SUMA Conference a worthy experience. “SUMA was a tremendous opportunity, a learning opportunity for council as a whole. We were all there with the exception of two,” she stated. “There was a lot of opportunity to network and meet with communities close to us and not so close to us. We made connections with other communities that want to come and look at our landfill and look at our pool.” Nipawin can also learn from where other communities are doing exceptionally well. All recent comments from provincial ministers and MLAs point to a tight upcoming provincial budget as the province faces a deficit of $1.2 billion. “We met with seven ministers,” Harper said. “We met with the Minister of Social Services and spoke with her about the housing issues in our community.” Nipawin has faced a shortage of rental accommodations for a while “We had a number of meetings with (provincial) ministers that were really useful,” said CAO Barry Elliott. “It gave council a chance to meet the ministers and also bring forward a number of the hot button items that are facing this council and this community over the next while.” They also talked about poverty issues in the town and the asset cap that the province placed on those applying for housing assistance. “We're encouraged that they're reviewing that right now,” said Elliott. “They're making it easier for more people to access the affordable housing network.” Town representatives also had the chance to tell the province what has worked in this community for housing. “We discussed that and offered some our home-made solutions,” Harper said. Nipawin also met with Gordon Wyatt, the Justice Minister, and discussed policing. Towns are expected to pay for the cost of their own policing once their population hits 5,000. Nipawin has not reached that stage yet, but will need to start considering the possibility as the community continues to grow. The 2016 Census shows a population of 4,401. Discussions with the Minister of Advanced Education, centred around Cumberland College. “We tried to set the stage for a meeting the College was having and to show our support with that,” Harper explained. While meeting with Greg Ottenbreit, Minister for Rural and Remote Health, they talked about the good relationship between the town and the Kelsey Trail Health Region, she said. Topics also included the strong connections the town has with it's doctors and the updated status of the amalgamated medical clinic, which will open soon. Scott Moe, Minister for the Environment was thanked for the provincial contribution (matched by the federal government) that helped build the new water treatment plant. “We made sure he knew we were getting really good support and assistance from his ministry,” Elliott said. Donna Harpauer, the government relations minister, was in the same meeting as Moe, so they acknowledged the level of support the ministry provides to municipalities in their operations. Town discussed their relations with nearby aboriginal communities and how they plan to strengthen those relationships in the future. “We talked about added access to the Regional Park, which in our opinion, is quite important,” Harper said. “Right now, there's only one way to get in and out of the Regional Park.”
By JAMIE STENGLE
Associated Press
DALLAS (AP) - Texas Gov. Greg Abbott on Wednesday recommended dozens of strategies to make schools safer in the wake of the deadly shooting at a Houston-area high school, including increasing the presence of law enforcement officers at schools.
The Republican and staunch gun-rights supporter released a 43-page report that also included suggesting more mental health screening for students. A handful of the recommendations involved gun safety in Texas, a state that embraces its gun-friendly reputation and has more than 1.2 million people licensed to carry handguns.
Abbott said funding for some of the recommendations will be aided by federal grants, though others require state lawmakers to weigh in.
"We all share a common bond: And that is we want action to prevent another shooting like what happened at Santa Fe High School," Abbott, who is campaigning for re-election, said during a news conference at Dallas school district headquarters.
The report comes a day after students returned to Santa Fe High School for the first time since the May 18 shooting that killed eight students and two substitute teachers, and critically wounded a police officer.
The recommendations were made following three days of mostly closed-door meetings that Abbott quickly organized last week with school districts, shooting survivors and groups on both sides of the gun-control debate, among others.
So far, the governor has ignored calls from a handful of lawmakers from both parties to call the Legislature into special session to address gun laws - a sharp contrast to the response in Florida following the February high school shooting there that killed 17 people. Florida lawmakers, who were already in session, passed a gun-control package three weeks later, thanks in part to a lobbying campaign led by student survivors of the attack.
Texas lawmakers aren't scheduled to meet until January 2019. And unlike the students in Florida, several students at Santa Fe High School have been vocal opponents of increased gun control, including some who were invited to meet with Abbott last week.
Students who had classes in the area of the shooting were the first allowed back into the school Tuesday, followed by the rest about two hours later. All students then gathered for a two-hour assembly honoring the victims, and counselors were available.
Abbott visited the campus Tuesday, privately speaking with students, parents, teachers and staff, and presented first responders with an award for their actions.
Authorities have charged a 17-year-old student, Dimitrios Pagourtzis, with capital murder in the attack. He's accused of using a shotgun and pistol that belonged to his father. He's jailed without bond.
The family of one of the students killed in the attack has filed a lawsuit against Pagourtzis' parents.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa — Canada just missed out on third place, losing to host South Africa 19-17 on Sunday in the bronze-medal match at the Cape Town Sevens rugby tournament.
New Zealand's All Blacks beat Argentina 38-14 to win gold at the final tournament in 2017 on the HSBC Rugby Sevens series.
Nathan Hirayama had a try and made five conversions as Canada rolled past France 35-7 in the event's quarterfinals earlier in the day.
Pat Kay and Connor Braid had tries in Canada's close 14-12 loss to Argentina in the semis, setting up the match against South Africa.
“The View” host Rosie O'Donnell grilled President Barack Obama about mental illness at an intimate fund-raiser in New York. O'Donnell, who has previously revealed she is one of the “haunted,”...
Billionaire John Paulson can trace his loss of assets and senior executives to a familiar refrain: poor performance.
Paulson is now re-focusing his firm on his founding strategy -- merger arbitrage -- despite some disastrous returns in recent years. The Paulson Partners Enhanced fund, which uses borrowed money to double down, sunk 23 percent in the first two months of 2018, according to a person familiar with the matter, after plunging about 70 percent over the past four years.
The losses come amid a fund revamp at Paulson's namesake firm, once one of the biggest in the industry. It will return money to investors in some funds including the Credit Opportunities, Bloomberg News reported Friday. Investors in that credit fund can transfer their capital to a separate pool or they'll be forced to redeem.
It's a sobering turnabout for Paulson, who shot to fame and fortune a decade ago with a dramatic, winning bet against the U.S. housing market. But after a series of missteps, the firm's assets under management have dwindled to about $9 billion from a $38 billion peak in 2011. Most of what's left belongs to Paulson himself.
Paulson's share of the firm's funds has grown in recent years as investors left and performance in several funds suffered. Paulson's capital, and that of his internal staff, made up 90 percent or more of at least five of the firm's funds, Bloomberg has reported. The funds affected by the current changes predominantly manage his personal money.
A couple funds are making money this year: Paulson's Pure Spread fund, which makes less volatile bets around only announced deals, and the European Event Equities fund are both up 3 percent in the first two months of the year, another person said.
The question now is whether Paulson, 62, will ultimately shut his firm to outside investors altogether. For now, there are no immediate plans to turn the firm into a family office, people close to Paulson say. Instead it's banking on distressed debt and merger arbitrage strategies.
A representative for the firm declined to comment about changes to the funds.
Losing capital may make it harder for the firm to operate and pay staff. The company last week let go of its head of trading, Keith Hannan; head credit trader, Brad Rosenberg; and partners Victor Flores and Allen Puwalski. The cuts add to a slew of layoffs that had already shrunk staff to 95 people down from 128 in 2016.
“We are rightsizing the firm to focus on our core expertise in areas that are growing,” according to a statement Friday from the hedge fund about the layoffs.
Mika Brzezinski of MSNBC's “Morning Joe” cut off an interview Thursday with Michael Wolff, the author of “Fire and Fury,” after the two got into a heated exchange over a veiled suggestion by Wolff that U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley was having an affair with President Donald Trump.
Haley has vehemently denied the suggestion, and Brzezinski accused Wolff of disparaging her.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Michael Wolff defends affair innuendos in book 8:47 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Wolff first raised the issue publicly in an appearance last week on HBO's “Real Time With Bill Maher.”
Wolff, without naming Haley, told Maher that he was “absolutely sure” the president was having an affair but did not have enough proof to put it in the book, adding that there was a hint toward the end of the book.
In his best-selling behind-the-scenes account of the first months of the Trump White House, Wolff wrote, “The president had been spending a notable amount of private time with Haley on Air Force One and was seen to be grooming her for a national political future.”
On Maher's show, Wolff, while still suggesting that the insinuation was hidden, said, “Now that I've told you, when you hit that paragraph, you're gonna say, 'Bingo.'”
Days later, Haley denied the rumor on a podcast appearance with Politico, calling it “disgusting” and “absolutely not true.”
On “Morning Joe” on Thursday, Brzezinski told Wolff: “You might be having a fun time playing a little game dancing around this, but you're slurring a woman. It's disgraceful.”
Wolff responded that Haley “has been accused of nothing — she has decided to deny what she has not been accused of.”
“Certainly I have not accused her of this,” he added.
“Come on, are you kidding?” Brzezinski said. “You're on the set of ‘Morning Joe,' we don't B.S. here.”
“Read me the language,” Wolff said.
“Are you kidding me? I'm not reading you anything,” Brzezinski responded.
Brzezinski then moved to cut off the interview.
“If you don't get what we're talking about -- I'm sorry, this is awkward, you're here on the set with us, but we're done,” she said. “Michael Wolff, thank you. We're going to go to break now.”
Moments later, Wolff shot back at Brzezinski in a series of tweets.
My bad, the President is right about Mika. — Michael Wolff (@MichaelWolffNYC) February 1, 2018
“To be invited on a show with the purpose of being thrown off … is the new television. In other words, I had to say what Mika wanted me to say, or else … the hook!” he wrote.
“And let me repeat: Nikki Haley has chosen to vociferously deny something she was not accused of,” Wolff said.
Wolff added that the last time he was on “Morning Joe,” Brzezinski and co-host Joe Scarborough were “eager to gossip about who Trump might be sleeping with.”
“It really would be hard to gossip more eagerly off camera than Mika and Joe gossip,” Wolff tweeted.
Errol Cockfield, senior vice president for communications at MSNBC, declined to comment on the exchange. The White House did not imediately respond to a request for comment.
The bizarre, powerful flashes of light known as fast radio bursts (FRBs) may be far more common than astronomers had thought.
Throughout the universe, at least one FRB is blasting out intense radio emissions every second, a new study suggests.
"If we are right about such a high rate of FRBs happening at any given time, you can imagine the sky is filled with flashes like paparazzi taking photos of a celebrity," study lead author Anastasia Fialkov, of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics (CfA), said in a statement. [Mysterious Fast Radio Burst's Extragalactic Host Pinpointed (Video)]
FRBs were first spotted in 2007, and astronomers have found about two dozen more of the bursts in the decade since then. The flashes appear to originate in distant galaxies, but their cause remains a mystery. Some astronomers suspect that FRBs are driven by young, fast-spinning neutron stars; other researchers have speculated that FRBs could be generated by intelligent aliens.
Fialkov and fellow CfA astronomer Avi Loeb (who also chairs Harvard University's astronomy department) arrived at their estimate by extrapolating from FRB 121102, a source located 3 billion light-years from Earth that has fired off bursts repeatedly. (Last month, for example, scientists with Breakthrough Listen, a $100 million project that's looking for signs of intelligent alien life throughout the cosmos, spotted 15 repeated pulses coming from FRB 121102.)
If other FRBs are like FRB 121102, then the universe should crackle with their light, the duo found.
"In the time it takes you to drink a cup of coffee, hundreds of FRBs may have gone off somewhere in the universe," Loeb said in the same statement. "If we can study even a fraction of those well enough, we should be able to unravel their origin."
Studying FRBs could also shed light on the universe's evolution, Fialkov and Loeb said. For example, FRBs may help researchers better understand the "reionization" epoch — the time in the early universe when a pervading, light-blocking fog of neutral hydrogen was broken into its constituent electrons and protons.
"FRBs are like incredibly powerful flashlights that we think can penetrate this fog and be seen over vast distances," Fialkov said. "This could allow us to study the 'dawn' of the universe in a new way."
The new study was published earlier this month in The Astrophysical Journal Letters. You can read it for free at the online preprint site arXiv.org.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Finance expert: No, McCabe Isn't Losing His Pension
Media coverage of Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe's firing played up the angle that he was supposedly losing his pension by being canned before his 50th birthday, and politicians suggested hiring him for a few days just to round out his benefits. But that's wrong, says Elizabeth Bauer at Forbes. “In fact, the FERS (Federal Employees Retirement System) benefits vest at five years, meaning that benefit accruals cannot be taken away.” So what McCabe lost was the ability to take his pension after age 50 plus “his eligibility to a special top-up in benefit formula.” That's not nothing, “but it is grossly misleading that various news outlets are giving the general public the impression that he has lost his pension entirely.”
Numbers cruncher: Spring Breakers Hit By Tariffs
Stressed out by the Trump administration's proposed steel tariffs? Here, have a beer. While you still can, that is: Isai Chavez at e21 delivers the bad news that the tariffs will hit aluminum hard, hurting beer producers gearing up for spring break. “Approximately 11 percent of the cost of manufacturing beer in the United States comes from the production of beer cans. Furthermore, 36 percent of the aluminum found in these cans is imported. Tariffs are detrimental to beer companies because the foreign supplier of aluminum can simply raise its prices in response to the tariff.” Companies seeking to defray the tax costs might lay off workers, or pass on the higher aluminum costs to the consumers. “Neither scenario,” warns Chavez, “is good for students on Spring Break.”
Elections scribe: Dems Need a Message Besides Trump
President Trump “is reshaping the Democratic Party just as rapidly as his own,” writes Charlie Mahtesian at Politico. Dems' congressional midterm candidates talk of virtually nothing but the president, eschewing policy and regional issues for singleminded “resistance.” After reviewing ads for dozens of races, Mahtesian concludes that “even by modern midterm campaign standards, much of the language and criticism in these ads is unusually personal.” Though both George W. Bush and Barack Obama elicited plenty of oppositional anger, “they didn't feature so prominently in the primary season of their first midterm elections.” And while that might be enough for “a primary where the roiling base wants smash-mouth confrontation,” Mahtesian chides, “a more coherent agenda is going to be necessary in the fall as Republicans run on tax cuts and a humming economy.”
From the right: Advertising Isn't Mind Control
Cambridge Analytica, the data firm hired by the Trump campaign to target online advertising, appears to have misused data by misrepresenting its intended use. “No doubt, this is unethical,” offers National Review's Jim Geraghty, but it's not “significantly different from any other form of campaign messaging” and therefore its effect is being blown out of proportion. “At the heart of this is the question of whether a Facebook ad or any kind of clever advertising can get you to do something you otherwise would not do.” The Obama campaign used the same type of data in the same way, albeit without using a company accused of what could be construed as fraud. That's a key legal difference, Geraghty writes — “but let's not let the voters off the hook for their choices at the ballot box.”
Conservative take: Both Sides Hate the ‘Deep State'
Concern about the “deep state” — the permanent federal bureaucracy with the power to undermine elected officials or manipulate events from within — isn't limited to President Trump's base, fretting over saboteurs. It's a bipartisan worry, as Hot Air's Ed Morrissey points out, in noting a Monmouth University poll: “Even without the term ‘deep state,' majorities in all three political categories agree that unelected officials hold too much power in Washington: 59% of both Democrats and Republicans, and 62% of independents. When Monmouth provides a definition that tends toward the conspiratorial, it has a surprising impact on those levels of agreement. They go up, also across the board.” That explains why Trump keeps bringing it up — and why he had so much success as an outsider in the first place: “It resonates with voters who feel disconnected from their government.”
— Compiled by Seth Mandel
4th July fireworks. Fireworks display on dark sky background.
AlekZotoff, Getty Images/iStockphoto
Oh America. We're shaking our collective heads over here.
The Fourth of July is a pretty significant national holiday. It is, after all, the day we celebrate the anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of IndepenDENCE.
Note the bold and capitalized text. It is by design.
Because Twitter is apparently paying homage to a day set aside for ... dancing???
Independance Day — not Independence Day — was a popular trend on Twitter on Wednesday morning.
Even the U.S. Air Force, the city of Boston and the New Jersey government used the incorrect spelling in their hashtags.
They weren't the only ones. It even got first lady Melania Trump, who originally tweeted "Happy #IndependanceDay May God bless this great nation & all the people who protect it!"
Happy #IndependanceDay
May God bless this great nation & all the people who protect it! 🇺🇸 — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) July 4, 2018
Eight minutes later, the tweet was removed and replaced with #independenceday, spelled properly.
Happy #IndependenceDay
May God bless this great nation & all the people who protect it! 🇺🇸 — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) July 4, 2018
More: How to photograph the July 4th fireworks on your smartphone
More: Drones replace July 4th fireworks in western towns worried about wildfires. But where's the 'boom'?
Luckily, grammar sticklers have pointed out the mistake on many posts using the incorrect spelling.
Oh, America, you've actually successfully gotten #IndependanceDay trending and nobody in the thread is noticing that "independence" IS SPELLED WRONG.
🤦‍♂️ — James Michael Sama (@JamesMSama) July 4, 2018
But still, the misspelling was everywhere — even on posts that are otherwise thoughtful and serious.
Permit me to repost this stunning Alexander Hamilton quote on #IndependanceDay. If you haven't seen it, you won't believe it.#HappyFourthOfJuly pic.twitter.com/wwQZBRGqMb — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) July 4, 2018
“We can't all be heroes. Some of us have to stand on the curb and clap as they go by.” Will Rogers#GodBlessAmerica#IndependanceDay #HappyFourthOfJuly — Janie Johnson (@jjauthor) July 4, 2018
1⃣7⃣Drivers from 🇺🇸 last June
Happy #IndependanceDay to all of them ! https://t.co/9d9eSwGBs6 — 24 Hours of Le Mans (@24hoursoflemans) July 4, 2018
Happy #IndependanceDay my American followers.
Have a good one👍 pic.twitter.com/URUZYxyQ4X — Michael James (Mick The Atheist) (@MickAtheist) July 4, 2018
Happy Brexit 1776 to all my American friends #IndependanceDay🇺🇸 — Scott Dodsworth (@ScottDodsworth) July 4, 2018
Happy 4th! Just a reminder that immigrants are awesome. Here's one of my favorite imports. #IndependanceDay pic.twitter.com/sPVXs9b9dh — Amye Archer (@AmyeArcher) July 4, 2018
Happy #IndependanceDay!
Jack has his bow tie and top hat on and is ready to party.
13/10 would give many head pats pic.twitter.com/myjpyQA3Ry — Caleb Hull (@CalebJHull) July 4, 2018
“My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.” Lincoln #IndependanceDay — Nicholas Burns (@RNicholasBurns) July 4, 2018
From our entire team, have a wonderful and safe Independence Day!
Today, we're thankful for the brave men and women who've served. Your sacrifice ensures that we get to celebrate the freedoms we have in America today.
Thank you!#IndependanceDay#MNGov pic.twitter.com/cBo2p4OlcY — Jeff Johnson (@MNJeffJohnson) July 4, 2018
Take time to use spellcheck today, fellow Americans. Or maybe stick with "Happy 4th of July."
Follow Andrew Clark on Twitter @Clarky_Tweets
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
SOMETIMES there are great highs in the fashion and modelling business and I have been fortunate enough to be part of those great moments in Ireland for almost five decades now!
Some are a little more memorable than others, I'm thinking in particular over the past year of the 2016 Rose of Tralee Fashion Show and indeed the festival itself!
For the models, myself, Cecile and Asta, having the opportunity to walk down a catwalk with more than 2,000 people clapping and cheering is a rare experience not to be forgotten.
Ploughing Championships
ANOTHER great high was the National Ploughing Championships which we have been a part of for as far back as I can remember. If you haven't been there,you have to go.
It is truly a fantastic Irish experience which I'm proud to play some part in.
Can you imagine for a model agency what it is like to perform to 600 people, three times a day, showing fashions from around the country - it is an incredible experience for young models in the agency and they all love to go back every year, as do I!
O'Hara Fashion show
A WONDERFUL and unique experience for us was the Maureen O'Hara Fashion and Memorabilia show which was held in the Flying Boat Museum in Foynes last November.
The atmosphere in the museum was electric as the models descended the stairway onto a massive stage showcasing the clothes which were being projected onto screens showing Maureen wearing the fabulous creations from all of her movies.
She was one of Hollywood's greatest movie stars and the fact that in a village called Foynes something like this could happen was amazing and the woman responsible for all of this was, of course, Margaret O'Shaughnessy.
Another great one for us in 2016 was Riverfest in Limerick city where all the fashion stores got together for Fashion Friday in Arthur's Quay.
There was also Inspire, a three-day event at the Crescent Shopping Centre, where management brought celebrities in sports, fashion and beauty to the city for a fantastic three days of style, fashion and wellbeing.
On behalf of yours truly and the agency, I wish you all a very Happy and Healthy New Year!
Celia
Tragic car crash involving popular golfer leaves tournament shaken PACIFIC PALISADES, Calif. — On the eve of the Genesis Open, tragic news involving one of the most well-liked players on the PGA Tour from one of the most well-respected...
Tiger ‘didn't even look like the same person': PGA Tour pros react When they play in Thursday's opening round in the Memorial Tournament at Jack Nicklaus' Muirfield Village Golf Club, some of golf's biggest names and brightest stars will be featured in...
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — The treatment of her sister's back injury has caused Republican gubernatorial candidate Beth Harwell to reevaluate Tennessee's ban on medical marijuana.
Harwell, who is speaker of the state House of Representatives, told a Republican gathering earlier this month that allowing medical marijuana has come up as part of a discussion about how to tackle the state's opioid crisis.
The longtime Nashville representative said her sister was recently prescribed opioids after breaking her back.
“She was in a yoga class and came down out of a shoulder stand the wrong way,” Harwell said. “And she was, of course, in a great deal of pain.”
But after the initial doses, she wanted to stop taking the painkillers.
“She called me and said, ‘I want you to know that if I continue this opioid regimen I will become addicted to opioids,'” Harwell said. “She said, ‘There was no doubt in my mind.'”
Harwell's sister lives in Colorado where marijuana has been legalized, so she decided to send her husband out to buy her some of the drug, which she consumed mixed with coconut oil for four or five days until she felt better.
“So I have some personal interest in this now,” Harwell said.
Harwell said she still opposes the legalization of recreational marijuana, citing her experience visiting her daughter when she attended the University of Colorado in Boulder.
“If you visit Boulder, you won't be for the recreational use of marijuana,” she said.
Harwell earlier this year formed a House task force to work on proposals to address opioid and prescription drug abuse in Tennessee. She said the panel will evaluate medical marijuana as part of that process.
“We're open to that, we're looking at that,” said Harwell, though she cautioned that the Republican group of state lawmakers remains wary about the issue.
Harwell is running for the Republican nomination to succeed term-limited Gov. Bill Haslam. Her Republican rivals include state Sen. Mae Beavers of Mt. Juliet, U.S. Rep. Diane Black, and businessmen Randy Boyd of Knoxville and Bill Lee of Franklin.
The state's gubernatorial primary will be held on Aug. 2, 2018.
Hong Kong's top court ruled on Wednesday that a British lesbian should be granted a spousal visa in a landmark judgment that could open the door for expatriate same-sex partners to move to the Chinese-ruled city.
The British woman, who requested to be identified only as QT in court, sued the director of immigration in 2014 after she was denied a spousal visa that would have granted her resident status and allowed her to work without the need for a separate visa.
- Advertisement -
In this file photo taken on November 6, 2015 people take part in the LGBTQ pride parade in Hong Kong.Isaac Lawrence / AFP/Getty Images
The woman and her partner, a dual British and South African national identified only as SS and who was offered work in Hong Kong, had entered into a civil partnership in Britain. QT did not appear in court.
“Although I cannot be with you in person today, that does not diminish the joy I feel, knowing that Hong Kong's highest court has upheld my right, as a lesbian woman, to be treated equally by the Hong Kong government,” QT said in a statement.
She plans to live in Hong Kong, instead of flying back and forth to Britain as she has been doing for years.
“I won't feel like a second citizen anymore and I can have the basic rights like anyone else, from as simple as having a library card to having healthcare,” she told reporters by phone.
The unanimous ruling by five judges, upholding a lower court's decision, brings to an end the case involving rights for the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, which won support from more than 30 global banks and law firms, including Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley.
“This ruling strengthens Hong Kong's ability to attract global talent and its competitiveness as Asia's pre-eminent global center for commerce,” the companies said in a statement.
The decision goes beyond immigration and effectively recognizes the rights of local and foreign same-sex couples who legally entered civil partnerships abroad, said the British woman's lawyer, Michael Vidler.
“We never argued this case is about same-sex marriage for Hong Kong, but we hope this case will pave the way for exactly that,” he said outside the Court of Final Appeal.
Hong Kong's Immigration Department said it respected the ruling.
“We are studying the judgment carefully and shall seek legal advice as necessary before deciding the way forward,” it said.
“SHAKY FOUNDATIONS”
Hong Kong could become the first Asian jurisdiction to officially grant dependent visas to same-sex partners, even though it already makes some exceptions to diplomats.
Foreign diplomats in mainland China also say the Chinese government has been issuing de facto spousal visas to same-sex partners in recent years.
Although Taiwan set a precedent in Asia last year when its constitutional court ruled that same-sex couples have the right to legally marry, gay marriage has not been legalized yet.
An official website stated that same-sex spouses do not qualify as spouses for immigration purposes.
Japan does not officially grant dependent visas to same-sex couples, but some married foreign couples say they managed to get one.
Hong Kong is a popular destination for expatriates, many of whom work in the city's financial services and legal sectors.
Homosexuality was decriminalized in 1991, although marriage is legally defined as a monogamous union between a man and a woman. It does not recognize same-sex marriage.
There is no law against sexual discrimination in the territory which is governed under a “one country, two systems” formula that promises it a high degree of autonomy, a legal system separate from that of mainland China and an independent judiciary.
In a 45-page judgment, the judges said the director of immigration's assertion that an obvious difference existed between marriage and a civil partnership rested on “shaky foundations”.
The court also said that while the director of immigration's policy aimed to attract foreign talent, the act of rejecting same-sex partners was counter-productive.
It had not allowed the 31 global banks and law firms' to join in the court case, but acknowledged their effort in the judgment.
“As is evident from the attempted intervention of the banks and law firms, the ability to bring in dependants is an important issue for persons deciding whether to move to Hong Kong,” it said.
Veteran LGBTQ activist Billy Leung, who arrived at court with a small rainbow flag, said he knew at least six same-sex couples who had chosen not to move to Hong Kong or had left the city in the past five years over what they described as a lack of LGBTQ-friendly policies.
“The struggle is real,” he said.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
DUBAI: Houthi militants attacked a United Arab Emirates ship off the coast of Yemen, wounding one crew member, Saudi state news agency SPA reported on Thursday.
“A UAE ship was attacked by a missile fired by the Houthi militias, causing no damage to the ship. ... One crew member was injured,” SPA said, citing a statement by the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen.
The ship was attacked upon its departure from the Yemeni port of Al-Mokha, SPA said. The Red Sea port of Al-Mokha is close to the Bab Al-Mandab shipping lane through which much of the world's oil passes.
DUBAI: Houthi militants attacked a United Arab Emirates ship off the coast of Yemen, wounding one crew member, Saudi state news agency SPA reported on Thursday.
“A UAE ship was attacked by a missile fired by the Houthi militias, causing no damage to the ship. ... One crew member was injured,” SPA said, citing a statement by the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen.
The ship was attacked upon its departure from the Yemeni port of Al-Mokha, SPA said. The Red Sea port of Al-Mokha is close to the Bab Al-Mandab shipping lane through which much of the world's oil passes.
A bad earnings season for the tech industry just got worse with Google's parent joining the ranks of stocks tumbling after results.
Shares of Alphabet Inc. slumped almost 5 percent as of 1:10 p.m. in New York after first-quarter results sparked concern that the internet company is embarking on a new spending binge to keep up with its biggest rivals. Other tech giants fell in tandem, with the FANG complex that also includes Facebook, Amazon and Netflix seeing almost $85 billion in market value wiped out.
The slump was a fresh blow to investors who had hoped earnings would serve as an antidote to concerns that global trade disputes and the threat of government regulation would upend growth. So far, the latest earnings season has done little to validate bulls' faith, with tech stocks falling an average 2.2 percent in first-day reactions.
The trend bodes poorly for Facebook and Amazon when they report in the next two days. Should the pattern continue, it'll exacerbate pain for investors who poured money into the industry just as its biggest companies began faltering.
Source: Evercore ISI
Fund managers have raised their exposure to tech stocks more than any other industry over the past month, according to a survey by Evercore ISI released on Tuesday. The bullish bets proved ill-timed as the group trailed all but one of the 11 sectors in the S&P 500 over the stretch.
— With assistance by Michael Bellusci
How Does a 10-Year Treasury Yield at 3% Impact Markets?
Investors are weighing the implications of climbing bond yields that have been spurred in part by higher commodity prices and concern surrounding their inflationary impact on the wider economy. But volatility in interest-rate markets remains low and equity price swings are well off the highs seen earlier this year, indicating investors believe rising borrowing costs may not be enough to cause outsized pain to equities -- for now. (Source: Bloomberg)
At one level you work together in order to make your venture a success. On other occasions you are in opposite corners with eyes firmly fixed on the prize up for grabs.
It's one way of teeing up the Longford senior football final – a repeat pairing of last year's decider involving Mullinalaghta St Columba's and Abbeylara.
Mullinalaghta, after a gap of 66 years without a county title, celebrated a famous victory. The win was only their third county success.
As for their opponents consecutive final losses will no doubt make them even more determined to get it right this time.
Yet these neighbouring clubs, close to the Cavan border, pool their resources when it comes to the underage ranks. The amalgamation saw the creation of Northern Gaels and teams playing at U12, 14, 16 and minor level.
"It's a coming together that has worked really well in the development of talent," says Gerry Gilligan, a treasurer with the Abbeylara club.
"Both clubs and ultimately the Longford U21 and senior sides have also benefited.
"Northern Gaels has certainly served a purpose."
The fruits of that endeavour will be very much on display at Glennon Brothers Pearse Park on Sunday next. With the venue currently undergoing redevelopment, the hope is that the rains will stay away to allow those watch the 100th Longford final in comfort.
Talking of key dates and anniversaries, 2018 will mark 50 years since Longford won its only Leinster championship. They defeated Laois in the decider before losing to a Kerry team featuring Mick O'Dwyer and Mick O'Connell in the All-Ireland semi-final.
Because of its proximity to Connacht and Ulster, you often wonder how Longford would have fared if their championship summer saw them placed in those provinces? It's no to say they would have added to their provincial, but they could have had a few more days in the sun. That said, in recent times the midlanders taken out a few big hitters in the less strangulated world of the qualifiers.
And then when the clocks turned back in 2016, Mullinalaghta, carrying the Longford flag, did something similar as they embarked on their provincial journey.
They would play scant regard to their underdog tag, a fact Laois' Stradbally and St Loman's of Westmeath know only too well.
Mullinalaghta players before last season's Leinster championship game with St Vincent's
Club chairman John Keegan takes up the story.
"Beating Stradbally was a great thrill. We were new to all of it. It was amazing; to some extent we were living the dream. We wouldn't have been expected to give Stradbally a reasonable game.
"In the end we surprised them, though it wasn't a great surprise to ourselves because we have a great group of young fellas with a never-say-die attitude who will always fight to the final whistle. Stradbally, I think were taken aback by the determination of our lads."
Eventually the journey ended when St Vincent's beat them at the semi-final stage.
Yet it was a season to remember for Mullinalaghta and the team made it their business to remember those who came before when it finally ended its long wait for county honours.
"After we won the county final, the lads wanted to go to the cemetery to honour the men that had gone before them," Keegan revealed.
"Not alone to honour the team that had won previously but to honour those who had contributed to keeping the club alive over the 60 intervening years. It was a gesture to those who hadn't got a reward, they wanted to include them."
Action from the 2015 Longford final involving Abbeylara and Killoe
Abbeylara have had more defeats than losses in county finals since 1997. Still they treasure their victories from 2000 and 2006. Looking ahead to the another neighbourly decider, Gerry Gilligan says Mullinalaghta's favourites tag is well justified.
"Mullinalaghta are definitely favourites, there is no doubt about that," Gilligan surmised without any hesitation.
"They are a good side and are the defending champions, a tight group with a tremendous drive. Yeah, they are very much form team.
"That said, we put up a good score in the semi-final (against Mostrim) and we'll give it a lash. There was little between the sides last year. We'll hope for decent support, and I'm sure a crowd from Mullahoran, Granard and Colmcille will also be present."
John Fay's Abbeylara adventure continues https://t.co/fkap2o1Pjs — Abbeylara GAA Club (@AbbeyGAA) October 3, 2017
In the words of John Keegan, Mullinalaghta "had two staggers" before reaching this final as both Killoe and Clonguish took them to replays, games he admitted where the side did not play particularly well.
Much to anticipate then ahead of the big throw-in.
It's often said what's small is wonderful.
There are 250 houses in Abbeylara, 55 to 60 players to call on, while the club membership currently stands at about 150.
Mullinalaghta is a half parish, the other half is Lough Gowna in Co Cavan. It's all rural, with its 11 townlands housing about 420 people.
In summing up what the GAA means to both men, Keegan replied: "The GAA is at the heartbeat of rural Ireland. To be fair about it, we might give out about the GAA at times but we don't have anything else. It serves a lot of purposes in our locality. My son John is involved and you just to make that contribution."
Gilligan added: "I've had some great moments with the club. It's a club I have a passion for. You just want it to see it being successful."
Longford SFC final - Abbeylara v Mullinalaghta, Glennon Bros Pearse Park, 4pm
Hellish commutes in and out of Manhattan, like last week's, will happen more often if the feds don't pony up billions of dollars for Amtrak repairs, Sen. Charles Schumer warned Sunday.
Years of delays have created a $28 billion backlog of needed fixes for the railroad, and it's only a matter of time before serious delays are commonplace — or disaster strikes, the Democrat said.
“No matter how hard Amtrak or other rail systems work to prioritize safety, because of a lack of funding, some projects and improvements are just not getting done,” Schumer said.
He said he hopes a $1 trillion general infrastructure plan advocated by President Trump will pump money into the so-called Gateway Program to help replace some of Amtrak's tunnels.
“In seven to 10 years, the tunnel could collapse,” Schumer said, referring to the train connections under the Hudson River.
A derailment last week left Penn Station in chaos for days.
In the long run, fixing NYCHA means replacing it Tenants are suing to have a monitor imposed over New York's largest slumlord, the city Housing Authority. But ­NYCHA's problems go far beyond mismanagement: In the long run, it looks...
Small-screen stars slash price of their penthouse “How I Met Your Mother” and “Friends From College” star Cobie Smulders and her husband, Taran Killam, who formerly had roles in “Hamilton” and on “Saturday Night Live,” have dropped...
The joys of living in New York's utopian planned communities In 1932, Frank Lloyd Wright, America's greatest architect, unveiled a suburban model town he called Broadacre City. Like many utopian plans, it included everything from monorails (for easy transport) to...
Suspected cab thief jumps in Hudson to evade police A carjacking in lower Manhattan on Friday morning ended with the suspect in the water, witnesses said. The 58-year-old suspect stole a yellow cab from in front of the Conrad...
Cuomo's new appointees to Battery Park City board don't even live there No one on Battery Park City's governing board actually lives in the pricey downtown neighborhood — and Gov. Cuomo just passed up a chance to change that. Cuomo recently named...
Oliver Stone buys $4M high-rise in Battery Park Oscar-winning filmmaker Oliver Stone, a native New Yorker, is buying a 24th-floor unit at Riverhouse, at 2 River Terrace in Battery Park City, according to sources familiar with the deal....
Man fatally leaps off of high-rise building A 59-year-old man fatally jumped from a luxury high-rise in Battery Park City on Sunday, fire officials said. Firefighters and paramedics rushed to the scene of the waterfront building on...
Man busted for attempted rape trying to grab his cell phone: sources A Queens man was arrested in an attempted rape at a Battery Park hotel Sunday when he returned to the scene of the alleged crime to retrieve his phone, police...
Police investigating sexual assault report Police are investigating a report of a sexual assault at a Battery Park City hotel, sources said. The assault was reported sometime early Sunday morning at the Conrad Hotel on...
Ben Foster and Laura Prepon welcome first child The "Orange Is the New Black" star and fiancé Foster announced Prepon's pregnancy in January.
Wedding planning is no picnic for Laura Prepon and Ben Foster "Apparently doing the list for your wedding is a whole thing that could cause some issues," Prepon admitted.
Former Talking Heads frontman David Byrne, actor Macaulay Culkin and director Ariel Schulman were also in the audience for the show, which benefitted Opus 118 Harlem School of Music.
Investors are punishing Facebook Inc. following the disclosure that a political-advertising firm held onto personal data for millions of the social media giant's users without their permission. Wall Street analysts say it's a good chance to buy.
Facebook dropped as much as 8.1 percent on Monday, its biggest intraday loss in two and a half years, after reports said Cambridge Analytica, a firm that worked for Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election, improperly obtained and then retained data from 50 million Americans even after Facebook asked it to delete the information. Despite all the political noise, it's hard to see potential regulation seriously damaging the company's dominance in online advertising, several analysts said.
“This is more ‘headline risk' at this point and does not overly concern us,” Daniel Ives, head of technology research at GBH Insights, said in a note to clients. Ives maintained his buy rating on Facebook shares, saying any stock weakness related to “regulatory and political headline risk” could be an opportunity.
The Cambridge Analytica breach, first reported by the New York Times and the Guardian's Observer newspaper, is the latest in a procession of controversies for the internet giant. Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg has pledged to “fix” the platform after revelations last year that Russian agents used it to try to influence the 2016 presidential election. There's also a growing backlash among pundits and journalists suggesting Facebook divides people rather than accomplishing its original mission of bringing the world together. Politicians in the U.K. and U.S. have called for enhanced regulations and transparency, especially when it comes to political ads on the site.
The core value of Facebook is the trove of highly specific information it has on each of its users, which number 1.37 billion worldwide. It's possible the site will become a less appealing place for advertisers if politicians enact strict rules on how that data can be used, Debra Aho Williamson, principal analyst at research firm EMarketer, said in an email.
“This specific incident is not likely to cause advertisers to leave Facebook, but it will cause them to think twice about how data about Facebook's users is handled,” Aho Williamson said. “If Facebook were forced to change the way it uses data or the way its ad products work, then advertisers may become less enamored with it.”
Still, when it comes to digital advertising, Facebook and Alphabet Inc.'s Google have a lock on the market. Together, the two companies accounted for 58.5 percent of the U.S. market in 2017, according to EMarketer. That means advertisers have little choice but to spend on Facebook if they want to get their message out to the widest audience online.
“Facebook and Google still very much enjoy an advertising duopoly, and although engagement is arguably at risk, there are no real alternatives of scale,” James Cakmak, an analyst at Monness Crespi Hardt and Co., wrote in a note. “This is an unintended, yet unavoidable, byproduct of operating a platform with 30 percent of the global population.”
— With assistance by Sarah Frier
We're all in the midst of summer, but fashion houses are dreaming of fall. While fashionistas can't get over the latest trends of the season, the ones for autumn are already in. And we must admit, they're better than ever. Coach is another luxury label to release their Fall 2018 campaign this month. What's even better, Stuart Vevers decided once again to tap his favorite muse and the brand's ambassador Selena Gomez. The singer flaunts a number of dreamy looks, which are expected to be huge during the colder days.
Gomez is joined by a cast of gorgeous models, most of which are also Coach's ambassadors. The very diverse range of faces comes from all around the world. In the Fall 2018 campaign, you'll also see Chinese actor Timmy Xu, Japanese actress Kiko Mizuhara, Chinese actress Guan Xiaotong, models Lily Nova, Blesnya Minher, Ali Latif, Joaquim Arnell, Nina Gulien, William Grant and Remington Williams.
“I love the way that we have pushed the Coach gang further this season to be more unique, diverse and just overall cool in their attitude. It's how I see people here in New York enjoying wearing clothes and just feels really relevant to me.”- Stuart explained in a press release.
This is Selena's third Coach campaign since joining the label in December 2016. The singer once again stood in front of Steven Meisel's lenses during the photoshoot. Just like all the times before, the iconic Pat McGrath took care of her makeup. Celebrity hairstylist Guido Palau handled the hairstyle, while Fabien Baron is the creative director of the ads. In the shots, Gomez is rocking a fabulous sheer black dress, with a statement lace neckline. The singer is also holding one of Coach's latest additions in the bag selection, a printed black piece.
The all-American vibes in the line are more than obvious. This is something that Vevers introduced once he took over the leading spot at Coach. Each piece features Western details, done in a very sophisticated way. In other words, Stuart managed to perfectly balance between the old and the new. New York in the 90's was the inspiration behind the designs, makeup, and hair. For all the lovers of prairie dresses, this collection is the dream. Vevers included an array of fabrics among which lace and silk. Thanks to the fresh perspective of the designer, the young, inspiring ambassadors, and the diverse cast, Coach is making some significant progressive changes.
Photo Credit: Coach
Forestry Minister Shane Jones has launched a tree planting programme called Mātariki Tū Rākau to remember and recognise those men and women who have served in the New Zealand Defence Force (NZDF).
Communities across the country are set to plant up to 350,000 trees during the month of Matariki this year to recognise the people in our armed forces. It will be carried out on various types of land, such as marae, public parks, and places of remembrance.
Mr Jones says, “Just under 30,000 men and women have died in action since the beginning of the First World War.”
He says, the Ministry of Primary Industries and the Ministry of Culture and Heritage will work closely with Local Government New Zealand and iwi to identify suitable land for planting as well as appropriate consents.
“This is another initiative in the One Billion Trees planting programme and will mostly be native trees," says Jones.
He also says, “We want to see families and the wider community getting involved in recognition to the NZDF personnel who have proudly served their country. It would also potentially provide an opportunity for communities to recognise special groups such as the Māori Battalion.”
The Ministry for Primary Industries will partner with the Ministry of Culture and Heritage, Ministry of Defence, New Zealand Defence Force, Te Puni Kōkiri, iwi and the Returned Services Association and is in discussions with Local Government New Zealand to deliver the initiative.
Is it time for another look at a beaten-down sector?
In recent years, investors have avoided real estate investment trusts like the plague — or like the half-empty malls in Rust Belt towns, anyway. Concerns about rising interest rates, an aging real estate cycle and the “Amazon effect” have punished REITs: the Vanguard REIT ETF VNQ, -0.05% is up 1.7% for the year to date, creamed by the 18.6% gain for the S&P 500 SPX, +0.23% .
But now, like the merchandise at a department store going-out-of-business sale, REITs may be cheap enough to warrant another look. And smart diversification means there are plenty of reasons to be in all kinds of real estate, some analysts believe.
“There are some concerns around commercial valuations being expensive, but we're still in a slow and steady recovery,” said Michael Underhill, chief investment officer at Pewaukee, Wis.-based Capital Innovations, LLC. “Most investors are under-allocated to the real estate space.”
The business models that underlie individual REITs should outweigh considerations about interest-rate and economic cycle risk, Underhill believes. “Every REIT is different because of the underlying assets as well as the underlying leverage or debt,” he said.
Read: Opinion: Here's what will make real estate investing great again
Two of Underhill's picks are plays on big demographic shifts. As the Baby Boomers retire and age, a REIT like Ventas Inc., which he calls “a leader in elderly care,” with senior housing, medical office buildings and skilled nursing facilities makes sense.
Ventas VTR, +0.11% has a dividend yield of 4.9%. It carries a hold recommendation among analysts surveyed by FactSet and an average target price of $64.76. That's fractionally above its Monday trading level of $63.
The only generation in American history bigger than the Boomers is the Millennials, and Underhill thinks self-storage facility REITs are the best way to capitalize on their moves and tendency to purchase homes that are smaller than the ones their parents may have owned. REITs like Extra Space Storage, Inc. also stand to benefit when Boomers downsize.
The FactSet consensus is for a hold rating on Extra Space Storage EXR, +1.67% , with a target price of $86.28, pretty much where it's trading now. It has a dividend yield of 3.6%.
But of all REIT flavors, Underhill is most positive on multi-family and industrial. He especially likes logistics giant Prologis Inc. PLD, -0.60% . “Shipping and logistics is one of the most sexy places where you can get income tied to e-commerce, but not tied to technology risk.”
The REIT analyst team at JPMorgan, meanwhile, takes a contrarian view. “We continue to stand by our recent call to swap out of the industrial sector and into retail (particularly the malls),” they wrote in a year-ahead preview. “Industrial valuations appear full to us, and we see a number of stocks in the space where the Street has gotten ahead of itself in terms of 2018 earnings growth.”
Retail REITs are still “on the cheap side,” the analysts wrote, retailer earnings may start to perk up, and investor and deal-making interest may accelerate. Their pick is the Macerich Company, in part for its “heavily discounted valuation” and “high quality portfolio that should continue to generate respectable organic growth.”
‘Shipping and logistics is one of the most sexy places where you can get income tied to ecommerce but not tied to technology risk.' REIT analyst Michael Underhill
The “heavily discounted valuation” bit is clear as Macerich MAC, -3.73% stock has lost nearly 8% in value so far in 2017, but FactSet analysts don't share in the optimism about the company: the consensus target price is about 3% lower than its current trading level.
Read: Opinion: Putting retail REITs to the Buffett test
And it's worth noting that plenty of other industry-watchers remain wary about REITs generally.
Investor Rick Daskin, who serves as president of RSD Advisors, and subadvises Cumberland Advisors on MLP strategy, thinks interest-rate risk trumps fundamentals for REITs. As the Federal Reserve continues to raise rates, a new chair takes over at the central bank, and Congress plows ahead with fiscal stimulus that's likely to be inflationary, it's a skittish time for income investors.
Rising rates can whack REITs in a couple of ways. If properties have to pay more to borrow, they won't be as profitable. What's more, the dividend they pay to investors may be worth less.
“I am nervous about the Fed making a mistake and raising rates too fast. Often when you get a Fed chair change, markets test the chair,” Daskin said. “I'm not a bear but I am a bit cautious. Even though financial conditions are loose, I'm worried about them tightening.”
Analysts at UBS put it this way: “We underweight those sectors that don't benefit much from lower taxes (utilities, REITs, materials),” they wrote.
“I'd almost rather take my chances in the bond market,” Daskin told MarketWatch.
Read: Republican tax plan could grind affordable housing construction to a virtual halt
Ex-Avon CEO loses $600K on Park Ave. condo sale There's no lipstick needed for this stunning home. Andrea Jung, the former CEO of beauty giant Avon, has sold her 1110 Park Ave. residence for $17 million — roughly $600,000...
Avon CEO stepping down under activist pressure Cosmetics maker Avon Products, which has been under pressure from activist investor Barington Capital, said on Thursday Sheri McCoy will step down as chief executive in March next year. Barington...
Avon's CEO is expected to leave the company Avon Products Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter. Activist investor Barington Capital has been...
Avon disappoints as sales rep ranks shrink Cosmetics maker Avon Products reported fourth-quarter revenue and profit that missed estimates as demand slipped in all but one of its markets. Revenue fell 7 percent in Europe, Middle East...
Ailing Avon sells majority stake in North American business Avon, the nearly 130-year-old cosmetics company that got its start peddling perfumes door-to-door, is selling the majority of its North American business. The New York-based company said Thursday that buyout...
Avon heiress looking to double her money on Midtown pad Talk about doubling your money! In 2005, the widowed Avon heiress Sandra McConnell bought a $7.5 million apartment at One Beacon Court after selling her Sutton Square townhouse for $16.2...
Ex-Avon employee claims company exploited celebrity clients A former celebrity handler for cosmetics giant Avon claims in a lawsuit that her greedy bosses manipulated its pitchmen, including Derek Jeter, Reese Witherspoon and Salma Hayek. Mary Kate O'Neill...
Bulgarian 'bandit' behind fake Avon bid: SEC A shadowy Bulgarian trader is the alleged mastermind behind last month's bogus bid for Avon.
Who's that knocking? Avon bid looks to be a hoax In an elaborate hoax, a seemingly fake UK private equity firm on Thursday fooled US regulators and investors into thinking it was making a very rich — and very real...
Video
Julian Fellowes talks about how his parents had very different upbringings, and as a boy he witnessed his mother's treatment by relatives of his father who believed she'd been out to "better himself" by marrying him.
From left, Terri Herring, a long time Mississippi abortion foe, speaks with House Judiciary B Committee chairman Andy Gipson, R-Braxton, from left, and Rep. Chris Brown, R-Nettleton, outside chambers at the Capitol in Jackson, Miss., following the passage of House Bill 1510, which could make the state the first to ban most abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy, on Feb. 2, 2018. Rogelio V. Solis / AP
- Advertisement -
The Mississippi bill would allow exceptions if a fetus wouldn't survive outside the womb, or when the woman is threatened with death or permanent impairment of a “major bodily function.” Those are the same exceptions in the current 20-week ban.
Rep. Becky Currie, the bill's sponsor and a Brookhaven Republican, said it was appropriate for Mississippi to impose an earlier threshold to cut off abortion, saying most women have known for months that they're pregnant.
“At that time, it's time to decide whether you're going to carry this child or not,” Currie said.
Related:
Trump blasts Roe v. Wade in satellite address to anti-abortion rally
No one has legally challenged Mississippi's 20-week ban, but Diane Derzis, who owns the state's only abortion clinic in Jackson, has said she passed on a challenge because her Jackson Women's Health Organization didn't perform abortions after 20 weeks. However, she said Tuesday that her clinic does perform abortions for about three weeks past the new proposed ban. Gipson said state records show about 200 abortions a year are performed on women who are between 15 and 20 weeks pregnant.
The U.S. Senate on Monday rejected legislation designed to ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy. The vote was 51-46, shy of the 60-vote threshold to advance the legislation.
Influential US Senator Lindsey Graham is on a tour of the Middle East, visiting Turkey, eastern Syria and Iraq in recent days, as he seeks to shore up US relationships. Graham, who met with US partners in eastern Syria and with Kurdish autonomous region's prime minister in Iraq, is well placed to stabilize US policy in the region. The South Caroline Senator, who is outspoken on US foreign policy and a supporter of a strong national defense, has had a close, but sometimes frayed, relationship with US President Donald Trump.
A former Air Force officer, he has served in the Senate since 2003 and chairs a subcommittee dealing with the Department of State, army personnel and crime and terrorism. The Senator, an outspoken supporter of Israel, was last in the region when he was in Jerusalem for the opening of the US Embassy in May.
He is well placed to play a key role in US relationships with Iraq, Turkey and the Syrian Democratic Forces in eastern Syria. In Turkey Graham and Senator Jeanne Shaheen of Vermont, met with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, becoming the highest level US delegation to meet the Turkish president since he won re-election as president in June.Erdoğan has secured sweeping new presidential powers but his relations with the US have frayed due to numerous controversies. Several US Senators, including Shaheen, have sought to block F-35 sales to Turkey partly because Ankara is growing closer to Russia. Graham and Shaheen discussed Turkey's detention of US pastor Andrew Burnson.“Very good, respectful, and candid meeting with President Erdoğan. We have real differences but far more in common. Turkey needs to be a strategic partner for the US in a win-win fashion,” Graham tweeted on June 29. The tweet, that appeared to represent a conciliatory US stance caused concern among some US partners in eastern Syria, including Kurds affiliated with the People's Protection Units (YPG), which are a component of the SDF.Ankara has accused the YPG of being connected to the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which it sees as a terrorist organization. In January Turkey sent troops into the Afrin region of Syria to push the YPG away from the border and Turkish officials have threatened to move on Manbij, an area in Syria east of the Euphrates that is controlled by US partners among the SDF.This controversy has put the US in an awkward position of being an ally of Turkey but also working with those Turkey considers an enemy. Ankara has been hosting Iranian officials and Russia more often in the last year, signaling what some in Washington see as a slow tend of turning away from the West. Graham's visit was designed to address these issues and sound out Erdoğan on Turkey's moves.In Manbij, Graham met with the local council and said it was important for the US to stay there and he would tell Trump that the US should continue to help its friends in eastern Syria. “If we leave it will be terrible, I will tell the story of Manbij to my colleagues, it is a place of hope in a region that needs hope.”According to locals he met with Abu Adel, the head of the Manbij Military Council. Manbij was liberated from Islamic State in 2016 after a bloody battle that also saw several American volunteers with the YPG die fighting ISIS. In June, US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo discussed a “road map” for Manbij that would see Turkish patrols near the city. Turkey launched a military operation called Euphrates Shield in Syria in the fall of 2016 ostensibly to clear ISIS from the border but also to counter the SDF offensive from Manbij which Ankara was concerned would seek to link up with Afrin. This created a complex puzzle of tensions whereby the US-led anti-ISIS Coalition partner of the SDF almost clashed with Turkey, a NATO-ally of the US. Since then Washington has sought calm in Manbij.After his meetings in Manbij, Graham traveled to Erbil in northern Iraq's Kurdistan region where he met Kurdistan Regional Government Prime Minister Nechirvan BArzani on July 3. “Pleased to receive my friend,” Barzani tweeted. He looked forward to “improving the already excellent ties between the Kurdistan Region and the US.” Graham's delegation including US Ambassador to Iraq Douglas Silliman and Deputy Commander of the Coalition Major General Walter Piatt, according to local reports.Graham's visit to eastern Syria, Turkey and Iraq is aimed at shoring up an an arc of stability after ISIS stretching from Ankara to Baghdad. These are areas where ISIS exploited the power vacuum of ungoverned spaces in 2014 to sweep down the Euphrates valley and take over parts of Iraq and Syria, committing genocide against minorities.The US intervened in August 2014 to stem the rise of the black flag, but the 70-member Coalition is still fighting ISIS in Syria and Iraq's security forces engage in almost daily raids against the extremists. Graham told Chuck Todd and NBC on July 1 that the US “allowed ISIS to rise by leaving Iraq” and, according to a local report, later told US diplomats in Iraq that the Iraqi army had been rebuilt and the US presence should remain if the Iraqi government wants it to.The question after his visit is how to knit together disparate US allies. Iraq still has no governing coalition after cleric Muqtada al-Sadr came in first in the May elections. Al-Sadr and other Shi'ite parties, some of which are close Iran allies, have been critical of the US presence and some formerly fought the US. In eastern Syria, the US has not sketched out a post-ISIS goal, besides stabilization. Graham appears to think the US should stay for the long term. In Turkey, the US policy is unclear on whether to use pressure or conciliatory gestures to work with Erdoğan. As conflicts wind down in places like Syria, trips like Graham's take on greater significance for US policy in the region.
By Rosalind S. Helderman and Tom Hamburger, Washington Post
Once again, Donald Trump is embroiled in controversy related to Russia.
The ouster of Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, caught by intelligence agencies speaking with the Russian ambassador about U.S. sanctions and then misleading administration officials about the interactions, marked the latest chapter in a months-long saga in which Trump has been unable to break free from the shadow of the United States' longtime rival.
Two advisers left the campaign amid questions about their ties to Moscow and the oligarchs that hold sway there. The FBI is probing ties between Trump associates and Russia, as is the Senate Intelligence Committee. The president himself has repeatedly praised Russia's authoritarian leader, Vladimir Putin, while he has long expressed a desire to build a Trump Tower in Moscow and boasted of how the Trump brand holds special appeal for Russian investors.
All of this coincided with Russia's role in last year's U.S. election, in which the Kremlin is accused by U.S. intelligence agencies of orchestrating hacks that targeted Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and her top aides to weaken her campaign. FBI Director James Comey also last month briefed Trump on accusations that the Russians hold compromising material about him, an unverified claim found in a dossier written by a former British spy hired by Trump's political opponents. Trump has rejected the claim as “fake news.”
Now the foreign power that allegedly hoped to help Trump gain power is in a position to undermine his grip on it, with Flynn's departure lending new gravity and intensity to long-simmering questions about Trump and Russia.
Democratic lawmakers and a handful of Republicans escalated calls Tuesday for a thorough and independent investigation into the possible connections between Trump and Russia. The line of inquiry could result in uncomfortable questions for the White House, including demands by Democrats that lawmakers seek to make public Trump's tax returns.
“There was already a cloud hanging over the administration when it comes to Russia, and this darkens the cloud,” said Eliot Cohen, who served as an adviser to the George W. Bush administration and has been a Trump critic. “This is serious.”
Sen. Roy Blunt (Mo.), a member of the Senate Republican leadership, told a Missouri radio station Tuesday that the Senate Intelligence Committee should look into Trump's Russia connections “exhaustively so that at the end of this process, nobody wonders whether there was a stone left unturned, and shouldn't reach conclusions before you have the information that you need to have to make those conclusions.”
“For all of us, finding out if there's a problem or not, and sooner rather than later, is the right thing to do,” he said.
Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., who had raised initial questions about Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's past good relations with Putin during his time as ExxonMobil's CEO, told reporters this week that senators will “go wherever the truth leads us” in the Russia inquiry.
Trump aides stressed Tuesday that the Flynn controversy was entirely about internal dynamics in the White House – and not about any larger issues related to Russia. Press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters that Flynn resigned because of misleading information he gave to Vice President Mike Pence and others, rather than the nature of his contact with the Russians. “Pure and simple, it was a matter of trust,” Spicer said.
Spicer, meanwhile, sought to portray Trump as a hawk when it comes to dealing with the Kremlin. “The irony of this entire situation is that the president has been incredibly tough on Russia,” Spicer said, citing comments from Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, who has issued recent condemnations of recent Russian military action in Ukraine.
Trump, however, has done little in his public appearances as a businessman, a candidate or as president to suggest a hard line on Russia.
For years before entering politics, Trump appeared to hold Putin in an especially high regard.
“By the way, I really like Vladimir Putin,” Trump told the Russian-language magazine Chayka in 2008 as he debuted a new Trump-branded New York City condo project that was catering in part to Russian buyers. “I respect him. He does his job well. Much better than our Bush.”
Trump continued to praise the Russian leader after President Bush left office, repeatedly citing Putin as a stronger leader than President Barack Obama.
In 2014, a year after Trump hosted the Miss Universe pageant in Moscow, he tweeted that Putin had become a “big hero” in Russia who would “rebuild the Russian empire,” even as Obama's popularity sagged.
Trump's positive words about the Russian leader during last year's campaign surprised some Republicans, considering that most GOP leaders said Putin's rise was a threat to U.S. allies and interests around the world.
In December 2015, before any ballots were cast in the primary election, Trump declared that praise he had received from Putin was a “great honor” and rejected allegations that Putin had killed journalists and other political opponents. “He's always denied it,” Trump told ABC's “This Week” on Dec. 20, 2015, adding, “I think our country does plenty of killing also.”
Trump also seemed to embrace some aspects of Russia's foreign policy agenda. He spoke of partnering with Moscow to fight the Islamic State and other radical Islamic terrorist groups, while, during the Republican National Convention, his campaign sought a tweak to the GOP platform softening a call for the United States to provide Ukraine with “lethal defensive weapons” in its ongoing fight with Russian-backed separatists.
After WikiLeaks first posted hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee, Trump refused to criticize – instead inviting Russia to hack his Democratic opponent.
“Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,” he said in July, referring to emails Hillary Clinton had deleted as personal while secretary of state.
Later, after WikiLeaks posted thousands of emails from Clinton campaign chief John Podesta, Trump resisted findings by U.S. intelligence of Russian interference.
Only in January did he say he concurred with the professionals' assessment that Russia was behind the cyberhacks that plagued his opposition.
“As far as hacking, I think it was Russia,” he said, before quickly adding. “But I think we also get hacked by other countries and other people.”
Trump has also surrounded himself with aides who had expressed similar views on Russia.
Flynn, who Trump considered naming vice president, had been particularly vocal about the potential for Russia to be a stronger ally against terrorism.
Flynn was also a frequent commentator on RT, the Russian-government funded news network and had been paid to attend a gala for the network in 2015 where he was seated near Putin.
Another top Trump aide, Paul Manafort, had financial ties with business and political leaders linked to Putin, including time spent advising the Putin-backed president of Ukraine. Manafort was named Trump's campaign manager in June but resigned in August, after Ukrainian anti-corruption investigators announced they discovered a “black ledger” showing $12.7 million designated for Manafort between 2007 and 2012 by a political party associated with the former president of Ukraine. Manafort denied any wrongdoing and rejected the suggestion that he received “off the books” funds from his work in Ukraine.
Another Trump campaign foreign policy adviser, Carter Page, delivered a speech critical of the U.S. role in promoting democracy while visiting Moscow in July. An energy consultant who worked in Moscow for Merrill Lynch a decade ago, Page had been little known in Washington policy circles until Trump named him publicly as an adviser in March.
After reports of his speech in Moscow surfaced last summer, campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks said Page was an “informal foreign policy adviser” who “does not speak for Mr. Trump or the campaign.” In September, as criticism continued, Page took a leave from the campaign.
Sensing vulnerability, Democrats pressed Tuesday for more investigation into whether Trump has business ties in Russia that could explain his attitudes.
Trump has said he has done no deals there. But over 30 years, he has repeatedly visited Moscow and promised to one day build a tower bearing his name there.
He has also bragged about selling a mansion in Florida to a Russian oligarch for nearly $100 million, and Russian investors were key to the success of several Trump-branded buildings, particularly in Florida following the 2008 crash of the U.S. housing market.
“Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets,” Trump's son, Donald Jr., told a real estate conference in 2008, according to an account posted on the website of eTurboNews, a trade publication. “We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia.”
Trump's aides have been unequivocal that his campaign did not coordinate with Russians who meddled in the campaign.
Two days after Trump was elected, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told a reporter in Moscow that “there were contacts” between Russian officials and the Trump campaign. “Obviously, we know most of the people from his entourage,” Ryabkov told the Interfax news agency.
Russian officials later described those contacts as standard diplomatic interactions – but at the time, they were vigorously denied by Trump's transition team, with Hicks saying there had been “no contact with Russian officials.”
In fact, Ambassador Sergey Kisylak recently confirmed to The Washington Post that he had spoken with Flynn prior to Election Day.
Asked again Tuesday whether anyone from the campaign had contact with Russians before the election, Spicer told reporters he knew nothing to suggest anything had “changed with respect to that time period.”
Trump's sharp comments came shortly after Iranian president Hassan Rouhani reportedly warned of “severe consequences” if the administration “betrays the deal.”
“I am telling those in the White House that if they do not live up to their commitments … the Iranian government will firmly react,” he said, according to Reuters. “If anyone betrays the deal, they should know that they would face severe consequences.”
- Advertisement -
Shortly after the pomp and pageantry of Trump's first official state visit began on Tuesday, his split with Macron on the Iran nuclear deal was on display.
The White House has hoped to enlist European allies in new negotiations with Iran, but Europeans are pushing back on the idea of canceling the agreement, saying it would alienate Iran and prompt it to go rogue. Macron believes it would be a mistake to end the deal.
“We made this terrible deal, but we're going to discuss it,” Trump said.
In May, Trump will once again have to decide whether to recertify the Iran deal to Congress. If he doesn't, he could begin the process to reversing the deal. Iran has threatened to resume enrichment activities if the deal collapses.
Macron said Tuesday the Iran deal needed to be discussed in the broader context of the region.
“We have a common objective,” Macron said. “We want to make sure there's no escalation and no nuclear proliferation in the region. We now need to find the right path forward.”
The controversial PSA blood test can save some men's lives from prostate cancer, an influential federal panel said in new screening guidelines.
Every man between the ages of 55 and 69 is advised to talk to their doctors about taking the prostate-specific antigen blood test, according to recommendations released Tuesday by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed New Guidelines for Prostate Cancer Screenings 1:46 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The draft of the guidelines signals a major shift in prostate screening advice for men, which in 2012 discouraged testing for healthy men of any age. The task force recommends that doctors have a conversation with their male patients who don't have signs or symptoms of the disease about the benefits and drawbacks of taking the prostate-specific antigen blood test. Because prostate cancer is often a slow-growing disease, the panel still recommends against the test for men 70 and older.
"The balance of benefits and harms is still close and so that's why we're recommending that every man between the ages of 55-69 talk to his doctor ... and then make his own decision after these discussions," Dr. Kirsten Bibbins-Domingo, chair of the USPSTF and professor of medicine at the University of California San Francisco Medical Center, told NBC News. "It's really a personal choice."
Related: New Reports May Help Men Choose Prostate Cancer Treatment
A Small Benefit
Previously , medical evidence suggested that routine screening did not save lives and might lead to treatments that could cause incontinence, impotence and pain for men. The 2017 draft of the recommendations is based on new findings which tracked the effectiveness of PSA testing in clinical trials. After following patients for a longer period of time, it was shown that for every 1,000 men screened, one to two lives were saved.
"We are more confident about the benefits of screening," said Bibbins-Domingo. "We now think, on balance, there is a small benefit."
Almost 240,000 new cases of prostate cancer are diagnosed each year. It killed over 25,000 men in 2016. While some men may have symptoms, such as trouble urinating or back pain, for most the disease is silent.
The new guidelines bring the task force more in line with other groups — such as the American Urologic Association, the American College of Physicians, and the American Cancer Society — which have still encouraged patients and doctors to discuss the test.
Related: Study Finds New Ways to Know if Prostate Cancer is Dangerous
However, the task force recommendations typically carry the most weight with doctors.
"I am very positive on their new recommendation," Dr. Otis Brawley, chief medical officer for the American Cancer Society, told NBC News.
Rise of 'Active Surveillance'
The blood test isn't a diagnosis of cancer and it isn't good at detecting whether high levels of protein-specific antigens — a substance made by both good cells and cancer cells in the prostate — indicate cancer or are harmless.
In the past, PSA tests indicated tumors in men, which may never have caused them problems. The results led to unneeded biopsies, radiation, or surgeries that had life-altering side effects.
According to the Mayo Clinic, factors that can raise a PSA level, but aren't cancer, include:
Ejaculation
Bike riding, possibly because the seat puts pressure on the prostate.
Older age: PSA levels normally go up as men age, even if there's no abnormality in the prostate.
Now, rather than invasive treatments, men are more often just watched closely by their doctors.
"Because of the rising use of active surveillance, some are getting more years of life without side effects," said Bibbins-Domingo.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ben Stiller Opens Up About Cancer: 'It's a Whole New World' 1:47 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Identify Lethal Cancers
Urologist Dr. Edward Schaeffer, an advocate for widespread prostate cancer screening, welcomed the new report.
"These revisions will increase our opportunity to identify cancers with lethal potential," said Schaeffer, chair of urology at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine and Northwestern Medicine. "With active discussions between physicians and patients, individuals will be able to make the right decision for themselves."
Schaeffer, who treated the actor Ben Stiller for aggressive prostate cancer, led a controversial 2016 study that found cases of metastatic prostate cancer — the type that has started to spread in the body — nearly doubled in men aged 55 to 69 since 2004.
Report: Cases of Aggressive Prostate Cancer on the Rise
Some patients such as African-Americans or those with family history of prostate cancer are at risk of developing aggressive disease at a younger age. The panel made no special recommendations for these groups.
Dr. Therese Bevers, medical director for Cancer Prevention at the MD Anderson Cancer Center, said that some men are often poor advocates for their health and may still not ask about their PSA. Now, primary care doctors may bring up the test more.
"There will be new discussions that did not previously occur in the primary care setting," Bevers told NBC News.
Anthony Serritella is a medical fellow with NBC News. He is currently a medical student at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
NEWBERRY — Newberry College interim head coach Callie Youngman has announced the signing of six players who will join the Wolves for the 2017-18 academic year.
Newberry is coming off a successful campaign, setting a new school record for conference wins in a season and reaching the semifinal of the South Atlantic Conference Championship.
“I am very excited about the 2017 additions to Newberry College Volleyball. This is a group of young women strong in character, academics and athletics. With a core group returning from our successful 2016 campaign, we looked for student-athletes who could come in and compete right away while enhancing our practices and fit with the culture we seek to have within our program,” said Youngman.
“These are all great people, and they are joining the Newberry Volleyball Family at an exciting time,” Youngman added. “We look forward to getting them on campus, to work the classroom and, of course, into some Newberry College Volleyball jerseys. To Zoe, Rocky, Taylor, Vanessa, Kaitlyn and Whitney: thank you and welcome to Wolf Nation.”
Zoe Dinkins
Dinkins is from Chapel Hill, N.C., and attended East Chapel Hill High School. She was a member of the all-conference teams her junior and senior seasons and a member of the PAC 6 her junior year.
“Zoe is a very dynamic athlete with a highly competitive spirit. She has developed immensely as a middle hitter over the course of her senior year both in her high school and her club seasons. We anticipate that Zoe will compete for playing time early in her career and are excited to have her join our program,” said Youngman.
Rocky Carter
Carter played for three seasons under coach Mary Hall and one under David Tiffner. Carter was named to the All-State team her freshman year and the All-Tournament team her sophomore season.
“A Blythewood native, Rocky is an outside attacker with a lot of pop and a lot of power. We were thrilled she wanted to remain local and look forward to having her join our offense this fall. Outside of giving us another terminator at the net, she also brings a great tenacity to the court which we hope translates into being able to contribute early in her career,” said Youngman.
Taylor Garrison
Garrison played at Buford High School in Georgia where she won two state championships. She was also part of the runner-up team her sophomore season.
“Taylor is a great all-around player and an even better all-around person. She will be seeing time in both the setter and defensive specialist roles, a Jill-of-all-trades with a high motor. She is the type of person who is all-in for her team and we look forward to her contributions on and off the court,” said Youngman.
Whitney McCollum
“Whitney is a fantastic ball control player and will be vying for time as a defensive specialist. With her athletic ability, competitive attitude and skill set, we expect her to be able to slide into an already strong backrow and perform at a high level,” said Youngman.
Vanessa Blas
Blas is from Concord, N.C., and attended Jay M. Robinson High School. She has been named to the all-conference team all four seasons and named the best offensive player three of those seasons.
“Vanessa is a fantastic athlete with a high volleyball IQ. She is versatile in that she can play at both pin positions and has a very pure armswing. She is someone who could step in on any given night and match the athleticism and power of the front row players in this league,” said Youngman.
Kaitlyn Carpenter
Carpenter is from Goose Creek and attended Stratford High School. She was a member of the varsity volleyball team for three seasons and was named an all-Region 7-AAAA Player.
“Kaitlyn is a utility player who will be competing for time as both a setter and a defensive specialist. She is a hardworking athlete, a scrappy player, who we think could do some really good things within our program and our systems. We are excited that she picked Newberry College to continue her career,” said Youngman.
Ra'anana became the first city in Israel to have an openly gay mayor on Sunday, when Eitan Ginzburg completed his first full day of work on the job.
Ginzburg, 41, has been on the Ra'anana city council for 15 years, including most of the past six years as a paid deputy mayor. He was elected by the city council to take over as mayor when veteran Ra'anana mayor Ze'ev Bielski left to head the National Housing Authority.
“I feel there is significance that another glass ceiling was shattered, showing the progress in Israeli society,” Ginzburg told The Jerusalem Post late Sunday night, after a 14-hour first day on the job.What made the promotion even more special for Ginzburg was that he was chosen for his qualifications and experience by a consensus on the city council that included councilmen who are Orthodox.”“It felt normal because I was chosen because of my work,” Ginzburg said. “I am happy the fact that I am gay did not stop me from getting elected with the support of the Bayit Yehudi. I was chosen not because I am gay and not in spite of it, but because of the work I have done.”Ginzburg has been in a relationship with his partner Yotam for 15 years. Together, they recently had a twin son and daughter named Itai and Emma through a surrogate mother in Portland, Oregon. He said he did not realize at first how rare he was in the world.“I still haven't understood I am an example internationally,” he said. “But I've started receiving letters from around the world. I am a regular guy with emotions, feelings, and views, and I don't feel special in any way. I just see this as a message that there are no limits to success if you work hard.”The United Religious List, which is made up of Bayit Yehudi and another religious party called Darchei Noam, supported Ginzburg as interim mayor until national municipal elections, that includes Ra'anana, in October. United Religious List former city councilman Rabbi Stewart Weiss said Ginzburg “is a good man” and “has a good relationship with the religious and secular community and with Ra'anana's substantial Anglo community.”Weiss said that there is no guarantee, however, that religious parties in Ra'anana would back Ginzburg in the race for mayor that will be held in October. But serving as mayor and being the incumbent has given Ginzburg's campaign a boost.Asked if being mayor has now given him an edge in the race, Ginzburg said: “What it has given me is the right to run the city in a stable and responsible way.” He noted that he is also Israel's youngest current mayor.In his first term in the city council, Ginzburg worked simultaneously in the Knesset as an aide to then-Labor MK Matan Vilna'i. But he said he did not have national political aspirations.“My only aspiration is to win the election for mayor of Ra'anana and serve the residents,” he said. “But I do see the need to move on to the next generation. The world is developing quickly.”
Pago Pago, AMERICAN SAMOA — In her keynote address, Dr. Mafutaga Tagaloa-Tulifau, a product of the local public education system, emphasized to some 300 participants at the Governor's 2018 Youth Empowerment Summit the importance of achieving “higher education” in their future.
Tagaloa-Tulifau, a surgical podiatrist operating her own clinic in Lakewood, California, was the keynote speaker yesterday, which is day one of the two-day youth summit at the Pago Pago Youth Center, where Gov. Lolo Matalasi Moliga called on the youth to gain a better understanding of among other things, “our political status”.
KEYNOTE SPEAKER
“Youths for today, are leaders for tomorrow” which is the theme throughout the summit and “we are here to empower our youth and build their self-determination to become great leaders of America Samoa,” Tagaloa-Tulifau said at the opening of her address.
To the youth, “everyone of you is unique in your own ways and each person lives life differently,” she said. “Everyone has skills, personality, resources, experiences and potential that deserves to be discovered and nurtured.”
What's expected from all of these collective talents of the youth, is that, the “end product will serve as a solution to the problems that we are facing and will be facing in our territory,” she said.
“To build good leaders of America Samoa, our youth need higher education and there is absolutely no doubt about that,” said the 1983 class of Fagaitua High School graduate, who cited several examples of what a “higher education” can do.
It will “enable you to expand your knowledge and skills. It will enable you to express your thoughts clearly in speech and writing... [as well as] increase your understanding of the world and your community,” Tagaloa-Tulifau said.
Additionally, it “will help you understand the political system and will increase your knowledge of our government. Higher education will help you understand that we are stewards of our cultural heritage, which includes our language, land and resources so that we will preserve and protect them, so we can pass them on to our future generations, like it was passed on to us by our forefathers. And this is one of the specific goals of this summit.”
“Higher education will improve our individual qualities of life,” she said, and noted that more than 50% of her patient population suffer from chronic disease such as diabetes and high blood pressure; 100% of these patients are non compliant and 100 of these patients do not have higher education.
She explained a higher education would have helped the patients understand their medical condition so they would become more compliant and prevent several complications such as amputations and heart attacks.
“So without a college education, we may be left out. And as time goes on, the relationship between a college education and success will become more and more significant in our information driven global economy,” she said.
According to the Loma Linda University graduate, she had heard people say, “college is not for everybody” knowing the value of a college education, would more likely move you to pursue higher education.
She has also heard people say “they cannot afford college”, but this “mentality needs to change because your high school career center has a wealth of information about where to go to get money to pay for college,” she said.
Tagaloa-Tulifau then cited a well-known quote from the late former South African President, Nelson Mandela, “Education is the most powerful weapon that you can use to change the world”.
(Samoa News will report later this week on Tagaloa-Tulifau's work, including her clinic being a participant in research clinical trials, and her quest to become a physician.)
GOVERNOR'S REMARKS
In his special remarks, Lolo noted that since his administration took the helm of government in 2013, July has always been declared Youth Month, and this includes calling a youth conference or summit so that youth can exchange views and ideas and discuss issues of importance to the future of the territory.
“It is our belief that there should be conference where the young men and women of American Samoa should come together [to] share their views, ideas and discuss issues that are of critical importance to the future of American Samoa,” the governor told youth participants, who were also informed that the two-day summit is for them to “share your values, share your views and discuss some of the issues which we feel are important as we move forward.”
According to the governor, leaders have stated many times that the “future of a country is in the hands of its youth.”
“We will never get to that point unless you are given the opportunity to fully understand what the future looks like, the process of going through, in order to get to the future,” he said, noting that there are “some very critical topics” for the summit for discussion.
“Number one and foremost: ‘self determination' — the freedom for every human being to determine for him and for herself,” the governor said, and noted United Nation meetings where American Samoa is discussed as to whether it's a colony of the United States or is it a free country.
He said “American Samoa was never a colony” with the U.S. under a relationship that began over 100 years ago. And unlike other states and territories, “we were ceded to the United States by our own will and we still hold that belief... today,” he said.
As American Samoa moves forward on self-determination, Lolo said there are “some issues that we need to understand, there are some cases you need to clarify, in order for us to be free people as far as decisions making are concerned.”
“We thought we are doing okay with what we have, but until you are given that knowledge, instill that understanding in yourself, then you will be able to make that decision for our generations to come,” he told the youth participants.
He also said, “many questions have been asked as who we are” and “our political status” remains unresolved, “even the federal government doesn't fully understand, who we are... an unorganized, unincorporated territory. And each and every individual has a different definition for that political status.”
The governor told the gathering that the US Department of Interior “has been very receptive in our need and in our call to help us educate our people to understand who we are and where we are heading.”
And that's why, the Office of Political Status, Constitutional Review & Federal Relations, under the Governor's Office was established to “look into the question of self determination,” he said.
Additionally, “many questions have been asked not only to our political status, to our culture association with the US and even our own religious beliefs.”
“It is your turn, as young men and women of American Samoa, to find ways to understand who we really are,” he said.
Among the issues on the agenda for the summit is giving the Fono the authority to override the governor's veto of legislation. Currently that authority rests with the US Secretary of Interior.
Lolo said this issue will be a referendum in the November general election an he hopes the youth will share their “feelings and your attitude” on this issue.
In closing Lolo called on the participants to “gain understanding not only of political status” during the summit, but also “our culture and our religious beliefs.”
Volvo Cars CEO Says Chinese Automakers Will Become Competitive
Volvo Cars CEO Hakan Samuelsson discusses the company's future for electric and hybrid cars, growth in China, and weighs in on ride sharing. He speaks with Tom Mackenzie from the Beijing Auto Show 2018 on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Asia." (Corrects title of Samuelsson in headline.) (Source: Bloomberg)
The worst mass killer in US history was a cheapskate who sought out cut-rate meal deals at a retiree's center, according to a report.
Wealthy retired accountant and gambling addict Stephen Paddock spent huge sums to amass his arsenal, but often spent just $3.50 for a meal, the Daily Mail reported.
The 64-year-old went to the Mesquite Community and Senior Center a few times a week to eat Mexican food, meatloaf and burgers, according to the news outlet.
And on the day he drove to Vegas to check in at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, he dropped in at the government-run center to ask the cook for an enchiladas recipe, the site reported.
“We recognized Stephen when his face flashed up on TV,” said local resident Marshall Meland, 78, who was enjoying lunch at the center.
“He last came in to the center around 11 a.m. last Thursday and checked in at the desk, but didn't stop for lunch like he usually does,” he said.
“Instead, he went straight up to the counter to speak with the cook and asked her about an enchiladas dish she cooks — he wanted to know how she made it,” Meland told the outlet.
“After that he left. No one took any notice of him. It wasn't until later after what he did that we realized he drove to Vegas that afternoon. Everyone at the center is shocked.”
Other fellow diners remembered Paddock as an unsociable and quiet man who sat alone to eat his lunch.
A retired construction worker described him as “introverted.”
“He'd come in on and off, sometimes up to three times a week,” David Blake, 81, told the site.
“He's been coming in at least a year and when I first saw him I thought he was a homeless person, he was unshaven, disheveled, quiet — he wasn't a big conversationalist,” he said.
see also Vegas shooter's girlfriend reveals his bizarre behavior Las Vegas maniac Stephen Paddock showed signs he was crazy...
“He'd sit on his own, but even if there was someone else on his table he always seemed to himself. I never saw him getting into steady conversations with anyone, he didn't mingle, he was just quiet.”
Blake added that Paddock's odd behavior was not unusual in the gambling town.
“A lot of people who heavily gamble are like that, they're in a world of their own,” he said. “They don't get a chance to have much of a social life. Stephen didn't seem to me like he was in to anything else other than deep thinking of how he was going to play his next poker game.”
Everyone at the center were shocked to find out the Paddock was responsible for the unspeakable atrocity, Blake said.
“People are saying, ‘Gosh, if we knew somebody like this was in here we're not even sure we'd have come here all the time,' because they think he could have shot and killed all of us in no time,” he said.
Recent reforms in labor markets aren't reflected in higher in pay, the OECD said, reminding governments not to be distracted by stronger economic momentum.
“In spite of stronger economic growth this is no time for complacency,” the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said in its Going for Growth report published on Monday.
“The improvements in labor markets have yet to translate into significant and broad-based wage gains. Comprehensive structural reforms are needed to sustain stronger growth beyond the cyclical upswing, create more and better paying jobs, improve opportunities and strengthen inclusion.”
Credit: OECD
While the Paris-based institution highlighted reforms in Greece, Italy, France, Japan, India and Argentina over the past year, it noted that overall “the pace of reforms has remained similar to the relatively slow pace observed in the last two years and below the one observed in the direct aftermath of the crisis.”
SEATTLE (AP) Robinson Cano and Nelson Cruz hit consecutive first-inning homers, Ariel Miranda pitched seven scoreless innings and the Seattle Mariners beat the Miami Marlins 6-1 Monday night in Ichiro Suzuki's first visit to Safeco Field as a member of the 3,000-hit club.
Miranda (1-1) allowed four singles and only one runner to reach second base while striking out five. Nick Vincent pitched a perfect eighth before Evan Scribner allowed Christian Yelich's third home run in the ninth.
The Mariners won their fourth straight after a 2-8 start.
Cano crushed a 2-1 pitch from Tom Koehler (0-1) 441 feet to right-center for his second home run, a two-run shot that scored Jarrod Dyson. Cruz followed with his second homer, lining a 1-1 pitch to center to make it 3-0.
Suzuki was honored before the game for getting his 3,000th hit last season, then got another ovation before his first at-bat in the third inning.
Suzuki won two batting titles in his 11 1/2 seasons with the Mariners and set the season record with 262 hits in a 2004. He grounded out three times Monday, though, and his average dipped to .067 (1 for 15). Suzuki last played at Safeco on June 12, 2014, when he was with the New York Yankees.
The Mariners added two runs in the fourth. Leonys Martin singled, stole second and then advanced to third on an errant pick-off attempt by Koehler. Dyson's one-out looping double over third scored Martin. Dyson advanced to third on Mitch Haniger's ground out and came home on Cano's double off the wall in left-center.
Taylor Motter's third home run, a one-out-shot into the second deck in left, pushed the lead to 6-0.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Marlins: Martin Prado, who began the season on the DL (strained right hamstring), was recalled and in the lineup at 3B, batting second. Prado was 1 for 3 before coming out in the seventh inning. To make room, 1B Tyler Moore was designated for assignment.
Mariners: Manager Scott Servais hopes SS Jean Segura (strained right hamstring) is ready to come off the 10-day DL at Oakland on Thursday. Segura did some light baserunning Monday. ”Everything is leaning toward he'll be available when we go over to Oakland.” … RHP Steve Cishek (recovering from hip surgery) threw an 18-pitch scoreless inning in his first rehab appearance for Double-A Arkansas.
UP NEXT
Marlins: Left-hander Wei-Yin Chen (1-0, 7.00) has allowed seven runs over nine innings in his two starts. He lasted just three innings in his last outing, allowing six runs and seven hits, including two homers, but did not get a decision.
Mariners: Right-hander Yovani Gallardo (0-1, 6.30) makes his third start and has gone five innings each in his previous two. The last time out, he failed to protect a 5-0 lead, although he did not get the loss. Gallardo is 5-1 with a 1.90 ERA in eight career starts against Miami.
—
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
TORONTO — A “Back to the Future” reunion is set for this year's Fan Expo Canada.
Organizers say previously announced guest Michael J. Fox will now be joined by fellow “Back to the Future” stars Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson and Tom Wilson.
Edmonton-born Fox starred in the “Back to the Future” franchise as time-travelling teen Marty McFly.
Fan Expo Canada will run Aug. 30 to Sept. 2 at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre.
Other guests expected include Canadian actors Evangeline Lilly and William Shatner, and American stars Jeff Goldblum and Jason Momoa.
Also in the lineup is “Deuce Bigalow” actor Rob Schneider as well as Billy Dee Williams and Peter Mayhew of “Star Wars” and several cast members from “The Princess Bride.”
Cuomo nominates ex-aide to keep big banks in line Wall Street is getting a new overlord. Gov. Andrew Cuomo has nominated Maria T. Vullo, a former aide and a lawyer at white shoe law firm Paul Weiss, to be...
Banks eye less aggressive superintendent to lead DFS It's the Wall Street equivalent of speaker of the House. Regulating the big banks — a task that falls to the superintendent of New York's Department of Financial Services —...
New York foreclosure laws must be fixed: regulator New York's foreclosure laws are “broken,” and it's time to change them, the state's top banking regulator said Tuesday. Ben Lawsky, superintendent of the Department of Financial Services, slammed the...
US slaps Germany's Commerzbank with $1.45B money-laundering fine Another money-laundering bank is getting hung out to dry. German bank giant Commerzbank has agreed to pay $1.45 billion — its biggest fine ever — and fire an employee to...
Lawsky cracks down on lender backed by Montel Williams Money talks — unless you're Montel Williams. The former talk show host will stop endorsing MoneyMutual's payday loans in the Empire State after the company was slapped for illegally marketing...
Beleaguered Bill Erbey exiting Ocwen Financial after 27 years Bill Erbey is walking toward the exit. The chairman of Ocwen Financial, the beleaguered mortgage servicing company, is expected to step down from his position Friday after more than 27...
Lawsky probes discrimination allegations against auto lenders Ben Lawsky wants to put the brakes on shady car loans. New York's top financial regulator is investigating the financing arms of Ford, Honda, Hyundai, Nissan and Volkswagen over allegations...
Analyst compares regulation to Garner chokehold death Pity the bankers. A UK bank that aided terrorism sponsor Iran through money laundering is as much a victim as Eric Garner, the Staten Island man whose alleged chokehold death at the hands of police has...
Benjamin Lawsky lassoes $315M for misleading DFS It was a fine so nice, the state got it twice. Top New York financial regulator Benjamin Lawsky socked the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ with a second, stiffer fine of...
With CES 2017 almost at hand, some information about Dell's upcoming 2-in-1 XPS 13 notebook has been leaked. While it's never clear how accidental any such leak is, it does mean we have some information on the convertible notebook ahead of its planned official unveiling.
The leak, or “leak,” in question appeared on Dell's very own website, with the landing page for the convertible laptop showing an image of it in action, folding from standard laptop mode, through its stand mode, and into a flat tablet design. As WindowsCentral points out, the image shows what appears to be Dell's InfiniteEdge display, which keeps the bezel size down and the entire device appears trim and slim.
More: CES is coming! 9 themes to watch for as the blockbuster tech show unfolds
Since the listing page for the new two-in-one doesn't give us any details about what the new XPS 13 might contain or what features it may have, all we can do is speculate about its potential power and what it can do. However it seems likely to share the same hardware options as the recently updated XPS 13, which offer Intel 7th-generation, Kaby Lake processors, up to 16GB of RAM, and near 4K resolution displays.
It may be that there are some changes to accommodate the more functional hinge design of a convertible XPS 13, but we would expect the hardware choices to be roughly the same. We may see some measure of biometric authentication, as there are suggestions that will show up in other XPS models at CES this week, but we will have to wait and see.
Indeed it may be toward the end of this week before we know the full details about the new 2-in-1 XPS 13 laptop, but it looks like an enticing piece of equipment, and we'll definitely be keeping an eye on it.
CASINO
Land-based casino operators in the Indian state of Goa are demanding a reduction in recent license fee hikes while simultaneously seeking an expansion of their list of gaming options.
Last month, Goa's state government approved stiff hikes in license fees and other mandatory payments for both the land-based casinos operating out of hotels and resorts as well as the floating casinos plying their trade on the Mandovi river.
But the land-based operators are crying foul, saying the floating casino fee hikes were proportionally smaller than the hikes imposed on the land-based gaming venues. Last Friday, Grand 7 Casino partner Kundan Shetye told local reporters that he supported the government's right to impose the hikes, but warned that the proposed land-based fee hikes “will kill the onshore casinos.”
In reality, the government's new fee structure is based on a sliding scale. For land-based venues, fees increase with the size of their gaming floor, while the floating casino fees increase based on the capacity of the vessels. In each case, the maximum annual fee tops out at Rs400m (US$6m).
Shetye's argument of a double-standard is based on his claim that the ships “violate the condition of entry of passengers to their vessels … only when the ships touch the seabed, the entries are closed.” Land-based venues have no such overloading option available to them, hence the impression of a fee disparity.
Regardless, Shetye does have a legitimate bone to pick with the disparity of gaming options available to land-based and shipboard casinos. The floating casinos can offer live table games, while land-based venues are restricted to electronic gaming only.
Shetye said he'd have no problem paying the new license fees if land-based casinos were allowed to introduce live table games. Shetye claimed the government could boost its coffers by up to Rs1.5b ($22.6m) “if they do away with this live gaming and electronic gaming differentiation.”
The land-based operators are also pressing the state government to at long last authorize the formation of a proper gaming commission, which they hope will standardize practices and eliminate surprise announcements like the fee hikes. Successive state governments have initially promised to form such a commission, only to reneg on these promises once in office.
Comments
The city is expanding its HealingNYC program, which aims to combat opioid addiction in the five boroughs. Jummy Olabanji reports. (Published 2 hours ago)
The city is expanding its HealingNYC program, which aims to combat opioid addiction in the five boroughs. Jummy Olabanji reports. See More
Paraguay's President Horacio Cartes says he will not be a candidate in the 2018 election even if Congress approves a constitutional amendment to allow a second term.
Cartes made the announcement Monday in a letter to the Archbishop of Asuncion that he shared on Twitter. He said he was inspired by Pope Francis' call to avoid violence and seek political solutions.
Violent protests broke out last month after the Senate secretly voted in favor of the amendment.
Protesters set some furniture on fire in the Congress building and a 25-year-old was shot and killed after police stormed the headquarters of the opposition's Authentic Radical Liberal Party.
The proposal is a hot-button issue in Paraguay where memories are fresh of a 35-year military dictatorship that only ended in 1989.
0:51
Trump says any NFL player who sits during anthem is 'son of a bitch' and should be fired
Imagine flying home to New York City and landing on a floating airport right in New York Harbor, or catching the Metro-North not underneath the Beaux Arts Grand Central Terminal, but an hourglass-shaped 108-story modernist tower dubbed the Hyperboloid.
While we're at it, what if Central Park looked like Versailles, MoMA looked like a zigzagging cantilevered checkerboard and Ellis Island looked like a futurist, bubble-filled planet out of “Star Wars”?
‘I really wanted people to think of what could be and how easy it could be to change the course of the future.'
These are just some of the 150 pie-in-the-sky real-life proposals presented in “Never Built New York,” which runs through Feb. 18 at the Queens Museum in Flushing Meadows. The exhibit — inspired by the 2016 book of the same name, by Greg Goldin and Sam Lubell — includes drawings, installations and virtual-reality simulations that invite viewers to envision an alternative cityscape.
“I really wanted people to think of what could be and how easy it could be to change the course of the future,” says Lubell, who co-curated the exhibition with Goldin. “The exhibit is looking at the past but makes you look at the future. It makes you ask, ‘What if?'”
“Never Built” begins its journey in a long, tapering gallery that resembles the shape of Manhattan. Here, the curators present a glut of projects — hanging on the walls and scattered throughout the space, salon style — arranged geographically.
Visitors first encounter Frank Lloyd Wright's proposal for a sci-fi Ellis Island dashed off on a cocktail napkin. They then progress through the manicured gardens of a Versailles-inspired Central Park; a sculpture of Isamu Noguchi's idea for a modernist playground in Riverside Park; and Norman Bel Geddes' 1949 plans for a stadium with a retractable roof to replace the Dodgers' Ebbets Field. The effect is like taking a walking tour through a cacophonous, dizzying bizarro version of the Big Apple.
Some of these proposed buildings and bridges have been placed on the museum's famed Panorama of New York City, in the next room, which consists of lit-up, plastic shells that hover, ghostlike above an enormous to-scale model of the five boroughs. The exhibit ends in the museum's central skylit gallery, with a bouncy-castle version of Eliot Noyes' Westinghouse Pavilion, originally intended for the 1964 World's Fair in Flushing Meadows.
“These projects do have the capacity to seduce you,” says Goldin of the wonders on display. “Some would have been beneficial, but some would have been frankly terrifying.” (Such as a series of 50-story skyscrapers on a bridge spanning the East River, or a $3 billion airport built over 40 blocks in Midtown Manhattan.)
But architect Christian Wassmann, who designed the exhibition, says he hopes the exhibit inspires people to dream big when it comes to their environs. “I hope I can inspire one or two kids who see this to become architects or city planners. But I think it can also inspire people to participate in the city more. It's your city: Contribute to it.”
“Never Built New York” at the Queens Museum, New York City Building, Flushing Meadows Corona Park; QueensMuseum.org
This combination of May 26, 2017, left, and Dec. 20, 2017, satellite images provided by DigitalGlobe show the village of Gu Dar Pyin, Myanmar before and after destruction. The Associated Press has confirmed more than five previously unreported mass graves in the village through multiple interviews with more than two dozen survivors in Bangladesh refugee camps and through time-stamped cellphone videos. The Myanmar government regularly claims massacres like Gu Dar Pyin never happened, and has acknowledged only one mass grave containing 10 “terrorists” in the village of Inn Din. DigitalGlobe via AP)
There's so much to see and do this season across the state so TourismOhio is providing a central location to find all of the places where fa…
The floods have brought much of the southern plains of the country to a standstill, flooding major roads and businesses, including a popular tourist resort and the region's largest airport .
On Sunday, a Nepali photographer embedded with the national army on a rescue boat heard that a boy had died in a nearby village, where a family had been stranded in their house after refusing to leave during the flooding.
Narendra Shrestha, a photographer for European Pressphoto Agency, said eight-year old Kamal Sada had been suffering from pneumonia, but the family was not able to take him to the hospital after heavy rains and flood for the past four days.
"So he died after being continuously exposed to cold air and rain," Shrestha said in an phone interview with BuzzFeed News.
The family was supposed to bury their child according to local culture, but there was no dry land to bury him. "The entire village had been flooded and there was water as far as you could see," Shrestha said.
Lloyds partners Microsoft to pilot facial recognition access to online banking
Lloyds is teaming up with Microsoft to pilot the use of fingerprint and facial recognition technology for online banking logins on Windows 10 devices.
Lloyds, Halifax and Bank of Scotland will pilot Microsoft's Windows Hello system later this year for internet banking access as the group tries out options that let customers ditch cumbersome and risky passwords.
Windows Hello uses hardware and software that binds the device to the user and creates a data representation of a face, not an image - preventing an impersonator using a photo. The cameras on Windows 10 devices also use infrared technology to identify faces, so customers can be recognised in a variety of lighting conditions.
The data is stored locally on the device and shared with no one but the user.
Gill Wylie, COO, group digital and transformation, Lloyds Banking Group, says: "With customer experience and security at the forefront of our minds, we are keen to run this pilot to explore the new functionality Windows Hello could give our customers."
Lloyd's is the first UK bank to test out Windows Hello, but the use of different forms of biometrics is becoming increasingly common. NatWest has been trialling behavioural biometrics from BioCatch, while Atom uses face and voice biometrics as core credentials for customers logging in to banking apps.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
The Port Authority bomber fashioned his crude explosive device out of a 5-inch piece of pipe, a 9-volt battery, sugar, match heads, Christmas tree lights and screws — but it only partially detonated, according to law enforcement sources.
The home-made pipe bomb, allegedly strapped to Akayed Ullah with velcro and plastic ties and hidden under his jacket, went off underground near the Port Authority Bus Terminal.
But the bomb was apparently a bust — the pipe wasn't packed tightly enough to explode, so when the festive lights sparked the matches, it just blew the ends off the pipe rather than sending shrapnel flying, sources said.
Ullah survived the blast with some injuries while several other people were mildly wounded.
Christmas tree lights are often used as detonators in home-made bombs — the Boston marathon and London subway terrorists both used the seasonal decor to ignite their charges.
Scoff if you will but the Federal Reserve is as committed to the Phillips Curve as ever.
Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen justified the Fed's quarter-point rate hike on Wednesday by arguing that the strong (and getting stronger) labor market has created the conditions needed for an eventual acceleration in inflation.
Just wait, she said: in a few years, the Fed will have achieved its twin goals of maximum employment and stable prices.
It's right there in the policy projections. Yellen's colleagues are predicting that the unemployment rate will dip to 4.2% by 2019 while the annualized inflation rate speeds up to 2%.
And in the meantime, the Fed will have shrunk its balance sheet back to a “new normal” size.
In other words, the Fed will be able to victory.
Of course, the Fed has been terrible at predicting inflation in the past. But that's where the Fed falls back on the theory that an economy that is employing all of its resources is susceptible to rising prices.
The Phillips Curve has shifted and drifted, bobbed and weaved, but the fundamental relationship between full employment and rising inflation remains in place, the Fed argues.
So when people say that the Fed shouldn't be raising rates when inflation is so low, Yellen just shrugs and said: Just you wait. Inflation is right around the corner.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
Summer is drawing to a close soon, and it looks the #DriveByDunkChallenge is going along with it.
We saw some great entries — Anthony Davis, John Calipari, Jaylen Brown, Grayson Allen and a bunch of other basketball players/coaches took part, but now, it's hockey's turn with the #DriveBySlapshotChallenge.
New York Rangers defensemen Ryan McDonagh and Brady Skjei drove around Minnesota, found random nets in a neighborhood — just like their NBA and college hoops counterparts — and shot some pucks into them:
It's also worth pointing out that Calgary Flames blueliner Dougie Hamilton did it in Canada last month:
#DriveByDunkChallenge Canadian style 🏒🥅🇨🇦 Let's see what you got @johngaudreau03 @sbennett_93 @matthew_tkachuk @curtislazar95 @ferdaddy79 A post shared by Dougie Hamilton (@dougieham) on Jul 28, 2017 at 7:19am PDT
Good — and silly — way to end the summer, boys.
On the one hand, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is at the center of subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Normally the words love and taxes don't go together, but a local firm is proving otherwise.
“This is great, this is just so helpful,” said Margaret Pilos, a single mother of two. “A big stress relief.”
“Single moms have a difficult burden as is,” said Terri Starcher, a tax preparer at Essex and Associates in Dayton. “I've been blessed and I want to be a blessing back.”
The firm provides free tax services to single parents and widows.
Wayne Essex, owner and president, said they do about 600 to 700 a year.
“We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give,” he read off a quote above his desk. He said it is their motto at the office.
Essex said they see a lot of single moms working long hours and receiving no child support.
“It's our way of paying it forward,” he said.
Pilos welcomed the help. “Especially after Christmas and two birthdays,” she said.
Every dollar matters when you're raising two kids by yourself.
“It was just like, a relief, like a burden lifted a little bit,” said Pilos.
Starcher knows how hard it can be; she was a single mom once too. “I just want people to know they're cared about here,” she said.
PORT ST. LUCIE — Plan B at first base for the Mets could be Jay Bruce.
The veteran outfielder likely will receive a look at first base in spring training, according to Terry Collins, as the manager attempts to find at-bats for all his outfielders and establish an insurance policy on Lucas Duda.
“Just because Lucas has had some injury issues, I think we've probably got to have Jay do some work over there,” Collins said Tuesday. “Not push it on him, because he still is going to play the outfield. But we have just got to make sure we have another option there, especially if something happens to Lucas where we've got a left-handed bat that can go over there.”
Duda missed most of last season with a stress fracture in his back. Wilmer Flores provides a right-handed option at first base, but the Mets would want Bruce's steady power at the position if Duda needed an extended absence.
Earlier this week Collins indicated he was backing off the idea to try Michael Conforto at first base.
Collins has told Travis d'Arnaud he will be asked to play about 100 games this season. The oft-injured catcher played a career-high 107 games in 2014.
Last season, d'Arnaud slumped offensively and defensively — and spent almost two months on the disabled list.
“He's got a lot to do — there's a lot on his shoulders, he's aware of that,” Collins said. “We're going to try to take both sides of the ball and make sure he gets enough time to do what he needs to do, correct his swing, be more consistent with his swing, and yet, not kill him to the point where all of a sudden his ribs hurt and he has an oblique strain because he's swung the bat a thousand times.
“Also, on the other side of the ball, get his throwing to where it was a couple of years ago.”
Ty Kelly cleared waivers and was out-righted to Triple-A Las Vegas.
The Mets will bring him to spring training as a non-roster invitee.
Follow @insidefutbol
A representative of Liverpool midfield target Jorginho has warned Napoli that they could leave it too late to open talks over a new contract for his client.
The Italy international has been an instrumental cog in a Napoli team who have been hailed all over Europe this season for the quality of football they have played.
Jorginho's performances have not gone under the radar and clubs such as Manchester United and Liverpool have been linked with having an interest in him in the summer.
Napoli are reportedly interested in offering him a new deal soon, but it seems they are yet to open talks with his representatives and Joao Santos, his representative, stressed that his client are not lacking in top class suitors.
He warned Napoli about not wasting any more time before opening talks over a new deal for the midfielder.
Santos told Italian radio station Radio Crc when asked about his client's future: “Jorginho has been playing an important role inside the dressing room for four years and is playing the kind of football he likes under Sarri, while also improving.
“Playing in the national team, fighting for the Scudetto, it is clear he has many first class suitors.
“He has two years left on his contract, but soon it will be necessary to start talking about a renewal as later it becomes more dangerous to negotiate and expires.”
Napoli is aware of the interest in Jorginho and are expected to offer him improved terms soon.
Bruin fans in attendance for Game 3 against the Senators didn't get to see the result they were hoping for on Monday night, as Boston lost in overtime to Ottawa, 4-3.
One fan tried his best to take home a consolation prize immediately following the game, though that didn't exactly work out for him either.
As the Senators were leaving the ice following the win, which was aided by a controversial penalty call in OT, there was some bitterness and anger from Boston fans surrounding the Ottawa tunnel. A few fans threw trash on the ice and in the direction of Sens players, like this wonderful human in the gray shirt:
But others went for a different approach, like this guy who attempted to jack the stick right out of the hands of Senators defenseman Chris Wideman.
I'm not exactly sure what prompted several Ottawa players to have their sticks up in that area to begin with but I think it's safe to assume there was some sort of exchange between those fans and the team leading up to this.
Either way, that fan in the David Krejci jersey got ahold of Wideman's stick and tried to yank it away from him for a take-home souvenir. If we're being honest here, it's not the most honorable move but I think it's a pretty funny one that would be a great party story forever.
“Hey Sully, how'd you get that stick you have mounted up on the wall?” “Well, uh, Sully #2, you see, I got wicked pissed aftah a Bruins playoff game and decided to be a jerk and just swipe it from a losah Senatahs playah.” *BRO-FIVE*
Unfortunately for the would-be thief, his attempts were foiled when Senators' captain Erik Karlsson stepped up and delivered quite a chop to the fan's hand that clearly stung him quite a bit. Wounded and outnumbered, the fan finally gave up the stick and delivered some parting words. We can probably assume they were not words of wisdom or inspiration.
Boston fans don't exactly have the most sterling reputation and this won't help much. The actions of a few certainly shouldn't reflect on an entire fanbase, but it's on these dudes for providing more ammo for the “classless” police.
Verlando Brown. Comcast / NBCUniversal
Verlando Brown, 28, Baltimore, Maryland
Verlando Brown didn't want to die of diabetes, high blood pressure or a stroke.
But as a college sophomore whose weight hovered near 300 pounds, a doctor said if Brown did not start exercising, death by disease would be his likely fate. So, the West Baltimore native found a personal trainer and dropped more than 100 pounds.
Today Brown is the program coordinator at Johns Hopkins University's Urban Health Institute. He's kept the weight off for ten years and uses his position to help others do the same.
CHECK OUT THE FULL LIST OF NBCBLK28 HERE!
"[The Urban Health Institute] caught my interest because I realized many communities need that access to support to really be healthy and to live longer," Brown said.
As a kid, Brown recalls living in a tough neighborhood where drugs, crime and limited resources fueled unhealthy habits, stress and mental health issues. Brown sees his job as a way of giving back to the community and helping people explore the intersections of public health, race, class and gender.
Community outreach is also part of the Towson University graduate's work as the Institute holds town hall style meetings to help residents discuss health concerns and their needs.
DEFINE YOURSELF IN THREE HASHTAGS #Hardworking #Ambitious #Humble
LATE NIGHTS OR EARLY MORNINGS? Early mornings
FAVORITE SONG TO PLAY AT FULL VOLUME Tevin Campbell-Tell me What You Want Me To Do.
MOST PEOPLE PROBABLY DON'T KNOW THAT I LOVE comedy
WHAT DO YOU READ DAILY? Huffington Post, The Baltimore Sun, The New York Times and The Washington Post
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — A high-level, Topeka-based Veterans Affairs official has been fired following an investigation into inappropriate conduct regarding sexually charged communication.
The Topeka Capital-Journal reports that former Health Resource Center director Robert Downs received the VA's decision to terminate his employment April 12.
The investigation alleges Downs and a female VA employee exchanged hundreds of salacious chat messages, most made during business hours, for over two years.
The woman was based out of the Asheville, North Carolina, VA Medical Center.
In addition to sexually provocative messages, the two allegedly discussed travel plans to see each other, visiting a strip club together, open marriage and the woman's job prospects at Kansas VA offices.
Downs says the relationship was consensual and no one benefited professionally. But he adds he takes full responsibility and is ready to move on.
Just in time for Father's Day, nine pentoo penguin chicks have just hatched at Belfast Zoo.
‘The latest arrivals now make Belfast Zoo home to 37 gentoo penguins and two rockhopper penguins.
There are 17 species of penguin in the world and Belfast Zoo is home to gentoo and rockhopper penguins. The chicks are gentoo penguins.
Senior keeper, Allan Galway, said “We are delighted to welcome the new chicks to the flock.
"The penguin breeding season starts in February when we install nest rings for the birds on their pebble beach.
"The male penguins then start to fill the nests with pebbles and stones. These are highly prized by the birds and are an important part of the courtship ritual, as males often obtain a mate by offering the female a nice pebble.
"Females lay up to two eggs in their nest and they are incubated by both parents for 30 to 40 days. The first eggs started to hatch a few weeks ago and since then nine chicks have appeared. The chicks are covered with fluffy and fuzzy down feathers for the first few weeks. As they get older they go through a molting phase to get their adult plumage.”
There are 17 species of penguin in the world and Belfast Zoo is home to gentoo and rockhopper penguins. All penguins are found in the Southern hemisphere. While most people associate penguins with the snow and ice environments of the Antarctic, gentoo penguins can also be found in the warmer climates of the Falklands, South Georgia, Kerguelen, Marion, Macquarie and other remote islands.
Gentoo penguins are protected by the Antarctic Treaty of 1959 and received near threatened status on the IUCN Red List in 2007. Their decline is due to water pollution, global warming, habitat loss and increased disturbance from human interference from tourism, over-fishing and illegal egg collection.
Zoo manager, Alyn Cairns, continues "Penguins are definitely a visitor favourite at Belfast Zoo, especially when they are making waves at the underwater viewing area! We have no doubt that our latest arrivals will be extremely popular! Why not call by this Father's Day to visit the chicks and find out more about some of our other zoo ‘dads', including Gugas the gorilla, Spook the Andean bear and Finn the Rothschild's giraffe, at our feeding times and keeper talks which will be taking place throughout the day on Sunday 18 June.”
If you are potty about penguins, you can now get closer than ever before with Belfast Zoo's penguin experiences. You can find out more information or book your experience by calling 028 9077 6277 or email experience@belfastzoo.co.uk.
A full schedule of feeding times takes place daily. Call by the penguin enclosure at 2.30pm to see the penguins enjoying their 'fish suppers' and to see the little chicks.
Apple TV uses star power to bolster streaming content Apple TV is getting serious about establishing a footprint in the streaming landscape currently dominated by Netflix, Hulu and Amazon. It will reportedly invest $1 billion in original content over...
Amazon's Prime Video app breaks records on Apple TV Amazon's Prime Video app has hit the ground running in its first week on Apple TV. The Seattle-based web giant's popular streaming app — long available on rival boxes like...
Amazon's Prime Video app now works with Apple TV Amazon's Prime Video app has finally arrived on Apple TV. The Seattle-based web giant's popular streaming app made its debut on Apple's living room fixture on Wednesday, signaling a thaw...
Apple doesn't want nipples or violence in its new TV shows Apple has a long road ahead if it wants to compete with the likes of Netflix, and exclusive original content is the best way to get customers on board, but...
Italian-born artist Bettina Werner, otherwise known as “The Salt Queen” for her jaw-dropping works made out of salt crystals, has relisted her Financial District apartment at 15 Broad St. for...
TORONTO — Canada's Walk of Fame stars might be headed to a new, nearby galaxy.
CEO Jeffrey Latimer says the Walk of Fame is in talks with a city of Toronto councillor about including the stars in a revitalization plan for the downtown John Street strip.
The area isn't far from where the stars currently lie, in the entertainment district along King Street West.
But making the granite slabs part of a more pedestrian-friendly John Street project could give them a more prominence in the area, says Latimer.
“A lot of people will walk along King Street and look down and go, ‘Oh my gosh, there's a star.' They'll fall into it. They'll, by accident, find someone's star and think, ‘That's cool,”‘ he said Wednesday in a phone interview.
“No one dislikes it — it's just not really focused.”
Latimer has been making a number of changes as leader of the Walk of Fame, a role he was hired for last year. Many of those efforts have centered on raising the profile of the honour.
Having the stars in a centralized home that Toronto considers a “cultural corridor” might ensure they're better maintained by the city, which is responsible for their upkeep, he added.
“We've had different people joke that there's gum on their stars and dirt on their stars and chips in the cement,” Latimer said.
“We have one big difference between Hollywood's Walk of Fame and Toronto's Walk of Fame and that's called ‘winter.”‘
On Monday, the city's Economic Development Committee is scheduled to hear the Walk of Fame motion put forward by councillor Joe Cressy. He's proposing the stars be incorporated into the design of the John Street initiative, with a revitalized public space on the south-east corner of John Street and King Street West.
If the motion is endorsed, the city would then co-ordinate with organizers at the Walk of Fame on a report that would likely be submitted to council early next year, said Cressy.
Latimer said the Walk of Fame corner at King and John could include visual boards, sculptures, monuments and interactive displays that celebrate achievement rather than just fame.
“We'll look at models like (Grauman's) Chinese Theater,” Latimer said, referring to the movie palace on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Founded in 1998, Canada's Walk of Fame is a charitable organization that has inducted 173 Canadians who excel in their respective fields.
The John Street proposal comes as Latimer looks to make the Walk of Fame more national, with its recently launched Hometown Stars program, in which inductees receive stars close to where they grew up in Canada.
“We want Canada's Walk of Fame to mean more to more people more often,” Latimer said.
Because we live so much of our lives on our phones and emails, it might be tempting to send personal information like our Social Security or bank account numbers electronically — a no-no, according to Peter J. D'Arruda, president and founding principal of financial advisory firm Capital Financial & Insurance LLC. Instead, he recommends going vintage and using an electronic fax service if you have to send around a document with sensitive info.
Don't rush things
If the message tells you to ‘act immediately' or else your ‘information will be at risk,' delete the email. If the message tells you to ‘act immediately' or else your ‘information will be at risk,' delete the email.
It makes sense to act fast if the jacket you've been lusting after goes on sale. When it's not a good idea to act fast? When handing over financial information — particularly given the scams that pop up after major data breach events. Take your time when reading an email asking for your personal information. Is it riddled with spelling or grammatical errors? Then it's likely a scam. “Legitimate companies won't send emails with errors,” says Jonas Sickler, director of operations at ConsumerSafety.org. Additionally, if someone from a company reaches out and wants information stat, pause before acting. “Be aware of the sense of urgency — if the message tells you to ‘act immediately' or else your ‘information will be at risk,' (or something similar) delete the email,” he says.
Another note on emails: Think twice before opening attachments, as they are an easy way for scammers to infect your computer with viruses and malware, Sickler says. (As much of a pain as security updates on your computer can be, doing it can help to protect you from malware, Paul says.)
Ignore unknown phone calls
When it comes to phone calls, scammers can spoof their number to make it look like it's coming from a specific company, Sickler says, adding that you can only be sure that it's coming from, say, your utility provider or credit card company if you've initiated the call. If you see a number that looks suspect, press ignore and go back to playing Candy Crush instead. If you do accidentally pick up, as soon as you realize it's someone asking for information, hang up before handing over anything.
Shop on secure sites
Before entering any sensitive information on a website (like your credit card number on a store's website), take a look at the browser. If the web address starts with “https” instead of “http,” then you know it's a secure site. (The “S” stands for secure.) “That [“S”] ensures that all the communication with the website is encrypted,” Paul says. “Smaller sites may not give you that option, and you're a little bit higher risk than with the bigger retailers.” (And avoid entering any personal information while using any public Wi-Fi — sorry, no more online shopping while sitting at Starbucks!)
Use safe payment methods
So much focus is on security when shopping online, but that doesn't mean you should let your guard down in person. D'Arruda recommends keeping only one or two cards on you at all times (to minimize the damage if your wallet is stolen, and so you know which ones they are if they're lost). If you have a choice, he recommends opting to swipe a credit card over a debit card — since the former usually have more protections for consumers. “If you're using a debit card, [a criminal] can drain your account,” he says.
Uber's Kalanick Appoints Two Directors to Company Board
Ousted Uber CEO Travis Kalanick is naming two new directors to the ride-hailing app company's board as part of an ongoing struggle with one of Uber's major investors.
Former Xerox CEO Ursula Burns and former Merrill Lynch and CIT Group CEO John Thain were named as directors in a Friday statement attributed to Kalanick, rather than Uber Technologies. Kalanick said the board needs a full complement of directors to consider major potential changes to the board as well as voting rights within Uber.
Burns was chair and CEO of Xerox from 2009 to 2016. She started at Xerox as an intern in 1980 and upon becoming CEO was the first black women to head a Fortune 500 company. She left Xerox after the company split itself in two following pressure from activist investor Carl Icahn.
Thain worked at Goldman Sachs for 25 years and became the company's president in 1999. He was CEO of the New York Stock Exchange from 2005 to 2007 before he was hired by Merrill Lynch. He negotiated Merrill's acquisition by Bank of America in 2008, at the height of the global financial crisis, but was criticized after the firm paid out $3.6 billion in bonuses to employees just before the deal closed.
Investors gave Kalanick the power to choose three directors last year, and in June, he appointed himself to the board after he resigned as CEO. His resignation came as the company faced lawsuits, increasing opposition from some regulators and mounting criticism over its corporate culture and allegations of sexual harassment. Several top executives stepped down around the time Kalanick relinquished the CEO title, as did board member David Bonderman, who made a sexist remark at an employee meeting. Twenty Uber employees were fired after a law firm investigated complaints of harassment, bullying and retaliation.
Benchmark Capital, which holds more than a third of Uber's voting power, is suing Kalanick and says he concealed information about internal problems and a lawsuit facing Uber before he gained authority to fill board seats. Benchmark says it would not have voted to create the board seats if that information had been public. Kalanick says those allegations are baseless. In August a judge ruled that the lawsuit must be moved to private arbitration.
Benchmark Capital declined to comment.
In late August Uber hired Expedia CEO Dara Khosrowshahi as its new CEO.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Uber CEO Travis Kalanick/Twitter.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
At least 18 foreigners arrested by Iraqi authorities on suspicion of fighting for ISIS could face the death penalty, Iraqi officials said Saturday.
They're among 26 non-Iraqis placed into custody since “terrorists were cleared” from the northern city of Mosul after it was retaken from ISIS last month.
see also German teen's ISIS odyssey is over A 16-year-old German girl's yearlong adventure to join the ranks...
The group includes a 16-year-old girl from Germany who ran away to marry a Muslim Arab ISIS member she met on social media
Other prisoners include women from France, Belgium, Germany, Russia, Iran, Syria, Turkey and possibly Canada; two Chechen men and eight children.
The kids will be sent back to the countries they came from.
Many of the women — who are being held in a jail near the Baghdad airport — were taken into custody after barricading themselves in a tunnel underneath the ruins of Mosul.
All were armed with weapons and explosive belts when they were busted.
The fate of their husbands, all ISIS fighters, is unclear.
German diplomats have visited Linda Wenzel, the runaway teen, and four other German females.
French women at the prison were likewise visited by officials from their embassy.
Officials in Baghdad said several of the women, including Wenzel, had been working with ISIS police in Mosul.
Some reports said Wenzel had been acting as an ISIS sniper.
The women will likely be tried on charges of terrorism and face capital punishment under Iraqi law.
A test case could be brought against a French woman captured July 9 in Mosul along with her two sons and two daughters.
She and her children had been found hiding in a basement.
Some of the children in custody may be teenagers who, like Wenzel, were targeted by ISIS recruiters online.
Wenzel's future is unclear — she might be tried, or handed over to Germany, because she is a minor who had been reported missing.
Hundreds of people have left Western European countries to make their way to ISIS in Iraq and Syria. Many of them were radicalized on social media, often through videos posted online.
German prosecutors filed charges against the suspected leader of ISIS in that country, Abu Walaa, and four of his associates last week.
Walaa is known as the “preacher without a face” because he wears black robes that hide his features from the camera in his videos.
Germany estimates that about 20 percent of the would-be jihadists from that country are women. Minors account for about 5 percent of the total, about half of them girls.
While some have been killed in battle and suicide bombings, and others have returned home, a large number are unaccounted for.
KINGSTON, Jamaica – Maureen Hayden-Cater, managing director, JN Bank, one of the top three commercial banks in Jamaica, says the country must move to establish more concrete avenues for Jamaicans in the Diaspora to contribute to the development of the nation, if it truly intends to garner overseas support for economic success.
Acknowledging the work of government, under the auspices of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Foreign Trade and Jamaica Trade and Invest (JAMPRO); the Diaspora Advisory Board and corporate groups, she said there are many opportunities for the financial sector in Jamaica to increase direct partnerships and engagement of the Jamaican Diaspora.
Speaking against the background of JN Bank's recent launch of its JN Diaspora Certificate of Deposit, she maintained that many persons in the Diaspora are prepared to invest; however, they are often unable to identify the specific products, services and information they need.
“We should be willing and prepared to design products and services that are exclusive to Jamaicans overseas; and provide the avenues that allow them to further contribute to the development of the country,” the JN Bank managing director underscored, pointing to 2013 data published by InfoDev for the World Bank which shows that a quarter of Jamaicans in the Diaspora have investable wealth or annual earnings of US$100,000 or more. More than 70 per cent are interested in investing in start-ups and small and medium-sized enterprises and 63 per cent are also interested in Diaspora bonds.
“We have to recognise that Jamaica is not simply an island of some 2.7 million people, we are much bigger and expansive than that!” she declared.
The JN Diaspora Certificate of Deposit, available in the United Kingdom, the United States of America, and Canadian currencies, was launched last month; and was among the products and services on display for some 5,000 Jamaicans in Canada who patronised the recently held JN Group Expo in Brampton, Ontario.
The product uniquely allows for a portion of the interest earned by the certificate of deposit to be used to fund social enterprises operating in the micro, small and medium enterprise sector. The sector is responsible for about a third of the country's employment.
“What makes this an even more distinctive product is the fact that, the businesses to benefit are those which are operating as social enterprises, which are businesses established for a social good; and generate employment and economic sustainability for certain communities and groups of people,” she explained.
She further noted that two per cent of the interest income earned by individual investors will be matched by JN Bank and contributed to social enterprises engaged in the JN Foundation‘s Social Enterprise Boost Initiative (SEBI).
The instrument is tenured from one to five years; and starts at £1,000, CA$1,000, or US$2,000. Interest at the top end of the longest terms on these investments range from 1.5 percent in pounds; 1.1 percent in Canadian dollars; to 1.8 percent in US dollars.
However, Mrs Hayden Cater says that beyond specific products and services targeted to the Diaspora, clearer and more defined efforts must be made to engage them in their respective communities; and not only when they visit Jamaica.
Referencing the recent JN Group Expo in Brampton, Ontario, which was attended by some 5,000 patrons, she underscored that there is a great demand for information among Jamaicans overseas.
“There are many opportunities to strengthen ties with our nationals overseas, but we need to create the context to engage them, so that they can receive current information; ask penetrating questions; and attain the right perception about Jamaica, its economic status; and the opportunities that are available,” she maintained.
“We need to recognise that Jamaicans in the Diaspora are an important constituent in our economic fabric; and, therefore, we should make it easier for interested persons to access information about investment opportunities in Jamaica,” Mrs Hayden Cater concluded.
Fastlane sets up a potentially spectacular WrestleMania Fastlane put WWE on the fast track to WrestleMania. The final pay-per-view before the show of shows in New Orleans on April 8 was not only a solid night of...
Survivor Series' old main event let down the entire show It was all going so well — until the main event. Survivor Series' average wrestling and confusing and shortsighted finish spoiled an otherwise strong night of matches with smart, but...
Survivor Series is WWE's all-star game: That's good and bad Survivor Series has the potential to be one of the best “wrestling” shows WWE has put on in recent years, but from a consequence and storyline perspective consider it the...
Information technology graduates are more likely than others to begin work on salaries of €29,000 or more, according to the Higher Education Authority's latest survey of Irish college leavers.
The HEA's What Graduates Do report examines those who completed third-level courses in 2015.
It finds that 57% of those who obtained an honours degree in information and communication technologies were earning €29,000 or more one year on, making them the highest earning graduates.
More than 18,000 graduates from courses at qualification levels 8-10 responded to the survey, 73% of the total number of graduates.
Those levels correspond to honour degree, masters and PhD qualifications.
The survey found that 68% of graduates were working a year later, with 57% working in Ireland and 11% working abroad.
The UK was the most popular foreign destination.
Those with qualifications in the field of education were most likely to be working one year on, followed by ICT graduates.
Almost half of 2015's honours degree graduates were earning less than €25,000 one year on.
In line with previous years, arts and humanities graduates appear to be the least well paid, with 21% earning less than €13,000 a year after graduation.
However, the proportion of arts and humanities graduates who responded to the survey was considerably lower than the proportion who responded in some other areas.
Dublin continues to be the region with most employment opportunities, for all graduates, followed by the southwest.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Federal authorities on Friday unsealed criminal charges against three men who allegedly plotted bombings and shootings last year in New York City to support the terrorist group Islamic State.
The three defendants are Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, a 19-year-old Canadian citizen; Talha Haroon, a 19-year-old U.S. citizen living in Pakistan; and Russell Salic, a 37-year-old Philippine citizen.
The Manhattan U.S. attorney's office said the three men plotted to conduct bombings in heavily populated areas of New York City, including in Times Square and the subway system. They also allegedly plotted to shoot civilians at specific concert venues.
The defendants were planning to carry out the attacks during Ramadan, the holiest month in the Islamic calendar, around June through July of 2016, prosecutors said.
An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com.
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England Pause
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
1:17 Adam Gase discusses Dolphins loss against the Patriots
1:52 Adam Beasley recaps Dolphins' loss against the Patriots
1:07 Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase talks about having a healthy team
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
The Texas mother who allegedly tried to burn a car with her three daughters inside had told a crowd of startled bystanders they should “come with her to go to heaven,” a witness says.
Gerardo Cortez, who owns the El Rey Car Wash in Houston, where the incident unfolded Sunday night, says Ana Ester Segovia made the statement while running away from her burning vehicle.
“That's when she said – she invited us all to come with her to go to heaven,” Cortez told FOX26 Houston.
Cortez said Segovia pulled one of her daughters by the hair when she tried to escape the car, before revving the vehicle up and setting the engine ablaze with the girls inside.
Other witnesses reported hearing Segovia say to her children, “We're going to see Jesus.”
Segovia is facing three counts of aggravated assault on a family member. She ran away from the burning car with her 9-, 11- and 13-year-old daughters, all of whom were unharmed in the incident.
In general, comic-book villains want to destroy the world. Where's the fun in that? All you're left with is nothingness. That's why Thanos (Josh Brolin), the purple behemoth at the center of this sprawling Marvel event, is so much scarier. Having watched countless overpopulated planets struggle for resources, he aims to SAVE the universe. His solution? Intergalactic, randomly selective genocide, delivered via the power of the Infinity Stones he's on a mission to assemble. Brolin, via motion-capture technology, brings a chilling weight to Thanos' measured philosophizing and casual indifference to individual life.
So it's all hands on deck as “Avengers: Infinity War” goes for the mother of all crossover episodes — and pulls it off. Directors Anthony and Joe Russo (“Captain America: Civil War”) manage the tricky feat of balancing action with humor as the far-flung Avengers, the Guardians of the Galaxy, Black Panther and his Wakandan army and various solo acts come together to stop a foe with the increasing power to destroy everything.
Now, for anyone just tuning into the Marvel universe, this may not be the best place to start: It's like picking up a long-running soap right when everyone's favorite couple is finally gonna do it. You'll need some context to properly appreciate the reunions, the awkward first-time meetings, the snark and the sheer incongruity of seeing wildly different characters interact. With a cast as talented and genial as this one, nearly every matchup is a winner.
“Infinity War” wastes little time on exposition; we're thrown, right off, into one of Thanos' merciless massacres in search of the remaining stones. Stakes are laid down almost immediately with a shocking death. Mortality is front and center in “Infinity War,” and if the brief appearance of Peter Dinklage as a lonely, metal-welding giant doesn't tip you off, we're deep in “Game of Thrones” territory here: No one is safe.
You could be forgiven for not being able to keep up with what planet each band of heroes is on, or why. Even for an intergalactic adventure, this one does a lot of space-and-time-hopping. It doesn't even really pretend to have a plot, beyond: “Keep Thanos from getting stones.” But plot is not really what we're here for, is it?
No, we've come to see what happens when Thor (Chris Hemsworth) is plunked down amidst the Guardians (his banter with Bradley Cooper's Rocket Raccoon could anchor its own spinoff film), or when Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.) crosses paths with Benedict Cumberbatch's Dr. Strange. (Hint: It recalls his first bristly meeting with Thor in “The Avengers,” which went heavy on the cape insults.) Teen Groot (Vin Diesel) hurls his signature “I am Groot” at Captain America (Chris Evans), who's so unfailingly polite he responds in kind. Long-lost allies are reunited; key players are lost. And poor Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo) is dealing with erect-Hulk dysfunction: He can't seem to turn into the big green guy no matter how angry he gets. The other green character, Zoe Saldana's Gamora, has a heart-wrenching problem of her own. Spider-Man (Tom Holland), meanwhile, is just having trouble remembering everyone's names.
In the one real climactic battle, set in Wakanda (the appearance of which drew the film's biggest cheers), T'Challa/Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman) joins forces with Cap and company to fight a horde of toothy alien animals. Even in the midst of such large-scale, CGI-enhanced brawling, the Russos focus on moments of connection, such as Scarlet Witch (Elizabeth Olsen), Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and Okoye (Danai Gurira) joining up to take on a Thanos henchwoman.
Usually, by the conclusion of a Marvel movie, I expect a numb butt and a little fatigue along with my adrenaline hangover. Here, I was left reeling from its devastating cliffhanger.
All the past decade's Marvel movies have been heading toward this showdown. Turns out the payoff was worth the wait.
HOUSTON - A bicycle theft ring was busted Wednesday in the Midtown area, according to deputies.
The Harris County Precinct 1 Constable's Office said 64 bicycles were recovered from a residence in the 1500 block of Truxillo between La Branch Street and Almeda Road.
KPRC2 Investigates' Joel Eisenbaum was on the scene and went live on Facebook. You can watch it below.
The bikes were stolen, then brought to the residence and stashed there, authorities said.
The bikes were then advertised as being for sale on different sites and social media groups, according to authorities.
Eisenbaum interviewed a nearby resident who showed up to see if his stolen bike was among the recovered bicycles.
Authorities used two flatbed trucks to take the bicycles away.
Deputies said they will work to reunite the stolen bikes with the property owners.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
A 26-year-old Chicago trader lured unsuspecting clients into a $1.5 million, Ponzi-like scheme, using the proceeds for a luxurious vacation in Bali and tickets to the World Series, according to an indictment from US prosecutors.
Randall Rye, owner of the brokerage firm Faster Than Light Trading, “falsely represented to investors that their investment would be traded using his proprietary trading program and invested in options and futures contracts,” the Justice Department wrote in an indictment.
Rye is a flamboyant — and popular — presence among financial professionals on Twitter. More than 63,000 accounts follow him for his takes on futures and options trading.
To further his scheme, Rye would fake account statements to look like the investments were paying off. In July, he showed one investor, who had given Rye $140,000, that his investment was worth almost four times as much.
Rye's Twitter account still has a selfie of him with actor and fellow Cubs fan Bill Murray taken Oct. 30.
He was arrested at his home last month, and he faces six counts of wire fraud, each of which carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison
Email Newsletter
Sign up to receive our newsletter and find out what's going on around Wales.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Families of mass shooting victims and others called Monday for the nation's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault weapons and devices that allow guns to fire more rapidly.
“Divesting in these companies that sell these weapons will send a clear message that the thoughts and prayers that are sent when these tragedies occur are not enough — the state of California is demanding change,” said Renee Wetzel, whose husband, Mike, was killed in the 2015 San Bernardino terrorist attack. “Don't let my husband's death be in vain.”
The California Public Employees' Retirement System board declined to take action and will further discuss its investments and divestments in gun-related companies next year. Several board members argued remaining an investor gives the fund more influence over shaping company policy.
Four of the five gun retailers CalPERS invests in, including Dick's Sporting Goods and Walmart, have already stopped selling assault weapons and devices like bump stocks. The fund does not invest in assault weapons manufacturers.
California Treasurer John Chiang, a Democratic candidate for governor who is leading the effort, said he wants the board move forward on divesting from the fifth company, Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings. A spokesperson for the company could not immediately be reached for comment.
“At some point you have to stand up and you have to put up a big fight so people understand it's just not talk,” he said.
Joining Chiang were Wetzel and about a dozen other family members of San Bernardino and other mass shooting victims, as well as California alumni of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, where 17 people were killed in February. New Jersey, Connecticut, Illinois and New York also are discussing divesting from gun-related companies.
Critics called the effort a political ploy that would hurt the pension fund's bottom line.
“This is nothing more than a political ploy for you and your run for governor,” said Jason Perez, a representative of the Corona Police Officers Association who said the board should focus on keeping the fund in good financial shape instead. The system has enough money to cover roughly 70 per cent of the money it owes to 1.8 million members.
The retirement system has roughly $850 million in holdings in Dick's Sporting Goods, Walmart, Kroger, Big 5 Sporting Goods and Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings. The pension fund in California, which severely restricts the sale and possession of assault-style weapons, has a total value of $354 billion.
The fund approached all five companies in the fall, asking them to stop selling assault weapons and devices such as bump stocks. Following the Florida shooting, Dick's and Kroger said they would stop selling such guns and would, along with Walmart, only sell guns to those 21 and older. None sell bump stocks.
Walmart and Big 5 Sporting Goods, which also doesn't sell bump stocks, had previously stopped selling assault weapons
Experts have long questioned the financial and political effectiveness of divestment. By divesting, shareholders give up their power to exert influence and often times simply turn over the shares to other owners who may not take the same political or social stance.
“If we divest, we lose our seat at the table,” board member Theresa Taylor said.
Divestment initiatives had cost the pension fund more than $8 billion as of June 2017, according to a fund memo.
Still, the fund has previously used divestment to make political statements. It decided in 2016 to sell off the last of its tobacco investments and has similarly started reducing its investments in coal. The state began divesting from gun manufacturers in 2013 following the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut.
Erica Porteus, whose 27-year-old sister, Yvette, died in San Bernardino, said through tears after the vote that she was disappointed the board didn't take action.
“It's frustrating to not see human life be more important than the return on investment or the bigger picture,” she said. “It's frustrating after losing my sister that this continues to happen to other people.”
The state's teacher pension fund will present research on its holdings in gun retailers in May.
——
This story has been corrected to reflect that Walmart stopped selling assault weapons three years ago but recently raised the age for gun purchases.
Now that Google's phones are ditching the headphone jack, it only makes sense that the company wants to sell you some expensive Bluetooth earbuds. At the press event today, Google announced the 'Pixel Buds', a pair of earbuds with Assistant built-in.
Unlike Apple's AirPods, the Pixel Buds still have a cable running between the two earbuds, so it's not completely cordless. However, Google has built an Apple-like pairing solution into Assistant. If you have a phone running Android 7.0 Nougat or higher, just pop open the charging case and your phone will automatically detect them and prompt you to pair.
When you hold down on the right earbud, Google Assistant will activate, giving you instant access to music playback and other functionality without taking out your phone. The charging case can provide up to 24 hours of battery life, and the Buds have up to 5 hours on its own. The case also has a Type-C connector for charging, so you don't have to bring another USB cable along.
One unique feature of the Pixel Buds is integration with Google Translate. You can ask Assistant something like, "Help me speak Italian," and your phone's speaker will play the translation out loud as you talk. Once the other person starts talking, the translation of their words will be played on the Buds. Google showed a demo of this on stage, and besides having to hold down on the Buds while talking, it was pretty much seamless. Note that this feature only works on the Pixel and Pixel 2.
You can buy the Pixel Buds in Just Black, Clearly White, and Kinda Blue. You'll need a device with Android 5.0 or higher (or iOS 10+) to use the Buds as a Bluetooth headset, and Android 6.0+ to use it with Assistant. You can buy it from the Google Store at the source link below.
Synovus Financial Corp. said Monday it had agreed to buy the banking assets of Cabela's Inc., allowing the outdoor retailer's $4.2 billion sale to rival Bass Pro Shops to proceed after hitting regulatory snags.
Capital One Financial Corp. COF, +2.44% will buy Cabela's credit-card portfolio, while Synovus SNV, +2.05% , a small lender in the southeastern U.S., will acquire the bank's $1.2 billion in deposits. Cabela's shares CAB, +0.56% rose 6% in after-hours trading to $57.
Capital One had planned to buy both financial pieces, but ran into trouble with its regulator. That raised concerns it wouldn't be able to complete the deal quickly enough, and left Bass Pro and Cabela's seeking an alternative buyer for the bank.
Under the new deal, closely held Bass Pro will still buy the retail business, which generated $3.6 billion in revenue last year selling everything from crossbows to boats. It has financial backing from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +1.32% and others.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Everything you need to know to invest in marijuana (2:50) Recreational cannabis is a $6 billion industry that is projected to reach $50 billion in legal annual sales by 2026. Here's what you need to know if you're thinking of investing in marijuana.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Fired KPMG audit head: How did Scott Marcello fall from grace?
Behind United Airlines' fateful decision to call police.
Almost one in five adults of Medicare eligibility age (65 years old and older) have untreated cavities. The same proportion have lost all their teeth. Half of Medicare beneficiaries have some periodontal disease, or infection of structures around teeth, including the gums. MCT
The American truck driver is soon to be an endangered species. Some 3.5 million professionals get behind the wheel of these vehicles in the United States every year, making it one of the most common jobs in the country. In a couple decades, every last one may be out of work due to automation.
Industry giants around the world are investing in autonomous vehicles. In Australian mines, Rio Tinto employs hundred-ton driverless trucks to transport iron ore. Volvo wants to ferry volunteer passengers around London's winding streets. MIT researchers recently determined the most efficient way for driverless trucks to transport goods. The guy behind Google's first self-driving car now runs an autonomous trucking startup called Otto in San Francisco.
Truckers may be among the most vulnerable to automation but they're certainly not alone. Over the past year we've seen an AI attorney land a job at a law firm, Hilton hires a robotic concierge, and even — ahem — “robojournalists” cover the U.S. election. As far as we know, none of these bots have caused a human to get laid off — but they're telling of things to come.
“We're trying to blur the distinction between electronic circuits and neural circuits.”
The so-called Fourth Industrial Revolution will transform the job market, eliminating over five million jobs in the next five years, according to the World Economic Forum.
So what do we, as humans, do? Augment ourselves.
Augmentation was the running theme of this year's Bodyhacking Conference in Austin, Texas. Attendees lined up for RFID implants, speakers demonstrated bionic body parts, grinders exhibited artificial senses, and an entire fashion show put “smart” apparel on display. Most of the augmentations were idiosyncratic and wouldn't make a potential employee more competitive in the future job market (except, perhaps, for documentary filmmaker Rob “Eyeborg” Spence's prosthetic eye camera). With this in mind, we explored the ways in which augmentation may safeguard us from automation.
Augment our brains
Humans have extraordinary brains — the best in the animal kingdom — but in AI we've created minds that exceed our own in many ways. Sure, humans still hold the title for outstanding general intelligence, as today's AI systems excel at the specific tasks they're designed for, but algorithms are advancing fast. Some are even learning as they work. A year ago, AI experts thought it would take at least another decade for an algorithm to defeat a top-tier Go player. And then this happened.
Entrepreneur, futurist, and headline-staple Elon Musk is so concerned about AI he co-founded the billion-dollar nonprofit OpenAI to promote “friendly” AI in December 2015. Six months later, he told a crowd at Recode's annual Code Conference about his want to develop a digital neural layer — colloquially called a “neural lace” — to augment humans on par with AI. He echoed these comments at the World Government Summit in Dubai on Monday, suggesting that such a symbiosis could potentially solve the “control problem and the usefulness problem” likely to face future humanity.
Harvard University
The concept is relatively simple: A neural lace is some sort of material that boosts the brain's ability to receive, process, and communicate information. It's an extra layer, perhaps a kind of electronic mesh, that physically integrates with the brain and turns the mind into a kind of supercomputer.
If this sounds like science fiction, that's because it is. Or it was. The term was first coined by sci-fi author Iain M. Banks in his Culture series.
But almost exactly one year before Musk made his comment at the conference, a team of nanotechnologists at Harvard University published a paper called “Syringe-injectable electronics” in the journal Nature Nanotechnology, in which they described an ultra-fine electronic mesh that can be injected into the brains of mice to monitor brain activity and treat degenerative diseases. The possibility for such a material to augment the brain's input-output capacity was too enticing to overlook.
“We're trying to blur the distinction between electronic circuits and neural circuits,” co-author Charles Lieber told Smithsonian Magazine. “We have to walk before we can run,” he added, “but we think we can really revolutionize our ability to interface with the brain.”
Musk hasn't kept completely quiet about his neural lace aspirations either. In August he told an inquisitive Twitter follower that he was “Making progress” on the project. In January he said an announcement may come this month.
A functioning neural lace is still realistically many years off but, augmented by such a device, humans could conceivably compete with AI at computational tasks currently left to machines, while maintaining our high levels of intuition, decision making, and general intelligence. We're already cyborgs. With smartphones and the internet as external brains, we boast superhuman intelligence. But analog outputs like typing and speech are slow compared to digital speeds. Imagine listing under the skills section on your résumé the ability to query a database, receive a response, and relay that information to a colleague in the fraction of a second it takes Google to display search results. It would make you a desirable candidate, indeed.
Augment our bodies
As robust as we are in mind, humans are desperately delicate in body. We're fleshy, fragile things, prone to break and tear under pressure. Robots, on the other hand, are rugged, and capable of tackling strenuous tasks with relative ease.
But robots are also fairly inflexible. Where a human can seamlessly transition from one action to another, machines tend to do just one thing well and need to be recalibrated to perform new tasks.
Enter exosuits. Fitted with these powered external skeletons, humans assume superhuman strength while limiting risk of injury associated with bending and lifting. Think Iron Man or the metallic gear worn by Tom Cruise and Emily Blunt in Edge of Tomorrow.
We're fleshy, fragile things, prone to break and tear under pressure. Robots are rugged and capable of tackling strenuous tasks with relative ease.
But, like the neural lace, these suits aren't stuck in science fiction. Engineers at Hyundai, Harvard, and the United States Army are actively developing systems to serve paraplegics, laborers, and soldiers alike.
“What I've been working on in my lab for years is to combine the intelligence of the [human] worker with the strength of the robot,” Hoomayoon Kazerooni, director of the Berkeley Robotics and Human Engineering Laboratory, told Digital Trends. “Robots are metal, they have more power than a human. Basically, the whole thesis is to combine human decision making, human intelligence, and human adaptability with the strength and precision of a robot.”
Through his robotics research, Kazerooni founded SuitX, a company that created the PhoeniX medical exoskeleton for patients with spinal cord injury and a modular, full-body exosuit called the Modular Agile Exoskeleton (MAX).
“We use robotic devices where we have repetitive tasks,” Kazerooni said. “Anything that's dangerous we also automate. These are structured jobs.”
MAX features three components: backX, shoulderX, and legX, each of which assists its titular region, minimizing torque and force by up to 60 percent.
“These machines reduce forces at targeted areas,” Kazerooni said. “So, it's basically supporting the wearer, not necessarily from a cognitive point of view by telling workers how to do things, but by letting the workers do whatever tasks they've done in the past with reduced force.”
Kazerooni recognizes that machines may someday be so cheap and efficient that human workers simply become an expensive liability. However, until then, the best way to keep laborers safe, productive, and employed may be to augment their physicality.
“The state of technology in robotics and AI is not to the point that we can employ robotics to do unstructured jobs,” he added, “which require a [human] worker's attention and decision making. There are a lot of unstructured work we can't yet fully automate.”
Across the country, in the Harvard Biodesign Lab, a team of researchers is developing a softer side of exosuits.
Packed with small motors, custom sensors, and microprocessors, these soft wearable robots are designed to work in parallel with the body's muscles and tendons to make movement more efficient. In a recent paper published in the journal Science Robotics, the interdisciplinary Harvard team demonstrated an almost 23 percent reduction in effort with its exosuit compared to unaided walking.
“It's going to be a very difficult time for all human workers.”
The Biodesign Labs has so far been working with DARPA to develop exosuits to help soldiers carry heavy loads over long distances. However, project lead Ignacio Galiana thinks the suit can find applications beyond the battlefield.
“Factory workers in the automotive, naval, and aircraft industry have to move around very large and heavy parts,” he told Digital Trends. “Having a simple system they can wear under their normal pants can give them an extra strength.
“There's now even a need for people to get packages delivered the next day, and so postal service personnel have a burden to move heavy packages around quickly,” he added. “If they could wear an exosuit that makes them faster and stronger, that could make their work much easier.”
Galiana doesn't think humans and robots will compete directly for the same jobs. Instead, he sees them working in parallel — so long as humans can keep up with increasing physical demands.
“Human intelligence and decision making is critical in a lot of factory jobs, and the human brain is really hard to imitate in robots,” he said. “That will be key to keeping workers in the workplace. If you give extra strength to a factory worker who has that decision making and intelligence capabilities, you could see them being more effective and staying in work for longer, working alongside robots.”
Augment our skillset
Despite the progress that's been made in the past few years, superhuman strength and intelligence lie somewhere in the hazy futurescape, inaccessible to most of today's workforce and not exactly helpful when trying to figure out what humans should do now to safeguard themselves against automation.
For an immediate answer, we turned to Tom Davenport, co-author of Only Humans Need Apply: Winners and Losers in the Age of Smart Machines. In 2015, Davenport and co-author Julia Kirby published “Beyond Automation” in the Harvard Business Review, in which they laid out five practical steps workers may take to improve their employability against machines.
In their list, Davenport and Kirby encourage humans to stand out, whether by developing skills outside the realm of “codifiable cognition” (such as creativity) or learning the ins-and-outs of the machines themselves. (After all, someone needs to fix these things when they break down.) However, the authors' advice is primarily meant for “knowledge workers” not physical laborers, whom Davenport thinks will have a much more challenging transition in the future job market.
“I try to be optimistic,” Davenport told Digital Trends, “because I do think there are some valuable roles that humans can still play relative to these smart machines, but I don't think it's a time to be complacent about it. Any type of worker will need to work hard to keep up the right kinds of skills and develop new skills.”
As an example, Davenport points to our friends the truck drivers. “I don't know how many of them will be willing to develop the computer-oriented skills to understand how autonomous driving works,” he said. And, even if they did take an entry course in programming, what good would it do? Driving in general is a dying profession.
“I think it's going to be a very difficult time for all human workers,” Davenport said. “I'm optimistic that many of them will make the transition but not all of them will. I'm definitely more pessimistic about certain jobs than others. Even for knowledge workers there will be some job loss on the margins but I believe there are a number of viable roles that they can play. That's what a lot of my writing has been about — roles that knowledge workers can play that either involved working alongside smart machines, or doing something they don't.”
Note, when Davenport says “smart machines,” he means narrow AI: systems that do a few specific things really well, such as recognizing faces, playing board games, and creating psychedelic art.
There's another evolution of AI though, the kind that keeps Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking up at night: artificial general intelligence, which basically do anything a human can intellectually.
What happens when these arise?
“All bets are off,” Davenport said.
Donna Vekic, an unwitting protagonist in the whispered tale of a tennis sex triangle, won a Wimbledon tuneup event this weekend to remind the world why she was once considered one of the sport's hottest prospects.
Vekic, still just 20 years old, won her first tour tournament three years ago as a teenager, but had endured tough times before a major breakthrough win on Sunday at the Nottingham grass-court event over the home favorite, world No. 8 Johanna Konta.
Vekic is probably best known now as the girlfriend of Swiss three-time major champion Stan Wawrinka.
Two years ago, she was dragged into the most salacious story to hit tennis in years, when the controversial Nick Kyrgios was overheard on a courtside microphone nastily taunting Wawrinka by telling him: “Kokkinakis banged your girlfriend. Sorry to tell you that, mate.” Kyrgios was referring to Thanasi Kokkinakis, an Australian who at the time was mixed doubles partners with Vekic.
The gossipy fallout sent Vekic's career into something of a tailspin from when she was known as a remarkable teenage prospect.
“It's pretty amazing. The last time I played a final, I wasn't allowed to have champagne,” she told the crowd, laughing, after her win Sunday. “I'm going to drink a bottle of champagne with my team to celebrate.”
At the age of 16, she reached her first WTA Tour final in Tashkent (in 2012) and was runner-up in another Wimbledon warmup event in Birmingham (in June 2013), prompting former champion Chris Evert to predict a top-10 career for Vekic, a native of Croatia. But she has never come remotely near those heights.
Yet with her 21st birthday coming later this month, Sunday's victory over Konta felt like the tennis coming-of-age for a player who had finished outside the top 100 in the past two seasons, but who now reckons she has become older and wiser.
The hard-hitting Vekic prevailed, 2-6, 7-6(3), 7-5, in a thrilling two-and-a-half-hour contest in which momentum switched dramatically. It was her second tight tussle in 24 hours, following her dramatic semifinal win over Lucie Safarova.
“She was able to continuously raise her level throughout that match and I was just not able to stay with her, so full credit to her for playing incredibly well,” Konta said.
Konta outclassed the nervy Vekic in the opening set, but the world No. 70 gradually relaxed and went for broke, finding the lines consistently with her bigger groundstrokes.
After Vekic let a 3-1 lead slip in the deciding set, Konta appeared to be surging toward the title as she moved into a 4-3 lead, but the Croatian held her nerve to break for a 6-5 lead and then served out for victory.
With Reuters
Carson Wentz was officially diagnosed with an ACL tear on Monday, ending his MVP-caliber season.
The Eagles clinched the NFL East on Sunday but will head into the playoffs without their star quarterback. The news was a crushing blow to Eagles fans, and nobody was more disappointed than Wentz himself.
On Monday, Wentz posted a video on Twitter to reflect on the injury and to offer words of determination going forward.
Some quick thoughts for everyone. Can't thank my family, friends, teammates, and fans enough. Love y'all! #AO1 pic.twitter.com/vBwxG4So5N — Carson Wentz (@cj_wentz) December 11, 2017
Wentz said:
“I can promise to everybody — all my fans out there in the Philly area and North Dakota area, all across this country — that this will not stop me going forward. I will come back stronger than ever. I will use this as motivation, and I will be attacking this whole process as I recover. But at the end of the day, this year we still have something special. We just clinched the NFC East. That was step one of our goals this season, and we're just continuing on from there. I will be with the team along the way. I will be supporting them. I have the utmost confidence in Nick (Foles) and the coaching staff and everybody else that they'll step up.”
He continued:
“Again, I just want to say thank you. I tweeted out yesterday thanks for all the thoughts and prayers. I genuinely mean that. The phone calls, the text messages, the emails, the tweets. Everything from everybody out there, it just means the world to me. It's so humbling to know how many people are praying for me and lifting me up.”
You can read more from USA TODAY Sports.
Hate v. housing Word is that City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito read Councilman Antonio Reynoso (D-Brooklyn) the riot act nine months ago for publicly encouraging thuggish protests in colleague Steve Levin's district. But...
Now NYC has publicly funded mobs It was bad enough Brooklyn City Councilman Antonio Reynoso and a mob of approximately 100 supporters “shut down” a public hearing of the City Planning Commission last week, ostensibly because...
Gangster politics — the wrong way to fight a housing project Last Wednesday night, Brooklyn City Councilman Antonio Reynoso crossed the line — literally and figuratively — in a thuggish bid to thwart a housing development. Rabsky Group, a local developer,...
Plastic bag fees are nearly a reality Plastic bags will soon come with a 5-cent price tag, according to a group of legislators who said Wednesday they have the votes in the City Council to pass a...
For hipsters sake: councilman opposes texting while cycling ban A Williamsburg city councilman played to his hipster base Wednesday by coming out against a bill banning texting and e-mailing while cycling. “We should start asking pedestrians to wear reflectors...
Russell Wilson delivers parting gift to Yankees players FORT MYERS, Fla. — As a parting gift to his baseball family, Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson gave Yankees players an autographed NFL football. Wilson was in camp for a...
Jacoby Ellsbury's defiance doesn't change his Yankees reality TAMPA — This is Aaron Hicks, not Hank Aaron or even Aaron Judge. He just had his best season, and it included two DL stints and a narrative that he...
Jacoby Ellsbury doesn't see any writing on the wall TAMPA — Jacoby Ellsbury checked into Yankees camp Sunday morning at George M. Steinbrenner Field and didn't notice an Opening Day lineup card posted without his name. Standing in front...
Aaron Hicks: I want to be the Yankees' starting center fielder TAMPA — The Yankees' outfield is nothing if not crowded. With the December trade for reigning NL MVP Giancarlo Stanton and the inability to deal Jacoby Ellsbury and the $68...
Aaron Hicks and Tommy Kahnle reach settlements with Yankees Yankees general manager Brian Cashman reiterated Thursday the Yankees are going to remain under the $197 million luxury-tax threshold this season, so it's clear they will be keeping a close...
Jacoby Ellsbury doesn't think his time as Yankees CF is over Barring a trade that would be difficult to make because of several hurdles, Jacoby Ellsbury will arrive at spring training more than willing to reclaim the starting center-field job he...
Yankees have barely scratched the surface of what they can be HOUSTON — The way this works — the way it has worked for decades and decades — is if you do a massive sell-off one year, you do not get...
How the 'other Aaron' cemented his place in the Yankees core Aaron Hicks lost a battle to be the starting right fielder in spring and won the center field job in the postseason — and not just for now. The Yankees...
Breaking down Yankees-Astros: How big an edge is Girardi? HOUSTON — The Yankees, fresh off a stunning comeback over the Indians in the ALDS, look to pull off another upset against the Astros in the ALCS. Houston captured the...
Voice of America report by Ayaz Gul states that Pakistan has conveyed to the leadership in Afghanistan its opinion that the Taliban are left with no “excuse or justification for continuing war” following Kabul's offer of unconditional peace talks. Islamabad's National Security Adviser, Nasser Janjua, delivered the message during a daylong official visit Saturday, where he assured Afghan leaders of Pakistan's “complete support" for the “long awaited” peace offer made by President Ashraf Ghani.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump blocked Singapore chipmaker Broadcom from pursuing a hostile takeover of U.S. rival Qualcomm, ruling the proposed combination would imperil national security.
The decision, announced late Monday, abruptly ends Broadcom's four-month, $117 billion bid to buy Qualcomm — a deal that would have been the largest ever completed in the technology industry.
In a statement, Broadcom said it "strongly disagrees" that the acquisition raises any national-security concerns. Qualcomm did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Trump's order gives Broadcom few options other than to drop its bid, said Macquarie Securities analyst Srinivas Pajjuri.
Related: Computer chipmaker asks government to block all U.S. iPhone sales
Broadcom faced challenges almost from the start of its quest. Qualcomm quickly spurned its unsolicited suitor and continued to resist even after Broadcom raised its original offer from $103 billion.
Broadcom's Singapore connections complicated matters, even though the company maintained its physical headquarters in Silicon Valley and virtually all of its shareholders are in the U.S.
The Trump administration nevertheless balked at the prospect of a prominent U.S. chipmaker being owned by a foreign company, particularly at a time countries around the world are gearing up to build ultra-fast "5G" mobile networks that could tip the balance of power in technology.
Although its name isn't widely known outside the technology industry, Qualcomm is one of the world's leading makers of the processors that power many smartphones and other mobile devices. Qualcomm also owns patents on key pieces of mobile technology that Apple and other manufacturers rely upon in their products.
Qualcomm is fending off allegations in complaints filed by Apple and government regulators around the world that it has abused the power of its mobile patents to throttle competition and charge excessive royalties for its technology.
Broadcom CEO Hock Tan had seized on Qualcomm's legal headaches in his attempt to persuade the U.S. government to keep the deal alive. "Qualcomm faces a number of challenges that hamper its role in developing 5G," Tan wrote in a letter sent to U.S. Congress last week. Unlike Qualcomm, Tan said, Broadcom financed its innovation through "lawful practices."
Trump decided to squelch Broadcom's bid on the recommendation of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which reviews foreign purchases of U.S. entities.
The decision didn't come as a surprise. Earlier this month, the committee branded the proposed deal a potential security risk that could hobble the U.S.'s ability to make the smooth and quick transition to 5G.
In an attempt to ease those worries, Broadcom last week pledged to make the U.S. a leader in the race to build 5G networks, saying it would create a $1.5 billion fund to support the effort if took control of Qualcomm.
Broadcom also tried to curry favor by moving its legal headquarters from Singapore to the U.S within the next few weeks.
Singapore became Broadcom's legal home two years ago after it was sold to Avago, a company that once was part of Silicon Valley pioneer Hewlett-Packard.
Broadcom's company's physical headquarters is already in San Jose, California — about 450 miles from Qualcomm's headquarters in San Diego.
Trump hosted Broadcom's Tan in the White House last year when the executive announced the proposed move.
Now that Broadcom has been shoved aside, Qualcomm will be under pressure to prevent its stock price from sinking while trying to complete its own proposed takeover — a proposed $43 billion purchase of NXP Semiconductors.
"Now it's on (Qualcomm's) management to deliver on what they promised," Pajjuri said.
Work has started on a new spa at the Osprey Hotel in Naas.
The facility will cost over €1m. and will be constructed over two floors. It is scheduled to open in May and will incorporate a thermal suite with “several heating and cooling experiences”, according to recent reports.
The spa will be temporarily closed to facilitate the work.
The new facilities will embrace a sauna, steam room, solarium, rasul chamber, rain showers, seaweed baths, a dry flotation, hot tub and heated loungers.
Separately, an extension to the hotel is in the pipeline.
An Bord Pleanala will decide on whether to grant permission for a detached 24 bedroom blocks over three storeys to the side of the existing hotel. The plan envisages the demolition of the existing single storey hotel backup generator outbuilding, landscaping and the relocation of the hotel's back up generator. The existing 32 car parking spaces will be redistributed to the front of the bedroom block (8) and the existing bus parking bays (10) and 14 new spaces will be created in the ESB substation area, which is currently inaccessible.
Kildare County Council granted permission for the development at the end of last September.
This was appealed to An Bord Pleanala by property management company Naas Village Owners Management. They are appealing on the basis of an alleged material contravention of the permission which permitted apartments to be built there.
It is also being claimed that the planned development will result in the loss of private parking amenities for residents and a loss of residential amenity relating to “overlooking and privacy”.
The appeal contends that seven car parking spaces will be lost. NVOM said it was not approached about the proposal nor did it give consent to the loss of these spaces.
It also says some of the new accommodation allows for short term lets “which we assume will partly cater for the stag party and hen party market and (there are) legitimate concerns about noise and nuisance.”
An Bord Pleanala is due to decide on the appeal by March 6.
A judge in Florida gave a stern admonishment to a man she sentenced to five years in prison for a drunken wreck that killed his wife as they had sex, calling it one of the “most senseless, tragic acts” she had ever seen.
Palm Beach County Circuit Judge Laura Johnson sentenced Matthew Notebaert, 33, on Wednesday for the fatal crash on March 8, 2014, as the couple celebrated Amanda Notebaert's first night out after giving birth to their second child.
“This isn't your first chance,” Johnson told Notebaert, according to the Palm Beach Post. “You've been to jail before, you've been on probation. … You failed your wife, you failed your children and you failed all your family that is here today.”
Notebaert told Johnson that he missed his wife “more than words can express” and detailed the night that changed his life forever, saying the couple started drinking from a flask of whisky they snuck into a country music concert. Then, during their ride home after the show, the couple — with Matthew Notebaert behind the wheel — pulled over and started getting intimate.
His wife was soon sitting on his lap, Notebaert said, and the next memory he had was waking up in the couple's Chevrolet Equinox next to his wife's body. Her head had crashed into the dashboard and windshield and she died at the scene, according to arrest reports.
The couple's SUV had been traveling at speeds of 55 mph in a 30-mph zone and missing three warning signs of a canal ahead. The Equinox crashed into the canal so hard that it was airborne for about 30 feet, crashing into the opposite bank of the canal.
Neighbors, at the time of the crash, said it was hard to fathom how the couple missed the signs on the dead-end street just one block away from their Loxahatchee home.
“As soon as you come down the street, you see the reflectors all the way down the street,” neighbor Noelle Zulli Adams told WPBF.com. “You know it's a dead-end.”
A toxicology report found Matthew Notebaert had a blood-alcohol level nearly twice the limit of impairment in Florida and also had marijuana in his system.
Meanwhile, some relatives of Amanda Notebaert did not mince words on what they felt was the appropriate punishment for killing her and leaving two children – a 12-year-old son and 3-year-old daughter — without a mother.
“You had a responsibility to get your wife home safely,” said the woman's parents, Lisa and Mike Stacey, who asked Johnson to give their son-in-law the “maximum allowable sentence.”
Prosecutors, however, felt the 10-year minimum recommended sentence was too harsh and recommended a seven-year term. But Johnson noted Notebaert's previous criminal history, including charges of cocaine possession, burglary and grand theft, when handing down his sentence.
‘I was born in Hungary but now I am an American citizen. And I have seen what this kind of talk can do — I saw it in Berlin. I heard the same words we have heard today.'
Those words could have easily been referring to the hate-filled rhetoric that led to the horror we saw over the weekend in Charlottesville, but, no, they're from a short film created by the U.S. government more than 70 years ago.
A snippet from “Don't be a sucker,” which was created to sound the alarm on World War II-era bigotry and xenophobia, was resurfaced over the weekend by Michael Oman-Reagan, a researcher in British Columbia.
It began with a man on his soapbox telling the crowd, “I see negros holding jobs that belong to me and you. Now I ask you, if we allow this thing to go on, what's going to happen to us real Americans?”
1947 anti-fascist video made by US military to teach citizens how to avoid falling for people like Trump is relevant again. pic.twitter.com/vkTDD1Tplh — Michael (@OmanReagan) August 13, 2017
As of Monday morning, the tweet had been shared more than 134,000 times, including by Minnesota congressman Keith Ellison who urged his followers to “PLEASE WATCH THIS!”
As you can be seen, Oman-Reagan drew lines between the bombastic figure preaching to “real Americans” in the film to the man preaching “America first” in the White House. Trump supporters, of course, took exception to the comparison with the president, but Oman-Reagan didn't back down.
“Ignore reality, facts, and evidence all you want,” he wrote in response. “You still won't fall off the edge of the Earth.”
The full video closes with the line: “We must never let that happen to us or to our country. We must never let ourselves be divided by race or color or religion.”
Watch all 17-plus minutes here:
The American Health Care Act, the GOP's answer to Obamacare, could end up costing the U.S. economy close to 1 million jobs, researchers predicted Wednesday.
The bill, if passed as written by the House of Representatives, would start out boosting jobs and increasing economic output because it would cut taxes, the team at George Washington and The Commonwealth Fund found.
But that would change fast, the experts forecast.
“The AHCA would initially cause a brief spurt of economic growth from tax cuts, which primarily help those with high incomes,” said Leighton Ku, director of the Center for Health Policy Research at the Milken Institute School of Public Health at GW, who led the study team.
“However, cuts in funding for Medicaid and health subsidies then begin to deepen, triggering sharp job losses and broad disruption of state economies in the following years,” Ku added.
“Within a decade, almost a million fewer people would have jobs. The downturn would hit the health care sector and states that expanded Medicaid the hardest.”
Related: Here's What the AHCA Would Do
Health care has added an average 22,000 jobs a month so far in 2017, compared to an average monthly gain of 32,000 in 2016,” the Bureau of Labor Statistics said in its May statement. That adds up to 329,000 jobs over the past year.
Changes in total and health care employment due to the American Health Care Act, 2018 to 2026 George Washington University analysis
The more people who have health insurance, the more health care they seek.
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projected last month that the AHCA would lead to 23 million people losing or opting out of health insurance by 2026 and would cut federal spending on health care by $1.1 trillion.
“Our estimates are based on changes in federal funding gained or lost to states, consumers, and businesses,” Wednesday's report reads.
“The AHCA significantly reduces federal funding for Medicaid. It lowers federal match funding for the 31 states and District of Columbia that expanded Medicaid, encouraging them to discontinue their expansions.”
The Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, part of the U.S. Health and Human Services Department, has a much lower projection for how many people would lose or drop insurance. The CMS actuary calculates that 13 million fewer people would be covered in 2026 under the AHCA.
Related: Will Obamacare Repeal Cost Millions of Jobs?
Health care jobs are an enormous part of the U.S. economy — making for 18 percent of the total Gross Domestic Product or GDP. Hospitals, clinics, doctors and health care services are major sources of jobs, too.
The Senate is working on its own version of the AHCA and it would have to be reconciled with the House version. There's been little information out of the Senate about what changes are planned for its version, which is being written entirely by the Republican majority.
Conservatives want to reduce federal spending to lower the deficit. Ku and colleagues note that will hit jobs on the state level.
“Federal health funds are used to purchase health care. Then, fiscal effects ripple out through the rest of the economy, creating employment and other economic growth. This phenomenon is called the multiplier effect,” the report reads.
“Health funds directly pay hospitals, doctors' offices, and other providers; this is the direct effect of federal funding. These facilities use revenue to pay their employees and buy goods and services, such as rent or equipment; this is the indirect effect of the initial spending.”
Related: U.S. Health Spending Grew Especially Fast Last Year
When people spend less money, jobs can be lost.
That would happen in 2018 in 17 states, the report predicted.
By 2026 the 10 biggest losers would be:
New York (86,000 jobs lost)
Pennsylvania (85,000)
Florida (83,000)
Michigan (51,000)
Illinois (46,000)
New Jersey (42,000)
Ohio (42,000)
North Carolina (41,000)
California (32,000)
Tennessee (28,000)
“The Affordable Care Act enabled the U.S. to make substantial gains in health insurance coverage and led to nationwide improvements in health care access and affordability for millions of people,” said Commonwealth's Sara Collins.
“The deep coverage losses projected under the American Health Care Act would be damaging both to the health of Americans and the state economies in which they work.”
The same team at Commonwealth and GW made similar predictions in January.
Either way, health care spending is likely to grow. CMS projected last February that health care spending will grow by an average of 5.6 percent a year over the next decade. The CMS report released Wednesday projects that health spending would account for 19.9 percent of GDP in 2026.
CAIRO (AP) — Russian President Vladimir Putin has arrived in Cairo for talks with his Egyptian counterpart on their two countries' rapidly expanding ties.
Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, who has visited Russia three times since 2014, gave Putin an official reception at Cairo's airport Monday. It's the Russian president's second visit to Egypt since 2015.
Putin stopped earlier in the day at a Russian military air base in Syria.
Since taking office in 2014, el-Sissi has bought billions of dollars' worth of Russian weapons, including fighter jets and assault helicopters.
Russia and Egypt are also negotiating the construction by a Russian company of Egypt's first nuclear reactor.
Last month, Russia approved a draft agreement with Egypt to allow Russian warplanes to use Egyptian military bases — a sign of Russia's growing Mideast footprint.
They think they know what awaits them, but they have no idea. The Mets slowly have become the toast of the town. When one of them shows up at a...
COLUMBUS, Ohio — A high-profile proponent of marijuana legalization who was spurned as an applicant for a medical marijuana grower's license announced plans on Monday for a 2018 Ohio ballot issue to legalize the sale and possession of marijuana.
The proposal from Green Light Acquisitions would make growing, processing, possessing, selling and using marijuana legal. The measure was announced by Jimmy Gould, CEO of CannAscend, whose grower's proposal was rejected by the Ohio Department of Commerce last month.
Gould said the Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol amendment will be on the ballot next fall. The amendment also would legalize the growing of hemp.
“We will put together the best amendment that we think will pass and does the most good for Ohioans,” Gould said.
Gould raised and spent millions of dollars as a backer of the unsuccessful 2015 effort to legalize marijuana in Ohio. In recent days he has criticized the Department of Commerce for hiring a consultant with a drug conviction to help select Ohio's medical marijuana growers.
Gould said Monday the selection system was flawed by incompetence and favoritism. He suggested problems with a second consultant involved in the medical marijuana program. He also alleged someone at the Department of Commerce was looking for a job with the applicants for growers' licenses.
Commerce spokeswoman Kerry Francis denied those allegations Monday. Consultants hired by the state to help score growers' applications had limited influence on overall selections, and weren't aware of the identity of applicants they reviewed.
She said applicants denied a grower's license can appeal.
“We have confidence that we had a blind and impartial process,” Francis said.
Gould's criticism — picked up by some lawmakers and several candidates running for governor — focuses on the 2005 guilty plea in Pennsylvania by consultant Trevor Bozeman at age 20 to charges of manufacturing, possessing and distributing drugs. A marijuana possession charge was dropped.
Bozeman was one of three consultants Ohio selected to help grade the grower applications. The consultants worked with state employees to select the growers. Bozeman has not returned phone and email messages.
Last month, Ohio selected 12 large growers for a total of 24 licenses.
The state will use the consultants next to help score applicants for the medical marijuana processors.
Ohio's medical marijuana law, passed last year, allows people with medical conditions such as cancer and epilepsy to buy and use marijuana if a doctor recommends it. It doesn't allow smoking.
Andrew Welsh-Huggins can be reached on Twitter: @awhcolumbus
The Bridgeport Farmers Market takes place each Sunday and is quite the hub for local produce and small businesses. Small business owners said they keep coming back because of the interest participation in the Farmers Market brings their business.
Two small businesses partnered together Sunday for a cooking demonstration. Quantum Bean Coffee and My Little Cupcake fused their favorites together to make a delicious coffee drink.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — The U.S. Senate voted 67 to 31 on Wednesday to ease bank rules, bringing Congress a step closer to passing the first rewrite of the Dodd-Frank reform law enacted after the 2007-2009 global financial crisis.
The draft legislation now heads to the U.S. House of Representatives where Republicans in the majority say they want to add more provisions to ease financial regulations. Those changes have some of the bill's backers worried that late alterations could upend the deal struck in the Senate between Republicans and Democrats.
The bill would ease tight restrictions on small banks and community lenders, and includes provisions beneficial to all but the largest U.S. banks.
Pedestrians pass in front of a Wells Fargo & Co. bank branch in New York on Jan. 5, 2018. Daniel Tepper / Bloomberg via Getty Images
The measure marks the first significant rewrite of financial rules since the passage of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law. The White House said in a statement that President Donald Trump would sign the bill into law if approved by the House.
Republican critics say Dodd-Frank went too far and curbs banks' ability to lend, while many Democrats say it provides critical protections for consumers and taxpayers.
The bill would raise the threshold at which banks are considered systemically risky and subject to stricter oversight to $250 billion from $50 billion. It also exempts banks with less than $10 billion in assets from rules banning proprietary trading, as well as exempts smaller banks from several other post-crisis rules.
The bill would allow custody banks such as BNY Mellon and State Street Corp to exempt the customer deposits they place with central banks from a stringent capital calculation requirement.
The roundabout under construction at the Anderson/Scenic/Kimball intersection will open to traffic on Wednesday, Aug. 16, weather permitting. Temporary roads and stop signs will be removed, and traffic will be able to use one lane in and out of the roundabout in each direction. Additional lanes of traffic in and out of the roundabout will open later in the project.
Construction continues on other aspects of the project, and the speed limit remains at 20 mph throughout the work zone. Please use caution, obey all traffic control and pay attention during this transition.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Goals from Højbjerg and Soares see off plucky Wigan as the Saints reach the semi-final in Mark Hughes' first game in charge.
One consequence of higher share prices for U.S. stocks this earnings season is that companies have pulled back considerably from buying back their own shares, but one area where that doesn't appear to be the case is at big banks.
New stock buybacks so far this earnings season have been disappointing and are at their lowest levels in five years, said TrimTabs Investment Research in a note Monday.
According to TrimTabs, an average of 2.8 S&P 500 companies have announced $1.4 billion in buybacks on a daily basis over the past five weeks of earnings season, the lowest such volume since May 2012. That's part of a broader trend as equity prices have consistently carved out records over the year. The S&P 500 index SPX, +1.00% is up 10% for the year, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.62% is up 11% and the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.34% is up nearly 18%.
“Buyback volume has averaged $2.5 billion daily in 2017, down from the interim peak of $3.1 billion daily in 2015,” TrimTabs said. “Moreover, activity has become increasingly concentrated.”
Most notably, the firm said that Bank of America Corp. BAC, +2.35% Citigroup Inc. C, +1.63% Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +1.43% J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +1.17% Morgan Stanley MS, +1.88% and Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, +1.73% have accounted for a combined 20% of stock buyback volume this year.
Bank spending on share repurchases (Source: FactSet)
Company Buybacks 1H2017 Buybacks 1H2016 Change 12-month stock price performance Bank of America $4.97 billion $2.83 billion 76% 64% Citigroup $3.64 billion $2.63 billion 38% 49% Goldman Sachs $3.03 billion $3.93 billion (23%) 40% J.P. Morgan Chase $5.84 billion $4.54 billion 29% 42% Morgan Stanley $1.71 billion $1.63 billion 5% 60% Wells Fargo $4.47 billion $4.24 billion 5% 11%
Another area where buyback interest is still strong is at Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.50% , even though levels have dropped off from a year ago. In addition to the 20% of buyback volume from banks, Apple accounted for 9% of buyback volume, said TrimTabs.
Apple led buybacks with $7 billion in the second quarter, off from the $10.2 billion it spent on buybacks in the second quarter of 2016, according to Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices.
On the whole, buybacks in the second quarter are down 7.6% from the year-ago quarter, and 10.7% lower than the first quarter, Silverblatt said. While buybacks from the financial sector slipped in the second quarter, they are still up 10% year over year, he added.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — The Arkansas Supreme Court has halted the executions of two men originally scheduled to be put to death Monday night, putting another legal roadblock in place in Arkansas' plan to conduct eight executions before the end of April.
Justices granted the stays Monday afternoon for Don Davis and Bruce Ward. The inmates wanted stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a case concerning access to independent mental health experts by defendants. The U.S. high court is set to hold oral arguments in that case April 24.
Related: Arkansas Judge Barred from Ruling on Executions After Showing Up at Protest
The inmates' attorneys say they were denied access to independent mental health experts. They've argued that Ward has a lifelong history of severe mental illness and that Davis has an IQ in the range of intellectual disability.
Related: Arkansas Executions: First Two Men Scheduled to Die Push for Delay
Arkansas' supply of one key execution drug expires April 30. A federal judge has also stayed the executions on different grounds, and the state has appealed that ruling.
It's official. Right-wing extremists have declared war on America.
Rather than attend the Nazi rally in Charlottesville, Virginia with his fellow “Three Percenters” over the weekend, Jerry Drake Varnell decided to attempt a second Oklahoma City Bombing instead.
Emulating right-wing terrorist Timothy McVeigh, Varnell wanted to detonate a car bomb near the memorial honoring the 168 people who were murdered in 1995 when McVeigh detonated a similar bomb outside the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, a blast that even killed many children.
Luckily, Varnell was being monitored by the FBI at the time and even had an undercover agent with Varnell to guarantee that the bombing plot would fail.
“There was never a concern that our community's safety or security was at risk during this investigation,” FBI Special Agent Kathryn Peterson said in a statement. “I can assure the public, without hesitation, that we had Varnell's actions monitored every step of the way.”
Varnell was arrested while trying to detonate the unarmed bomb next to the BancFirst in Oklahoma City. He intended to post an anti-government manifesto on social media afterward if he had succeeded.
And it appears that Varnell is connected to a group of right-wing extremists who are currently participating in the Nazi rally in Charlottesville, Virginia that resulted in acts of violence and the murder of a woman in an act of domestic terrorism.
The Washington Post reports:
According to the complaint, over the course of a months-long undercover investigation by the FBI, Varnell made repeated statements about the extent of his hatred of the federal government. In one conversation he said he believed in the “Three Percenter” ideology — a form of anti-government activism that pledges resistance against the United States government on the belief it has infringed on the Constitution, according to court papers. Those who subscribe to the ideology incorrectly believe that only 3 percent of the colonial population participated in the American Revolution, and they see themselves as their heirs.
Donald Trump's refusal to condemn Nazis and the rest of the right-wing extremists in Charlottesville has emboldened them. If the FBI had not already been monitoring Varnell, his bomb would have exploded and killed Americans. One wonders how many more domestic terrorism plots are underway because white nationalists think Trump is on their side.
Featured image via Brittanica
Mayor de Blasio's plan to create 100,000 'good paying' jobs begins with an investment in an industrial part of the Brooklyn waterfront. The new hub for film and fashion will be built along the river in Sunset Park at the Bush Terminal. Gus Rosendale has a closer look.
Mayor de Blasio announced Tuesday that $136 million will be invested into an old warehouse in Brooklyn for the creation of a "Made in NY" campus, a city-run complex that will lease space to film and TV makers, along with fashion companies.
Supporters of the project say the move will produce good-paying jobs, with annual averages near $57,000 for fashion and $53,000 for film.
The 1,500 permanent jobs won't be expected at the Sunset Park campus until 2020.
It's part of a job creation initiative pledged by the mayor: de Blasio says 100,000 new jobs will b
Mayor de Blasio announced Tuesday that $136 million will be invested into an old warehouse in Brooklyn for the creation of a "Made in NY" campus, a city-run complex that will lease space to film and TV makers, along with fashion companies.
Supporters of the project say the move will produce good-paying jobs, with annual averages near $57,000 for fashion and $53,000 for film.
The 1,500 permanent jobs won't be expected at the Sunset Park campus until 2020. In the meantime, 800 construction jobs are expected for the complex.
It's part of a job creation initiative pledged by the mayor: de Blasio says there will be 100,000 new jobs by 2026.
The investments at Bush Terminal include major renovations to two existing buildings to create nearly 200,000 square feet of garment manufacturing space, a newly constructed 100,000-square foot film and TV production facility, and pedestrian-friendly streetscape improvements and new plaza space.
The mayor's office says both the fashion and film industries are in need of stable, affordable space to grow and add jobs.
Rex Tillerson's abrupt firing as secretary of state last week will likely undermine the latest U.S. push to resolve a nine-month standoff between Qatar and a Saudi-led alliance, viewed by the Trump administration as a distraction from efforts to curb Iran's regional influence.
Shortly before President Donald Trump dismissed Tillerson, U.S. officials were working to convene Qatar and the bloc at an April meeting in Kuwait to reach an initial agreement on ending the dispute, according to two people briefed on the plan, including a senior Gulf official. The final deal would then be sealed at a summit in May hosted by Trump, the people said on condition of anonymity because the talks were private.
The departure of Tillerson, who had pushed for a negotiated settlement to the crisis from its outset in June, and his replacement by CIA chief Mike Pompeo, means Saudi Arabia and its allies will be under less pressure to end their boycott of Qatar soon, they said, an opinion supported by analysts.
“The Saudi government will welcome Pompeo as secretary of state, but overcoming the current stalemate in the Gulf will be a very difficult challenge for him to tackle,” said Hesham Alghannam, a Saudi researcher at Exeter University's Institute for Arab and Islamic Studies in the U.K.
Saudi Crown Prince Goes to Washington With a Reputation at Stake
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt severed diplomatic and transport links with Qatar in June, accusing it of funding Islamist extremists and cozying up to Iran, Saudi Arabia's main regional rival. The charges have been repeatedly denied by Doha.
Qatari leaders say the world's biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas has absorbed the shocks of the boycott, which briefly disrupted imports and squeezed banks as foreign deposits dropped.
At a briefing in Washington on Monday, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir dismissed the importance of the dispute compared to issues such as Iran or Yemen, saying “Qatar is irrelevant.” Steps taken so far by Qatar -- such as signing a memorandum of understanding on counterterrorism with the U.S. and cutting funding to Hamas -- “are good steps but they need to do more,” he added.
For the Trump administration, the Middle East has been a key foreign policy issue, with much of it centered around supporting the Saudis and isolating Iran.
Read a QuickTake on Saudi Arabia's great makeover as it looks past oil
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman, who meets Trump at the White House on Tuesday as part of an extended U.S. trip, has shown few signs he's in any hurry to resolve the Qatar crisis, telling Egyptian newspaper editors this month on a visit to Cairo that it could drag on for a long time.
Tillerson's mediation efforts had put him at odds with the Saudi bloc, which saw the former Exxon Mobil chief as too sympathetic to gas-rich Qatar. Arab News, a Saudi newspaper, celebrated his ouster, splashing “You're fired!” -- Trump's catchphrase from “The Apprentice” -- across its front page along with an editorial criticizing his policies.
U.S. officials say the administration's position is unchanged in the wake of Tillerson's ouster. A State Department spokesperson, who asked not to be identified discussing administration policy, said the U.S. still believes resolving the dispute is in all parties' interests and that unity in the region is essential to confronting Iran and countering terrorism.
The standoff broke out after Trump visited Saudi Arabia in May. While Trump initially echoed the Saudi condemnation of Qatar, he has since moderated his tone. The president told a visiting Kuwaiti delegation in September that Gulf Arab monarchies can't effectively counter the growing regional influence of Iran if they're busy fighting each other, a Gulf official said at the time.
U.S. Military Base
U.S. and Qatari officials have said Qatar, home to a key American military base used in the fight against Islamic State, has made progress in cracking down on terrorist financing. Qatari ruler Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani is set to visit Washington in April.
While Trump isn't expected to go back to his initial position at the outset of the crisis, the appointment of Pompeo could complicate efforts to end the boycott, said Andreas Krieg, a lecturer in the department of defense studies at King's College in London and a former adviser to the Qatari military.
The concern is that Pompeo has a “very black and white vision toward political Islam,” he said. Also, the vehemency of his opposition to the 2015 deal that lifted most sanctions on Iran in return for curbs on its nuclear program has matched that of Trump.
Mohammed Alyahya, a Saudi non-resident fellow at the Atlantic Council, said Pompeo and Saudi leaders share similar views on key regional issues. They will be expecting him to bring “more pressure on Doha to distance itself from Iran and Islamist groups around the region,” Alyahya said.
Foreign Minister al-Jubeir confirmed that the Saudi government sees Pompeo's nomination as positive, adding that officials regularly met with him in his role as Central Intelligence Agency chief.
Pompeo, he said, “is a friend,” al-Jubeir said. “Mike Pompeo I believe will do a splendid job as secretary of state.”
— With assistance by Zainab Fattah, Mohammed Sergie, and Nick Wadhams
Everything you need to know about the FIFA World Cup 2018 Group E matches between Brazil, Switzerland, Costa Rica and Serbia
Which teams are in World Cup 2018 Group E?
Brazil
Switzerland
Costa Rica
Serbia
TV and radio coverage: All Group A games are being covered live on TV in the UK by either BBC or ITV. All games are being covered live on the radio in the UK on BBC Radio 5Live and BBC Radio 5Live Sports Extra.
Advertisement
When is Costa Rica v Serbia being played? Sunday 17th June
What time is kick off? 1pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Samara Arena, Samara
When is Brazil v Switzerland being played? Sunday 17th June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Rostov Arena, Rostov-on-Don
When is Brazil v Costa Rica being played? Friday 22nd June
What time is kick off? 1pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Krestovsky Stadium, Saint Petersburg
When is Serbia v Switzerland being played? Friday 22nd June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Kaliningrad Stadium, Kaliningrad
When is Serbia v Brazil being played? Wednesday 27th June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Otkrytie Arena, Moscow
When is Switzerland v Costa Rica being played? Wednesday 27th June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Nizhny Novgorod Stadium, Nizhny Novgorod
Advertisement
Full World Cup 2018 fixtures by group
Wake Forest coach Dave Clawson said his team wanted to play in Charlotte, and now they'll face Texas A&M in the Belk Bowl on Dec. 29. Chuck Burton AP
Hero cop finds autistic boy after school didn't notice he was missing A 6-year-old autistic boy ran out of a Brooklyn school without anyone noticing and wound up on a nearby rooftop, where an off-duty cop grabbed him from the ledge. “Thank...
City Council plans to approve Avonte's Law The City Council is on the verge of passing a law requiring alarms on exit doors at public schools to prevent tragedies like the disappearance and death of student Avonte...
The company behind the construction of a £2.2bn mine near Whitby has completed the purchase of land in Redcar to house its water distribution network.
The Bran Sands site on Teesside that lies adjacent to the former Redcar steelworks site will be home to its harbour facilities and a conveyor system as part of its Woodsmith mine development to extract polyhalite, a multi-nutrient fertilizer.
The site in Redcar.
The mine, described by a government minister in February this year as a “project of national importance,” is currently under construction near Whitby. The whole operation will create over 2,500 jobs and £2.5bn of annual exports at full production.
Sirius' project involves the construction of two deep mineshafts to access the mineral deposit, connected to a 23 mile tunnel to transport the polyhalite via conveyor belt to Wilton, where it will be processed in a new plant. The finished ‘POLY4' product will then be transported to a new harbour built at Bran Sands for shipping around the world.
Construction at the Woodsmith Mine site is currently underway, with building activity in Teesside due to commence in 2019 and first production of polyhalite due by 2021.
“The acquisition of Bran Sands represents another important step forward in the ongoing development of our project,” said Chris Fraser, CEO of Sirius Minerals. “Having exclusive access to our own deep water port is a huge part of the proposition for our project, giving us access to a global distribution network.”
Toddler found dead in East Village apartment A 21-month-old toddler died in an East Village apartment early Thursday, authorities said. Little Reid Smith was found unconscious in his second-floor apartment on East 10th Street near University Place...
Beth Israel's multi-block campus enticing for investors Investors interested in buying portions of the Beth Israel campus are being directed to Douglas Harmon of Eastdil Secured. The hospital sits on a mid-Manhattan multi-block campus and apartment complex...
Huguette Clark's estate appeals court ruling on $95M hospital suit Lawyers representing the estate of the late copper heiress Huguette Clark have appealed a ruling that let Beth Israel Hospital out of a $95 million lawsuit. A lower court excused...
Hospital doesn't owe Huguette Clark's estate due to loophole The Manhattan hospital that kept an elderly heiress in a private room for nearly 20 years for no medical reason — while reaping millions of dollars from her — doesn't...
Ex-pharmacy head gets 5 years for stealing $5.6M in painkillers The former chief pharmacist at Beth Israel Hospital, accused of stealing $5.6 million in painkillers, took a plea deal in a Manhattan court Wednesday that will send him to prison...
Man shot dead in East Village apartment A man was shot and killed in the East Village on Monday afternoon, authorities said. The 33-year-old victim was shot inside of 20 Avenue D just after 4:30 p.m., and...
Pharmacist arrested for stealing $5.6M in painkillers The former chief pharmacist at Beth Israel ​Hospital ​was arrested Tuesday ​in the theft of $5.6 million in painkillers that prosecutors believe ended up on the black market, authorities said....
Judge tosses disgraced Manhattan gynecologist in jail A judge tossed a disgraced Manhattan gynecologist in jail for six months Tuesday for using an insurance scam to steal more than $250,000 from his former employer Beth Israel Medical...
Executors of Huguette Clark's estate claim she was insane ​Sure, the famously eccentric copper heiress Huguette Clark chose to live the last 20 years of her life in an unadorned hospital room instead of her three art-filled mansions, and...
The Giants and Jets may have not made this weekend's big game, but that doesn't mean that some of the tri-state's fiercest competitors won't be clawing for glory (or, at the very least, a toy mouse) in Minneapolis this weekend.
Cats from the North Shore Animal League on Long Island will appear in Kitten Bowl V, set to broadcast on the Hallmark Channel from noon to 6 p.m. on Sunday. The felines are among the more than 100 homeless cats and kittens that headed to Minneapolis ahead of Super Bowl LII in an event aiming to raise the awareness of shelter animals.
The cats this year will be divided up into four teams: the Little Longtails, North Shore Bengals, Last Hope Lions, and Pouncy Panthers. The two teams will play it out in hopes of winning the Hissman Trophy. And one cat will also be named Most Valuable Kitten, joining former Kitten Bowl greats including Tomcat Brady, Taby Romo, Mew Brees and Joe Montuna.
The lighthearted event does come with a good cause: All of the animals who headed to the Kitten Bowl will be available for adoption.
And the North Shore Animal League said that there will be more than 500 other Kitten Bowl parties across the country for fans and adopters who couldn't make it to the event.
For more information about the Kitten Bowl, visit the Hallmark Channel's website.
1:36 'The King,' (Elvis impersonator Will Kettler) is in the house for Valentine's Day weddings Pause
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of his internment for first time since 1942
0:33 Fresno police arrest two after string of armed robberies
1:39 Most babies should be exposed to peanuts earlier, according to new guidelines
1:20 6 things to know about Calexit – the plan for California to secede from the U.S.
0:51 Fans line up waiting for Twenty One Pilots
0:57 Protesters target Mayor Brand's refusal to designate Fresno a sanctuary city
2:08 Fowler girls chase Central Section's lone unbeaten regular season
2:06 She watched her husband die in icy Fresno apartment: 'He couldn't fight the cold'
The “24” clock is ticking again — this time without Kiefer Sutherland's Jack Bauer.
In “24: Legacy” — the next iteration of the real-time thriller — our hero is Eric Carter (Corey Hawkins), who's racing to stop a terrorist attack on US soil. Unlike Jack, a career agent known to use any means necessary — including torture — to foil terrorist plots, Eric's a young ex-Army Ranger pulled back into the action.
“There are certain things that Jack Bauer, as a hardened CTU [counterterrorism unit] veteran, was more inclined to do,” says Hawkins, 28. “Eric's moral compass is very different from Jack's. It's about whether or not he feels comfortable with those situations that he has to go through. Whereas Jack was like, ‘Get out of my way, I'm trained,' we'll see Eric grow into that — or not.”
The premiere airs Sunday on Fox after the Super Bowl (then Mondays at 8 p.m.), and finds Eric and his wife, Nicole (Anna Diop), trying to rebuild their life in federal witness protection after he led a mission that took out a terrorist leader in Yemen. When the sheik's followers expose the identities of Eric's squad, and start killing them off, Eric asks outgoing CTU national director Rebecca Ingram (Miranda Otto) for help after she steps down to join her husband, Sen. John Donovan (Jimmy Smits), on the presidential campaign trail.
Hawkins, a Washington, DC, native and Juilliard graduate, received raves for his portrayal of Dr. Dre in the 2015 NWA biopic “Straight Outta Compton.” He was the producers' first choice to take over the franchise, winning the role in a grainy, 4 a.m. Skype call from Australia, where he was shooting “Kong: Skull Island.”
Since the original “24” debuted more than 15 years ago, producers didn't want “Legacy” to lean too heavily on its predecessor. But there's at least one returnee from the original series: Tony Almeida (Carlos Bernard), last seen in prison on the DVD extras of “24: Live Another Day.” Executive producer Howard Gordon will only say that Tony “has a deep relationship” with a main “Legacy” character and will be introduced later this season. “[Tony] is a guy who has been so deeply scarred and lost so much because of his service, he's like a walking wound that's been scarred over and over again,” says Gordon, who won't rule out the possibility that Jack Bauer may enter this story (no Sutherland appearances are planned thus far).
“You only want to bring Jack up when he's substantially part of it. Just invoking him is a hollow exercise,” Gordon says. “If the story calls for someone in the ‘24' universe to make a cameo, I think it's fun, but we're not going to trot out someone from the old cast every other week. The show has to live on its own.”
Sutherland (currently starring in ABC's “Designated Survivor”) is, however, involved in the project as an executive producer. “He's the only person I can talk to that understands exactly what I'm going through right now,” Hawkins says. “To have his blessing was the one thing I was nervous about.”
“24: Legacy” Series premiere Sunday night on Fox
A Bury St Edmunds shop has answered a foodbank's plea for items.
McColl's at Hardwick Shopping Centre donated £60 worth of food to Gatehouse following an appeal in the Bury Free Press.
The charity, in Dettingen Way, recently saw a dramatic spike in demand for the foodbank and needed to replenish its stocks.
Thanking McColl's, Amanda Bloomfield, chief executive of Gatehouse, said: “We're still very much in need of donations to be able to get us through the cold half of the year and ready for Christmas.”
The charity is also appealing for items for the 400 Christmas hampers it distributes.
By Tendai Kamhungira
MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai yesterday heaped praise on his deputy Nelson Chamisa, describing him as a “dedicated” cadre on his 40th birthday.
In a message on his microblogging site Twitter, an ailing Tsvangirai, who along with Chamisa are members of the MDC's founding “Top Six”, said the party's deputy president had shown unwavering dedication over the years.
“@nelsonchamisa joined the struggle for a new #Zimbabwe at an early age & over the years has shown nothing but an unwavering dedication to complete this journey, fierce loyalty to the people & a tenacity to confront any obstacle along the way.
“Help me say HBD (Happy Birthday) as he turns 40 today,” Tsvangirai said in a message accompanied with a picture of him and a young Chamisa taken years ago.
Chamisa, a founding member of the opposition MDC, turned 40 yesterday.
Apparently, the minimum age required to be elected president of the Republic is 40 years on the day of the election.
The new charter also sets a maximum of two five-year terms for the president and curbs presidential powers.
Both Tsvangirai and Chamisa have since the formation of the MDC in 1999, fallen victim to former president Robert Mugabe's iron fisted rule after they were assaulted and left for dead by State security agents on several occasions.
Chamisa escaped death by a whisker after he was brutally assaulted in March 2007 at Harare International Airport as he was trying to leave for a meeting in Brussels, while Tsvangirai, along with pro-democracy activist Lovemore Madhuku, were assaulted at a Harare police station after a prayer session in 2007 called to protest worsening economic hardships then.
Chamisa started politics at a tender age, rising to be one of the youngest ministers during the government of national unity that ran between 2009 and 2013.
He has served in all three arms of government, the Executive as a Cabinet minister, the Judiciary as an advocate of the High Court, and in Parliament as Kuwadzana East MDC member of Parliament.
Announcing his birthday on social media platforms yesterday, Chamisa wrote: “The chronicles of Nelson Chamisa. My story @ 40..2 February is a special day for me. I thank you all my friends for the warmth & love. I glorify the Almighty God for faithfully taking me through it all”.
He received several congratulatory messages from friends and family, among them MDC youth leader Happymore Chidziva popularly known as Cde Bvondo.
“Nelson Chamisa has over the years inspired many among the young generation…
“He is a success story of the rich attributes and plethora of abilities within the young generation. His journey to 40 years defeats the ancient narrative and belief that youths are only leaders of tomorrow. His story has proven that we lead today and tomorrow. Undoubtedly, he has become a cherished legacy across the divide,” Chidziva said.
Academic Pedzisai Ruhanya who heads the Zimbabwe Democracy Institute think-tank said: “As you turn 40 today and continue on your public political life, you must be strong and liberal to accept criticism where it is due in order to mature. This includes accepting censure from people like me when you make unhelpful statements such as getting $15 billion from Donald Trump.
“We criticise you not because we love your political adversaries and vice versa but because the truth is enriching and enduring.
“Same applies to those in political power contestations in MDC-T such as (Thokozani) Khupe, (Elias) Mudzuri and (Douglas) Mwonzora.
“When we make public your individual failings, it is not that we support one candidate or the other but we do so base on proven and contestable facts available.
“We are free minds whose brief is straight talk and truth bar bootlicking. Happy birthday to Hon Nelson Chamisa!” Daily News
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Coach Jorge Sampaoli won't blame Lionel Messi for Argentina being on the brink of missing its first World Cup since 1970. Sampaoli says “one can't ask more of Messi.”
Maybe. But as Messi and Sampaoli seek answers, a World Cup without the two-time champions is now imaginable.
Argentina is sixth in the South America standings, and only the top four advance automatically. The fifth-place team can qualify by winning a playoff with New Zealand.
Archrival Brazil is in. Argentina will reach at least a playoff if it wins its last qualifier on Tuesday in Quito, Ecuador, where all visiting teams gasp for air at 2,850 metres (9,350 feet).
Argentina's problem? Goals. In the last three matches it's scored just one; this from the World Cup runner-up three years ago.
Video
"Where you from, buddy?"
Despite initially struggling to understand his accent during a press conference, Alexander Zverev made a promise to one reporter if he won the tournament.
In this July 3, 2018, image taken from video provided by the Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page, a Thai boy smiles as a Thai Navy SEAL medic helps injured children inside a cave in Mae Sai, northern Thailand.
Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page via AP
Rescue workers assisted by Thai navy SEALs started teaching some members of a young soccer team and their coach how to swim and dive Wednesday, nearly two weeks after they became trapped in a cave in northern Thailand.
The boys, ages 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach, have been stranded deep inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Thailand's Chiang Rai province for 12 days. They disappeared when they went exploring after a soccer game June 23 and were found by rescue divers late Monday.
But risky conditions including volatile water levels, challenging terrain and heavy rains forecast for the weekend have complicated plans to safely extract them.
Some of the boys do not know how to swim and flooding in the caves means the boys would likely have to dive to be able to escape, which rescue experts say could be extremely dangerous, especially for people with no experience with scuba gear.
Thai media reported the boys have been practicing using dive masks and other equipment but have not yet tried them out in water.
"The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters in Thailand on Wednesday. "Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," he said.
He added if the high water levels fell, the team would be taken out quickly.
The British divers who found the squad said it took three hours to reach them, as they faced fast-moving currents and had to pull themselves along cave walls.
The boys and their coach were trapped in the cave by a sudden influx of water.
More: Thai cave: Boys may have to scuba to safety – even those who can't swim
More: An illustrated look at the Thai cave rescue
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn, the Thai official overseeing the rescue operation, said Wednesday that "all 13 may not come out at the same time. If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100%, he can come out."
But Narongsak said rescue teams are still looking for other ways to rescue the boys, such as locating alternative routes into the cave's network of narrow passageways.
Some cave rescue experts have said it would be safer to keep the team supplied with essential food and medicine where they are for now and wait for the water levels to recede. However, that approach could take months, as Thailand's monsoon season usually lasts through October.
It's also possible that conditions inside the cave could change. The boys are taking shelter on a ledge surrounded by water more than a mile from the cave's main entrance, and about half a mile below the surface.
Still, the boys and their coach reported they were in good health in a brief video released Wednesday on the Thai navy SEALs Facebook page.
The SEALs, including medics, are staying with the team inside the cave and the boys are mostly in a stable condition after having received high-protein drinks.
The one-minute video shows the team together with the SEALs inside the darkened cave. While the boys are visibly thin, they appear to be in good spirits as they introduce themselves one-by-one to the camera.
In the video, as a light is shone on each boy's face they address the camera with head bowed and hands clasped together in a Thai prayer-like greeting known as "wai."
A few of the boys appear to be wearing soccer jerseys from international teams. One of them resembles the one worn by the England soccer squad in its Tuesday night World Cup victory over Colombia in Moscow.
At one point in the video, the boys laugh in response to an apparent joke made by a member of the rescue team. Experts have said that looking after the boys' mental health will be key to ensuring they are able to safely take part in any rescue plan.
Thai authorities said they are working to install an Internet cable to the cave so that the parents of the boys can talk to their children.
"It's like he has been given a new life," Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside the cave, told the Associated Press. She said she'll never let her son go into a cave or near water again.
The longest time anyone has survived while trapped underground is 69 days, according to Guinness World Records. In that incident, all 33 Chilean miners — known as the "33 of San Jose" — made it safely back to the surface via a rescue capsule after they were trapped 2,257 ft below the surface after the collapse of a mine near Copiapo, Chile, in August 2010. The gold-copper mine collapsed after an earthquake.
Search for trapped soccer team in Thailand Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08 Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The street art-famous neighborhood of Wynwood — whose walls are always freshly painted with new works — has a cluster of four inviting breweries with lively indoor-outdoor space that make for a leisurely afternoon for all ages.
Newcomer Veza Sur Brewing Co., whose master brewer hails from Chile, has a sleek black-and-white design that resembles a flora-filled library. Of its 18 brews, the signature is the chope, which is served very cold and topped by a thick layer of foam.
Just blocks away, the city's first craft brewery has a more laid-back vibe. Wynwood Brewing just celebrated its fourth birthday with a new brew called the Coqui-To barrel-aged milk stout, inspired by a Puerto Rican eggnog-style drink.
Another hyperlocal release is a festively spiced imperial porter, Deck the Walls, from Concrete Beach Brewery, which comes in a can designed by a local artist.
Concrete Beach's round central bar offers views of the metal tanks churning within, while an outdoor space with a newly installed retractable roof (for all weather conditions) has walls covered in cheeky murals and giant board games.
Don't skip J. Wakefield. Founded by accountant turned brewer Johnathan Wakefield, it's known for sour beers. One particular favorite is Coqui Rechazado, a sour ale infused with guava, oranges, kumquat and bay leaves. (Proceeds go to Puerto Rico hurricane relief.)
A mural of Darth Vader looms over picnic tables outside — perfect for Star Wars fans from pint-sized to oversized. Plus, beer “is a liquid art form in itself,” says staffer Alex Reyes.
Cheers to that.
Who could be in the race for FM's job?
The race is on to become the next first minister of Wales, but who are the likely candidates?
Billie Lee is serving up some storylines this season.
"I love that people are going to see a trans woman dating. That's cool."
Knowing what we know now, are you interested in the new Pixels?
Yes.
Maybe, I'll have to see more.
Nah. View Results
It's almost flu season, and to help kids stay well, flu vaccines are being offered to students in Springfield Public Schools.
Flu vaccine clinics will be held at 58 school sites in cooperation with Jordan Valley Community Health Center and with help from CoxHealth, Mercy and the Springfield-Greene County Health Department.
Clinics start October 17 and run through November 15.
Only students whose parents sign and return a required consent form will receive the flu vaccine.
Anyone who would like more information should contact the nurse at their child's school.
MSNBC host Joy Reid once trumpeted an infamous, conspiratorial 9/11 film that labeled the terrorist attacks as an inside job, according to a report Wednesday.
March, 2006, on her now-defunct blog ReidBlog, she encouraged followers to watch “Loose Change” — an 80-minute film produced in part by Infowars' Alex Jones, BuzzFeed News reported.
“Loose Change” is considered a seminal work among 9/11 truthers, who believe the US government had a role in the attacks. Its central claims have long been debunked.
“The fundamental question is: do you believe the official story of 9/11?” according to Reid's post.
“If you do, great. If you don't, then everything that happened after that is called into serious question. Even if you're agnostic, or you tend to believe that al-Qaida attacked the World Trade Center and Pentagon and that the government had no warning such a thing could happen, it's worth taking a second look.”
see also Joy Reid under fire for bizarre explanation about hateful posts MSNBC star Joy Reid raised eyebrows Monday when she claimed...
Reid and MSNBC could not be reached for comment.
Reid came under fire late last year when old blog posts showed her making a string of insensitive LBGT remarks.
She mocked then-Florida Gov. Charlie Crist as “Miss Charlie” and attacked Fox News Channel commentator Ann Coulter with transgender stereotypes.
Reid first said she had been hacked, but then later apologized.
The host of MSNBC's “AM Joy” has come under increased scrutiny since Tuesday, when ABC abruptly cancelled Roseanne Barr's hit sitcom after she made a string of racist, anti-Semitic tweets.
Big investment firms team up to bid on software company The Blackstone Group is teaming up with CVC Capital Partners to make a major investment in New York enterprise software firm Infor, The Post has learned. The investment, which may...
Apax seeks transparency after ousting longtime Rue21 execs Private equity firm Apax Partners says on its Web site that it seeks to build and maintain long-term relationships with management teams, based on trust and mutual advantage. Well, they...
Apax stops sale of $2.3B armored car company Apax Partners won't be cashing out of its investment in armored car company GardaWorld Security. The private-equity firm has ended the auction to sell the Montreal-based company for more than...
Apax to pay for stumbling Rue21 Private equity firm Apax Partners will be paying a rich premium for a stumbling teen retailer. Apax in May signed a $42-a-share deal for Rue21 and on Thursday won overwhelming...
The Rock Springs Tigers were able to pull away from their halftime tie, to take the win over the Natrona County Mustangs, 71-59. The Tigers are now 3-2 in conference play and 9-7 overall.
senior Noah Spence led the team in scoring with 16 points. Freshman Graedyn Buell and sophomore Justis Reese each added 15 points.
The Tigers are at home next Friday, February 9, as they host the Jackson Broncs. Tipoff is set for 7:30 p.m. Listen to the game live on WyoRadio's am 1360 krkk.
The family of slain NYPD Detective Joseph Lemm is in talks with the Archdiocese of New York about holding his funeral at St. Patrick's Cathedral — following an emotional service...
BNEF Talk: The Future of LNG
BNEF's Head of APAC Research and Global Head of LNG Ashish Sethia talks about the supply and demand outlook for natural gas and LNG, and their role in a low carbon future. (Source: Bloomberg)
Celebs are just leaving the house topless now Finding the perfect outfit is such a struggle that celebrities aren't even bothering anymore; they're just going out in their bras. Basic bras have replaced the corset, the pajama shirt...
Chart toppers at the Billboard Music Awards From new artists to legends, stars celebrate the top hits of the year.
The best and worst moments of the 2017 Billboard Music Awards The 2017 Billboard Music Awards brought together pop music's A-listers on Sunday night. The T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas played host to a fascinating mix of legends, the current kings...
Imagine Dragons to honor Chris Cornell at Billboard Awards The Soundgarden and Audioslave singer died this week by hanging himself inside a Detroit hotel room.
Cher to sing 'Believe' at Billboard Music Awards this month It will be her first awards show performance in more than 15 years.
Madonna defends Prince tribute with subtle drug reference Madonna thought it fitting to bring along her favorite bag with “Dealer” emblazoned on it.
The track was written by Miranda and gets its title from the West Side Story song "Maria." In the music video, also released today, Miranda travels to record with artists in Los Angeles, New York, Miami, and Puerto Rico.
In a statement, Border Angels, which advocates for immigrant rights on the US-Mexico border, said Castro disappeared somewhere between Mexico City and Puebla.
“I seriously need help,” Hugo Castro, a US citizen who works with the San Diego-based Border Angels, said in Spanish on Thursday. “My battery is going to die, I'm not going to move from here.”
Standing on the side of a busy Mexican highway, a Southern California immigrant rights activist turned his Facebook Live to beg for help, saying a group of criminals had been chasing him for days.
In the video, Castro said he was at Kilometer 37 of the highway heading toward Puebla after joining a caravan following a group of Central American asylum seekers as they made their way to the US border.
Castro said the group of criminals, which he did not specifically identify, had been following him for days in freight vehicles, passing him and waiting for him up ahead at various points. He then pointed his phone to a gas station coming up on the road, saying a group was waiting for him there.
“I thought I was going to be smarter than them, they're a very powerful group,” Castro said.
Enrique Morones, founder and director of Border Angels, said he took Castro to the border and was in touch with him for a couple of days before he suddenly went radio silent.
“I'm very worried about Hugo,” Morones told BuzzFeed News. “He did communicate with someone on Friday from a cab in Mexico City and that's the last we heard of him.”
On Sunday, his wife Gabriela Cortes wrote on Facebook that they had been able to file a formal complaint with the attorney general's office in Mexico City.
“We're waiting to see if they can view security cameras the city uses,” she wrote.
The attorney general's office could not immediately be reached for comment.
For the first and only time in 2017, a visible supermoon will illuminate the sky starting Sunday night.
The supermoon will seem 7 percent bigger and 16 percent brighter to the naked eye, wrote Gordon Johnston, a program executive with NASA's OSIRIS-REx spacecraft system. The moon will appear the largest overnight after 12:45 a.m. ET, but those who might not be up to view it overnight can also take a look from sunset Sunday until sunrise Monday.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Look up: Supermoon views across the globe 1:29 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
This lunar event looks like it'll take a backseat compared to more hyped-up lunar events that occurred in the last year, like the supermoon in November 2016 and the total solar eclipse in August. Unlike the eclipse, however, this lunar event is safe to view with the naked eye and doesn't require special glasses or eye protection.
Last year's supermoon was the closest the moon has gotten to Earth's orbit since 1948, NASA says, and it won't get that close again until 2034.
A supermoon rises in front of a replica of the Statue of Liberty sitting atop the Liberty Building in downtown Buffalo, New York on Sunday night. Julio Cortez / AP
Noah Petro, deputy scientist for NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter mission, explained why this supermoon is so close to Earth — the moon's orbit isn't a perfect circle.
"There are a lot of tidal, or gravitational, forces that are pulling on the moon," Petro told Space.com, adding that the gravity of the Earth, the sun and the other planets of the solar system all affect the moon's orbit. "You have all of these different gravitational forces pulling and pushing on the moon, which gives us opportunities to have these close passes.
Some people weren't impressed with this phenomenon, like astrophysicist and author Neil deGrasse Tyson, who took to Twitter to explain its ordinariness. "If last month's Full Moon were a 16.0 inch pizza, then this month's 'Super' Moon would be 16.1 inches. I'm just saying," one of his tweets read.
if a 16.1 inch pizza is “super" to you, compared with a 16.0 inch pizza, then we have an issue of vocabulary.. — Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) December 3, 2017
And another?
For the Super Moon to look big in a picture requires a substantial telephoto lens. Try one with just your smart phone and post it. — Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) December 3, 2017
Last one…
The Super Moon will fit easily in the field of view through a simple drinking straw. Try it. — Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) December 3, 2017
Maria Byrd, a tourist visiting Rockefeller Center, also seemed unaffected by the hype.
"I really don't know anything about it, except for I heard that it was yesterday, Byrd told NBC News. "It looks better. I got a glimpse of it on somebody's Facebook picture. It looked big."
She said the supermoon doesn't interest her because "I guess I just don't know enough about it."
On the other hand, Deborah Cyr, 64, thought the supermoon was "stunning." She and a friend visiting New York from New Hampshire saw it on an open-bus tour. "It's one of those phenomenas of nature that you kind of embrace and enjoy and don't know when you'll see again," she said.
Three other supermoons graced the skies in 2017, but this one is the only one discernible with the naked eyes, National Geographic reported. It's part of a succession of three supermoons set to occur into 2018; the others are projected to occur Jan. 2 and Jan. 31, according to NASA.
Ray Lewis, Terrell Owens, Randy Moss, Brian Urlacher, Brian Dawkins, Jerry Kramer, Robert Brazile and Bobby Beathard were elected to the 2018 Pro Football Hall of Fame class on Saturday. Some of them found out in Minnesota when HOF president David Baker knocked on their hotel doors.
Receiving the news that you're entering the Hall of Fame, no matter what sport, is usually an emotional moment, and in the video below you can see how Kramer, Lewis, Moss, Brazile and Urlacher reacted.
There are lots of hugs, cheers from friends and families, and a funny moment toward the end when Baker gets to Urlacher's room and sees a “Do Not Disturb” sign.
.@PFHOFPrez makes the rounds to the doors of the new #PFHOF18 class members. This is how they learned they were officially elected to the Hall. pic.twitter.com/iSJQeHiLWv — Pro Football HOF (@ProFootballHOF) February 4, 2018
Read more about the 2018 Pro Football Hall of Fame class at USA TODAY Sports.
The Twitter account @officialbuffcat told BuzzFeed News that she is just "a girl who likes petting cats" and she saw Buff Cat in her neighborhood in Quebec, Canada.
if you close your eyes right before the buff cat hits, your brain will think that you have died. some people find calmness in this. https://t.co/ZcBK6kGUPo
Dr. Dan Smith, a veterinarian in New York, told BuzzFeed News he's not sure if Buff Cat suffers from a genetic muscle condition, but said, "That boy is an absolute unit."
"There is a genetic mutation that's found mostly in some cow breeds that is called double-muscling (look up some pictures, they look fucking swole!) and I've heard of rare cases of it in some dog breeds like Rottweilers and Greyhounds, but never in a cat. This might be the first," he added.
French President Francois Hollande has arrived in Iraq amid a fierce fight against the Islamic State group.
During his one-day visit which started on Monday, Hollande is scheduled to meet with Iraqi President Fuad Masum and Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in the capital, Baghdad. Later, he'll travel to the country's self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet French troops and local officials.
The visit comes as Iraqi troops, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, are fighting IS in a massive operation to retake the northern city of Mosul.
France is part of the U.S.-led international coalition formed in late 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria and declaring an Islamic “caliphate.” Like some European countries, France has suffered terrorist attacks claimed by IS.
This week on Making Democracy Work host Leslie Carrier speaks with Greene County Clerk Shane Scholler.
Listen as Leslie and Mr. Scholler follow up on the November elections and some of the behind the scenes choices regarding election day, such as armed sheriff's deputies at polling places. They also discuss the issue of voter registration and some of the difficulties of making sure that those that have registered are able to vote. Finally they discuss Amendment 6 and how the state will implement the regulation.
$50m: Amaechi files N500m suit against Fani-Kayode, Fayose's spokesman over ownership allegations
by Dolapo Adelana Minister of Transport Rotimi Amaechi has filed a N500m lawsuit against a former Aviation Minister Chief Femi…
Read » $50m: Amaechi files N500m suit against Fani-Kayode, Fayose's spokesman over ownership allegations on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MIAMI — A Florida nightclub that was shut down after a scantily clad woman rode bareback on a white horse through a crowd will be allowed to reopen.
A Miami Beach code official ruled Monday the city should reinstate the Mokai Lounge's business license after its owners acknowledged five violations and agreed to pay $12,150 in fines. The club also will make a $10,000 donation to Peaceful Ridge Horse Rescue and promises no more animals will be used in the club.
The city suspended the club's license earlier this month, a day after video went viral showing the woman riding the horse inside the club. As the animal moved through the crowded space, it appeared to panic, and the woman fell off. No injuries were reported to humans or the horse.
Video
Plaid Cymru MP Liz Saville Roberts has called for discrimination law to cover the Welsh language as journalist James Delingpole defends columnist Rod Liddle's comments about Wales.
Ms Saville Roberts was leading a Commons debate on the issue on Tuesday to call for action to tackle a "drip feed" of insults against Wales, its people and language.
Writing in the Sunday Times about the renaming of the Second Severn Crossing in honour of the Prince of Wales, Mr Liddle said some Welsh people would prefer to call it "something indecipherable".
He also claimed the bridge linked "their rain-sodden valleys with the First World".
Mr Delingpole claimed Mr Liddle was "gently teasing" the Welsh and advised his critics to "get a life".
Transit bandit agrees to plea deal, will head to psych ward ​Now he's officially off the rails. ​After years of brushing off deals​ offered by prosecutors​, New York​ City​'s infamous ​serial ​transit ​bandit opted Monday to cop a​ plea that will...
Prosecutors willing to offer transit bandit no-jail plea deal Brooklyn prosecutors are making a last ditch effort to keep ​a man who's been commandeering city buses and trains since he was a teenager from heading to trial​ on his...
'Supergirl' star's musician hubby wrote song for son with Asperger's By day, Chyler Leigh plays Alex Danvers on The CW's “Supergirl.” By night, she sings with East of Eli, her husband Nathan West's band that's performing in New York at...
Madonna needs to start acting like a mom Some friendly advice for Madonna: Lose the epic aggression, quit flashing your naughty bits and start behaving like an average soccer mom. I recently described the frequently bod-baring music mogul...
Lawyers say city worker with Asperger's should view mocking as 'petty' and 'trivial' He has Asperger's syndrome and says he was mocked and locked in a basement, and found mutilated stuffed animals at his workspace. But the city says that if he were...
Cruel councilman mocked and tormented Asperger's aide: suit A Brooklyn city councilman and his underlings tormented an aide who suffers from Asperger's syndrome — cruelly comparing him to a tragic, autistic teen and leaving decapitated teddy bears on...
Meet New York's beloved mass transit bandit New York's subway system drives many of us crazy, but for one man, it's a lifelong love affair he's willing to go to prison for — over and over and...
Woman suing cabby who pinned her between cars The woman who was purposely pinned against a parked car by a mentally unstable cabby is suing the driver and his company over the terrifying episode. Upper East Side resident...
Transit thief is deaf from growing up in noisy subway system Transit fanatic Darius McCollum spent so much of his childhood underground, transfixed by the sights and sounds of the subway system, that he now requires hearing aids, his lawyer said...
YOU MAKE RULES, YOU FOOT BILL THE message behind Gov. Paterson's escalating call for serious budget cuts could not be clearer: This time, our fiscal crisis is different. It was the same message Mayor Bloomberg sent...
TIME TO CLEAN UP RECENT headlines have ex posed gaping flaws in the city's budget process: The tradition of letting local elected officials “earmark” modest amounts of funding for neighborhood groups – little leagues,...
FAITH, FUNDS & THE CITY CAN you tell the difference between a youth soccer league organized by a church and a youth soccer league organized by a religious school? Neither can we – but, according...
Google's new Home Max speaker is pretty great. It can become deafeningly loud, and includes Google Assistant. The only downside is the price - $400 is quite a lot for a speaker. It looks like Google is trying to sell more of them, because the company has placed a small ad for the Home Max on Chrome's New Tab Page.
Web browsers usually get plenty of angry users when advertising shows up on the New Tab Page, and both Chrome and Firefox have tried it in the past (in Firefox's defense, Mozilla doesn't make billions of dollars in advertising revenue to support the browser). Before you get the pitchforks out, this is about as unobtrusive as advertising can get. It's just one line of text with a link.
The link takes you straight to the Google Store, where you can buy your very own Home Max. Exciting stuff.
Say this for Mayor de Blasio: He's an equal-opportunity enabler. Fat cats, lobbyists, unions — they all get to wield their influence at City Hall, once they pledge their loyalty (and their wallets) to the mayor.
That de Blasio is a union advocate is no secret. But now PoliticoNY reports that some unions seem to be more equal than others.
Hundreds of pages of newly disclosed e-mails show that 32BJ SEIU, which represents building-service workers, pretty much ran the process of coming up with new laws to “protect” non-unionized fast-food workers.
That included drafting, editing and dictating last-minute changes to a set of bills even before it was introduced in the City Council.
Yes, it's normal for elected officials to routinely solicit input from advocates for and against proposed legislation, and that's what the mayor's minions claim is all that happened here.
But Politico New York says the e-mails (released under the Freedom of Information laws) show that here it was the union, not City Hall, driving the bill-drafting process.
And with good reason: Besides setting scheduling rules for fast-food workers, one bill required employers to deduct fees for a nonprofit if employees request it.
That nonprofit, Fast Food Justice, claims 1,200 members. Critics call it an alternative union not subject to the disclosure rules that govern actual unions.
But (as Politico notes) if Fast Food Justice evolves into a real union, as is its goal, then it will logically become part of 32BJ, the first union to back de Blasio's re-election.
Whether 32BJ or BerlinRosen or Jona Rech­nitz or Harendra Singh, everyone has long known they can gain something from Team de Blasio if the price is right.
A passenger in survived a car crash even though his skull was pierced by the steal headrest, which went through his forehead and out his ear.
Ullas Kumar, 29, from Kannur, southern India, was driving with a friend to the airport to pick up his brother when the car he was traveling in was in a head-on crash with a truck.
His driver, Abdul Wahab, died on impact but Kumar was impaled with the steel fixings of the car's headrest.
The headrest went straight through his face, just above the left eye, and pieced the skull before coming out above his ear.
Kumar underwent surgery to remove the steel rod at Aster MIMS hospital in Kozhikode, India, and recovered completely after five days in the hospital.
Kumar said: “My car met with an accident and collided with a truck. My headrest stick penetrated into my head.”
“I have never expected this kind of recovery from that accident. I feel it like a rebirth.”
Dr. Rahul Menon, CEO of Aster MIMS, added: “Removing the pierced steel rod without affecting the eyesight of the patient was a tremendous job and I would like to congratulate the doctors of the neurosurgery department for this meticulous recovery.”
Dr. Noufal Basheer said: “On the accident spot many stepped back due to fear, but a youngster came up to him and took him to the hospital.”
“Understanding it's a dangerous situation, the guy never tried taking out the iron stick and provided with timely proper care.”
Cam Newton apologized Thursday night in a Twitter video post for sexist comments made to a female reporter.
"After careful thought, I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women," the Carolina Panthers quarterback said at the start of the nearly two-minute video. "To be honest, that was not my intentions. And if you are a person who took offense to what I said, I sincerely apologize to you."
On Wednesday when Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue asked the 2015 NFL MVP about wide receiver Devin Funchess' route running, Newton laughed and said, "It's funny to hear a female talk about routes. It's funny."
In the video, Newton said he's a man who strives to be a positive role model in the community and who tries to use his platform to inspire others. He said he takes ownership to everything that comes with that.
"What I did was extremely unacceptable," Newton said. "I'm a father to two beautiful daughters and I try to instill in them that they can be anything that they want to be. The fact that during this process I have already lost sponsors and countless fans I realize that the joke is really on me. I have really learned a valuable lesson from this."
Newton also sent a message to the "young people" who follow him.
"Don't be like me," Newton said. "Be better than me. To the reporters, to the journalists, to the moms, the super moms, the daughters, the sisters all around the world I sincerely apologize and hope that you can find the kindness in your heart to forgive me. Thank you."
The NFL quickly released a statement Wednesday saying that Newton's response to the question was "just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalists who cover our league."
However, it doesn't appear there will be any punishment handed out to Newton.
"I think there are conversations going on at the club level with the appropriate people, with the Panthers," NFL spokesman Joe Lockhart said in a conference call Thursday. "I don't want to anticipate the league stepping in there."
Newton's remarks have proven costly.
Dannon, the maker of Oikos yogurt, cut ties with spokesman Newton on Thursday. Company spokesman Michael Neuwirth released a statement saying it was "shocked and disheartened" at the former league MVP's behavior and comments.
Panthers coach Ron Rivera addressed the situation briefly during his press conference Thursday, saying, "I think Cam made a mistake. I understand he had a conversation where he pretty much said he shouldn't have said what he said."
Rodrigue issued a statement Wednesday evening saying she and Newton did speak after the news conference, but said the quarterback didn't apologize for his remarks.
Rodrigue was back in the locker room Thursday, flanked by Mike Persinger, the executive sports editor of The Charlotte Observer.
She issued an apology herself Thursday after coming under fire for using a racial slur in tweets she posted about four years ago. The tweets were first reported by BlackSportsOnline.com.
"I apologize for the offensive tweets form my Twitter account from 4/5 years ago," Rodrigue said on her Twitter account. "There is no excuse for these tweets and the sentiment behind them. I am deeply sorry and apologize."
Rodrigue was a college student at Arizona State at the time of the tweets. When asked about the tweets, Persinger said "she has owned them and apologized for them."
Newton's teammate, Thomas Davis, said he doesn't think the issue will affect the team as it prepares for the game against Detroit on Sunday.
"He's going to have to deal with that moving forward," Davis said about Newton. "I feel like it's a situation he's going to handle and he's going to handle it well. But for us as a football team we'll remain focused on Detroit."
Persinger said Wednesday evening that Newton's comments were "unfortunate and out of line."
The Associated Press Sports Editors announced that it "agrees wholeheartedly that Mr. Newton's response was out of line" and "we ask for a formal apology to Jourdan Rodrigue from Mr. Newton and the Carolina Panthers organization."
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Intro
Colombia vs Paraguay
1st Half
If video player not appears in mobile devices. Scroll down to bottom and click "Classic version"
After this week's mass shooting in Las Vegas, both Google and Facebook promoted false news stories about the massacre. Both platforms took down the stories, but not before they were widely shared. Today on Marketplace Tech, we look at how fake news is promoted and why algorithms might not be enough to stop it.
We should expect the angry mobs behind their keyboards and their desks at the state capitol to come out strongly against University of North Dakota president Mark Kennedy any moment now, ripping him to pieces for arrogance, aloofness and elitism.
Any moment now …
Pretty soon …
Stand by …
No? Not today?
OK.
This is surprising. Because when Kennedy decided he was going to hire an event coordinator in the midst of shrinking budgets and cutbacks at UND, it was the perfect storm of a high-falutin' academic (even though Kennedy isn't an academic as much as a former politician) acting all fancy and rich when the rest of the state is in belt-tightening mode.
This usually means pitchforks and torches time in humble North Dakota.
The Grand Forks Herald, to its everlasting credit, reported a story last week that the UND president's office was seeking to replace a retiring event coordinator and assistant to Kennedy's wife. The position would entail “picking up all the necessary supplies for events hosted by UND President Mark Kennedy and first lady Debbie Kennedy, managing invitations and RSVPs and ‘(serving)' as bartender for UND football and hockey suite events,” the Herald wrote.
A personal assistant of sorts, in other words.
To read the rest of this story, click here.
SHARPSVILLE, Pa. (WYTV) – There are a lot of unanswered questions for two Mercer County families after a young mother, 28-year-old Amanda Downs, was found dead in her Sharpsville apartment Saturday.
The family didn't want to go on camera, but a close family friend talked exclusively with 33 WYTV on Sunday (she asked that we not identify her or show her face).
The suspect in the murder investigation is Antonio Velazquez-Rupert — Downs' former boyfriend. Authorities say he also took their eight-month-old baby girl Ariella Downs from the apartment, as they were tracked down Saturday afternoon in Reading City after an Amber Alert.
The family friend says Velazquez-Rupert — who goes by Toni — went to the apartment with Amanda Downs and their baby Ariella on Friday.
A few hours later, a child saw Velazquez-Rupert leave with the baby.
“Toni left and said the victim (Downs) was sleeping — not to bother her,” the family friend said.
Later Friday evening, she says one of Downs' kids went to the bedroom to sleep with her mother.
Saturday morning, she says the three-year-old came out of the bedroom with blood on her hands and face.
“Another child that was here cleaned the little girl up,” the family friend said. “That's when she went upstairs to check on the victim and seen her like that.”
Police were called to the scene just after noon on Saturday and found Downs dead in a bed.
The family friend is still trying to process what happened and says Downs was a kind and caring person.
“She was a good person to the family,” she said. “She loved the kids, you know. His kids, she loved — she treated them like her own.”
The family friend says Velazquez-Rupert had a long history of drug abuse.
She says Downs wanted little to do with him, but because of their child, she wanted to make things work.
“She wasn't with him, but she was trying to co-parent for the baby,” the family friend said.
But she says Velazquez-Rupert had no plans of letting her go.
“He was saying he loves her and he wants to make things right with her,” she said. “But if he couldn't have her, nobody else would.”
As soon as the family realized what happened, they called police.
“The head of this household let them know right away where she thought he was going,” the family friend said. “Which was Reading City. That's where he's from. That's where his family is.”
Velazquez-Rupert is being held in the Burks County Jail. He is expected to be relocated to Mercer County.
Watch 33 WYTV News at 11 to hear from the family friend when Cameron O'Brien met with her exclusively this afternoon.
New Jersey's Department of Environmental Protection says an application for a $1.1 billion pipeline to bring natural gas from northeastern Pennsylvania to the state is missing information and is rejected, for now.
The DEP said Thursday in a letter to PennEast Pipeline Co. LLC the company had not resubmitted documents for a freshwater wetlands permit and the application was denied. In June the DEP told PennEast it was closing the application because of missing information.
The letter says PennEast may reapply. PennEast spokeswoman Pat Kornick says the company plans to but did not say when.
Phil Murphy sets the stage for a fracking ban in the region
Federal regulators recently approved the project over protests from environmental groups, who say it could scar the landscape.
The pipeline is designed to deliver natural gas for nearly 5 million homes in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and New York.
Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
The BIGGEST Northern Invasion EVER!!!! Who are you excited to see!?!?! Tickets on-sale now! #NorthernInvasion http://bit.ly/Invasion2018
Northern Invasion has announced the lineup for 2018! Listen this weekend to win tickets!
Tool and Avenged Sevenfold headline the festival, which takes place May 12 and 13 at the Somerset Amphitheater in Somerset, WI
Also playing Northern Invasion in 2018 will be A Perfect Circle, Alice In Chains, Breaking Benjamin, Stone Temple Pilots, The Used, Black Veil Brides, Asking Alexandria, I Prevail, Parkway Drive, Black Stone Cherry, Red Sun Rising, Andrew W.K., Atreyu, Anti-Flag, 10 Years, We Came As Romans, The Bronx, Dance Gavin Dance, Butcher Babies, Hawthorne Heights, New Years Day, Senses Fail, Stick to Your Guns, Miss May I, Like a Storm, The Fever 333, I See Stars, Wilson, Mutoid Man, Cane Hill, Black Foxxes, Counterfeit, The Blue Stones, Joyous Wolf, Spirit Animal, Stitched Up Heart and Big Story.
Northern Invasion general admission and VIP ticketing are available now. You can also find camping packages, layaway info, hotel packages and more . There will also be specially priced tickets for active military available through GovX while supplies last.
Rain and snow mix it up in Charlotte
While the North Carolina mountains and foothills got measurable snow on Friday Charlotte got a cold rain with an occasional glimpse of snow.
The boyfriend of tragic Zymere Perkins' mom pleaded not guilty Tuesday in the child's broomstick-beating death.
Rysheim Smith, 42, is charged with second-degree murder in the September 2016 death of the 6-year-old.
Over a 15-month period, Smith is accused of repeatedly beating the tot with the broomstick. Smith allegedly beat him with sticks, threw him against a wall, hung him from a clothes hook by his shirt neck and then left him for hours without calling for medical help.
The malnourished child had finger marks on his neck, broken ribs and injuries all over his body from horrific abuse.
Smith is also charged with manslaughter and endangering the welfare of a child. The child's mother, Geraldine Perkins, 26, faces manslaughter charges.
A man who was seen throwing an object which caught fire at a a takeaway restaurant in Fife is being sought by police.
The incident happened between 00:10 and 00:25 on Friday 18 May on Queensferry Road in Rosyth.
The object almost immediately extinguished, and caused only minor damage to the shop front.
The man is in his late teen or early 20s. He was wearing a dark hooded top and riding on a silver or grey bike.
Police Scotland are appealing for witnesses.
Sgt Neil McGurk said: "Thankfully, this object did not result in the building catching fire, or we would have a far more serious incident to investigate.
"We are, however, treating this matter very seriously and would urge anyone who remembers seeing any suspicious activity around the takeway during the early hours of Friday 18th May to contact police immediately.
"In addition, anyone with information that can help us identify the culprit should also get in touch."
Mar-a-Lago, President Trump's private club and winter White House in Palm Beach, Fla., is a casual place. And so, it seems, are any official records of those who visits him there.
There "is no system for keeping track of presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago, as there is at the White House complex," Special Agent Kim Campbell said in a legal filing. She said the Secret Service conducted a lengthy search, only to find "there is no grouping, listing, or set of records that would reflect presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago."
That's hard to believe, said Noah Bookbinder, executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a group suing for the records.
Minus any records of presidential visitors, Bookbinder said, "it suggests Mar-a-Lago members and their guests could have access without any sort of vetting or accountability."
The club doubled its membership initiation fee this year to $200,000.
Campbell said the latest search turned up a "few scattered pieces of Mar-a-Lago presidential visitor information found in paper or electronic documents."
Government lawyers filed her statement Wednesday in response to Freedom of Information lawsuit, filed by CREW, the National Security Archive and the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University.
The lawsuit so far has produced just 22 names — Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's traveling party on his official visit in February.
Then-President Barack Obama began routinely releasing White House visitor logs in 2009, after CREW sued. Obama set exceptions for national security or a "necessarily confidential nature," like meeting with nominees.
Trump stopped the White House disclosures. Administration lawyers argue that records on presidential visitors should be broadly exempt from the Freedom of Information Act.
In the Mar-a-Lago case, Bookbinder said, "It appears they're saying they found stuff but these things are not covered by FOIA."
CREW and the other plaintiffs plan to file their response in a few days.
OAKLAND — When we last saw Athletics designated hitter Khris Davis, he was laboring to first base after straining a hamstring at the tail end of a glorious 10-day eastern road swing.
The's beat Toronto 9-2 and came home with seven wins in 10 games against the New York Yankees, Boston and Blue Jays.
Davis went on the disabled list, and it's an exaggeration — but not by much — to say the lights went out on an offense that hit 19 home runs during the 10-game road trip.
When the A's close out a 10-game homestand Thursday against the Tampa Bay Rays, Davis is expected back in the A's lineup.
“He ran the bases today, he feels good, obviously we'll make a decision a little later, depending on how he feels,” A's manager Bob Melvin said Wednesday night before the A's took on the Rays. “But I am encouraged and I hope he's in the lineup tomorrow.”
Asked what that would mean to the A's lineup, Melvin said, “It means we got our sledgehammer back in the middle of the lineup.”
At the time of his exit, Davis was seventh in the American League in home runs (13) and third in RBI. He has 85 home runs in the 2016-17 seasons.
With Davis out of the lineup, the A's are 3-5 so far on the homestand, which is probably better than they deserve considering they're hitting .167 (44-for-263) with six homers and haven't scored more than four times in a game.
Melvin didn't want to lay all the blame on Davis' hamstring for the A's offensive struggles, but certainly it's been a factor.
“There's probably a combination of things, but he's part of that combination,” Melvin said. “I don't think anybody would say, `Oh, I have to do more now,' but you're talking about a 40-home run guy who's out of the middle of your lineup, and then you go through a period where you struggle, it's noticeable. I don't know if it's just because of him, but I'd have to say partly for sure.”
Among the A's regulars, first baseman Matt Olson has the highest batting average at .250 on the homestand (7-for-28), while Matt Chapman is 3-for-30, Mark Canha 3-for-20, Jed Lowrie 7-for-31 and Stephen Piscotty 4-for-25.
— Shortstop Marcus Semien, hitting .219 on the homestand, is away from the team on paternity leave after the birth Wednesday morning of his son Joshua. Semien, the only A's player to start every game and play every inning, was replaced by Chad Pinder.
Related Articles Why Canseco, McGwire, Montana are (sort of) making comebacks
Letter: A's fireworks are a nightmare scenario for many for this reason
A's offensive struggles continue in loss to Rays
A's shake things up with lineup after recent struggles on offense
A's waste Trevor Cahill's brilliant outing in loss to Rays Pinder has been mostly a utility player for the A's in the outfield, second base and one appearance at third, but was a shortstop early in his minor league career and in college.
“His natural position has been shortstop even though we've used him a little more in the outfield, so he'll get a chance to play there,” Melvin said. “I know he's excited, but it's a little different when we don't have Marcus in there.”
Semien is expected to rejoin the A's in Kansas City Friday night and be available to play Saturday against the Royals.
— Reliever Emilio Pagan hasn't allowed a run in three outings, covering 6 1/3 innings, since being recalled from Triple-A Nashville. He had two scoreless innings with four strikeouts in Tuesday night's loss to the Rays.
“Not only has he been pitching well for us, he's been giving us a couple of innings,” Melvin said. “Looks like h's back to throwing the ball really well again, and that's a good thing. It lengthens our bullpen out.”
— Starting pitcher Andrew Triggs, on the disabled list with right arm nerve irritation, has begun playing catch, Melvin said.
— Reliever Liam Hendricks, out since April 14 with a groin strain, will pitch Thursday and Saturday in Triple-A Nashville and his status will be assessed after that.
Lineups
Rays: SS Daniel Robertson, 1B C.J. Cron, 3B Matt Duffy, DH Wilson Ramos, LF Rob Refsnyder, 2B Christian Arroyo, RF Carlos Gomez, CF Johnny Field, C Jesus Secure, P Nathan Eovaldi
Athletics: LF Matt Joyce, 3B Matt Chapman, 2B Jed Lowrie, 1B Matt Olson, RF Stephen Piscotty, DH Mark Canha, CF Dustin Fowler, C Jonathan Lucroy, SS Chad Pinder, P Sean Manaea
BISMARCK, N.D. — With the pending signature of Gov. Doug Burgum, medical marijuana will become legal in North Dakota. Here's a look at what's next:
When will it be available?
Within a year, according to state health officials who will regulate the system.
The health department expects five of every 1,000 North Dakotas to use medical marijuana, according to Deputy State Health Officer Arvy Smith. That's based on the experience in Delaware, which uses a system similar to what North Dakota plans.
Kenan Bullinger, who directs North Dakota's program, expects use to steadily rise. Again, that's based on Delaware, where registered patient counts have risen from fewer than 50 the first year to more than 1,400 last year.
Neighboring Minnesota had plenty of growing pains with the medical marijuana program it approved in 2014. But Smith said Minnesota's program is much more restrictive and not comparable. She said North Dakota will still look to Minnesota for expertise on processes and other issues.
Who can use it?
People including minors with “debilitating medical conditions” can apply to the Health Department for a registry card that costs $50 per year. A doctor or nurse practitioner must authorize a hopeful patient. Cards can be revoked for misuse, and unsuccessful applicants have to wait a year to reapply.
State law lists 17 qualifying medical conditions, along with terminal illnesses. The Health Department will study adding others, but Fargo medical marijuana advocate Rilie Ray Morgan said he thinks the list is fairly comprehensive. Morgan headed last year's initiative campaign that culminated with voters approving the drug.
What kinds of pot can people use?
Capsules; a topical product for the skin or hair; a tincture solution; and a patch. Smoking it? Only if a doctor or nurse practitioner recommends that method.
Users also must follow various rules, such as not doing so in certain public places and not subjecting children to smoke or vapors.
Employers don't have to allow medical marijuana in the workplace, and care facilities such as nursing homes can reasonably restrict its use.
Where do I get it?
The Health Department plans to register two “compassion centers” to make medical marijuana and eight more centers to dispense it. There are numerous application criteria, including security measures, and big fees — $110,000 for a two-year certificate for manufacturing operations, and $90,000 for dispensaries. They're subject to random inspections by Health Department staff.
Center “agents” — a catch-all term for center officials including owners, employees and investors — must have a drug-free criminal record, pay a $200 fee and undergo a background check.
Patients or their caregivers have to get the drug through a direct transaction, Bullinger said. That means it can be obtained at a dispensary, or a dispensary might set up its own direct delivery program, but it cannot be gotten through the mail or a third-party delivery company such as UPS or FedEx. North Dakotans also must purchase from a North Dakota dispensary — they can't buy it in another state and bring it home.
Can I help someone else get it?
If you're 21, if you have a drug-free criminal record, if you've applied to be a designated caregiver for a registered patient, if you've paid a $50 annual fee and if you've passed a criminal background check — then yes, you can.
How much can I buy?
No more than 2 1/2 ounces of dried leaves or flowers every 30 days, with no more than 3 ounces in possession at any one time. Users can't have medical marijuana products with more than 2,000 milligrams of the intoxicant THC in a 30-day period.
Pediatric medical marijuana is limited to a maximum THC concentration of 6 percent.
Advocates question why lawmakers, not doctors, are regulating amounts.
Beth Collins, a lobbyist for the medical marijuana advocacy group Americans for Safe Access, said some patients will need more amounts of THC than others.
Smith and Bullinger said officials looked at limits in other states and consulted with the state crime lab on acceptable limits.
What will it cost?
Whatever the market says. The state won't regulate pricing.
People can't grow their own, either. That's aimed at preventing medical marijuana from being used illegally, Smith said, but advocates say it bars patients from a potentially cheaper supply of the drug.
“I'm afraid of what medical cannabis is going to cost with the current program,” Morgan said.
In Minnesota, patient count hasn't met projections, leading to losses for the state's two manufacturers and exacerbating high prescription costs.
North Dakota law doesn't require private insurers or government medical assistance programs to pay for medical marijuana.
How do I know it's safe?
It must be tested by the manufacturer or a certified laboratory for contaminants including pesticides and molds and to ensure THC levels are accurately labeled. The medical marijuana centers have to pay the testing costs.
Follow Blake Nicholson on Twitter: @NicholsonBlake
The dollar was flat against the yen and euro on Wednesday, after rising on hopes for higher U.S. interest rates following comments from Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen who signaled an increase could come in March.
The WSJ Dollar Index BUXX, +0.01% , a measure of the U.S. dollar against a basket of major currencies, was up 0.01% at 91.27.
The U.S. dollar USDJPY, +0.07% gained traction to hit ¥114.51, its highest level since Jan. 30, in mid morning trade. But the greenback struggled to go further upside for the rest of the session, changing hands at ¥114.39, compared with ¥114.27 late Tuesday in New York.
In morning trade, Japanese corporate players buying seemed to have kicked in for commercial trade settlement, sending the dollar higher. “It would not be a surprise to see the dollar to jump straight to ¥115,” given Ms. Yellen comments that the Fed may consider raising rates at the upcoming meetings,” said IG Securities market analyst Junichi Ishikawa.
Read: Live blog recap of Yellen's testimony on Capitol Hill
“But the dollar is only ratcheting up,” a sign the market is mindful of potential risks from U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionism and the eurozone political uncertainty partly stemming from a series of elections in core nations this year.
If job gains and rising inflation continue as the Fed expects, an increase in the benchmark federal-funds rate likely would be appropriate “at our upcoming meetings,” Yellen said at the presentation of her semiannual monetary policy report to the Senate Banking Committee.
She cautioned that holding off too long on rate increases “would be unwise,” since it could force the Fed to lift rates more aggressively if inflation shoots higher, which could risk pushing the economy into recession.
SMBC Nikko chief strategist Chotaro Morita said in a morning note that as long as wage gains remain moderate, the yield on the U.S. benchmark 10-year Treasury will likely find resistance around 2.50%, as traders continue to price in only two Fed rate increases this year. Improved data could push that upside ceiling to 2.7%-2.8%. But “it's also difficult to draw a scenario of further gains in interest rates at this stage, given uncertainty over President Trump's policies,” he added.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.15% note settled at 2.470% Tuesday.
The euro EURUSD, +0.0189% weakened to $1.0561 overnight, its lowest level since Jan. 11 following Yellen's testimony. But it most recently changed hands at $1.0579, compared with $1.0578 late Tuesday. The euro EURJPY, +0.11% rose to ¥121.03 from ¥120.85 late Tuesday.
"When I broke up with my ex this summer, it wasn't because I didn't love him, it was because of this," she shared in a lengthy Instagram post featuring photos...
Football on 5: Championship and Goal Rush
Monday 17 April 2017
Watch Online – Football on 5: Championship and Goal Rush
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Pedro breaks Leicester hearts as he scores the winner in extra-time, after Jamie Vardy had equalised late into the 90 minutes.
Our (excellent,hardworking) graphics team explained the image has had the contrast increased & been colour treated, usual treatment for screen graphics as they need more contrast to work through the screens. If you look you can see it's same hat in silhouette
President-elect Donald Trump said Saturday he wanted to press U.S. intelligence agencies to make sure they are correct in asserting that Russia was behind a cyberattack aimed at disrupting the 2016 presidential race.
In a brief exchange with reporters on New Year's Eve at his home in Palm Beach, Fla., Trump said that the intelligence community has been wrong before. He made reference to a government assessment before the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 that the country's former leader, Saddam Hussein, possessed weapons of mass destruction.
“And if you look at the weapons of mass destruction, that was a disaster and they were wrong,” Mr. Trump said, according to the press pool report. “And so I want them to be sure. I think it's unfair if they don't know.”
On Thursday, President Barack Obama announced his long-anticipated response to allegations that Russia hacked into Democratic email accounts in an attempt to scramble the presidential race. Obama expelled dozens of Russian diplomats from the U.S. and imposed other sanctions as punishment for cyberattacks that he said “could only have been directed by the highest levels of the Russian government.”
Read: Two presidential New Year's tweets, two vastly different messages
In his comments Saturday, Trump reiterated his belief that others might be responsible for the cyberattacks.
He said, “I know a lot about hacking. And hacking is a very hard thing to prove. So it could be somebody else. And I also know things that other people don't know, and so they cannot be sure of the situation.”
An expanded version of this story can be found at WSJ.com
Popular on WSJ.com:
Re-Energized Dollar Looms Over the Rest of the World
Republicans Take Control Facing Internal Tensions
The former crew member reported verbal and physical abuse to her manager and was later fired, a lawsuit alleges.
A transgender McDonald's crew member experienced multiple cases of sexual harassment and discrimination on the job, including being barred by managers from using the women's and men's restrooms and relegated to a rear bathroom that was used as a storage closet, according to a civil rights lawsuit filed against the restaurant owner and the parent company. La'Ray Reed worked at a McDonald's in Redford, Michigan, for six months in 2015, during which time coworkers called her a "boy slash girl" and other sexual insults, and one groped her, the lawsuit alleges. She reported the mistreatment to the franchise owner and was later fired, she alleges. Activists with the Fight for $15 worker movement, which has run a multiyear campaign to pressure McDonald's to improve pay and conditions at its restaurants, are supporting Reed's complaint. They say the suit, together with complaints filed by current and former employees around the country in recent months, demonstrate a "widespread pattern of sexual harassment, discrimination and abuse" against gay and transgender employees at the fast-food giant. "The growing number of allegations suggests a failure by McDonald's to enforce the zero-tolerance policy against sexual harassment outlined in its Operations and Training and Policies for Franchisees manuals," Fight for $15 representatives wrote in an email to BuzzFeed News. Reed has participated in marches organized by the labor group, which is backed by the Service Employees International Union and which helped arrange her legal counsel, provided in part by the Detroit-based Sugar Law Center for Economic and Social Justice. McDonald's and the franchise owner did not respond to requests for comment. The fast-food corporation has long argued it is not legally responsible for pay and working conditions at its franchised locations — a claim the Fight for $15 activists have been contesting via multiple legal and regulatory appeals. McDonald's insists it does not control the day-to-day working conditions of the line cooks, cashiers, and drive-through workers who wear its uniform, and that only the franchise operator can be held liable for misconduct. During the Obama presidency, the Department of Labor issued guidance that suggested companies like McDonald's should be considered the joint employers of the workers in their franchised restaurants, in a move that was cheered by labor activists and denounced by industry groups. Last week, the Trump administration formally withdrew that guidance.
In the lawsuit, Reed alleges a coworker groped her genitals at the urging of a store manager who wanted to know whether she had a penis. “You can't feel it from the front. You have to feel it from the back,” the manager allegedly said over the headset system used by all employees.
Another time, a manager allegedly told a crew member to follow Reed into the ladies' room to see if she was standing up or sitting down to use the toilet. “I had never had a problem using the ladies room until this day,” Reed wrote in an email to BuzzFeed News. “When I came out the restroom, the manager told me I could no longer use either of the restrooms in the lobby.” Instead, the manager allegedly had Reed go to the back of the store and clean the out-of-use bathroom, which was being used as a storage closet. That became Reed's bathroom, she says, which she was also made responsible for cleaning.
Beyond the treatment from her supervisor, Reed's coworkers would make remarks about her gender and genitals, she alleges in the suit, asking, “How big is it?” and saying, “I would still have sex with you either way,” while reaching for her body. Reed allegedly reported the behavior to management, who took no action. Over time, she tried dressing more like a man, “thinking that it would make my job more comfortable,” she said. When Reed collected her final paycheck, a store manager allegedly said, “You think I don't know what you are because of how you dress and look?”
In recent months, other McDonald's workers have reported instances of harassment and discrimination on the basis of their sexual orientation in complaints to federal workplace regulators in Kansas City, Miami, and Milwaukee.
After being hurt at work, McDonald's worker Andrew McConnell alleges a manager refused to help him find a first aid kit, while saying, “You are gay and you might have HIV.” Employee Westley Williams, who works at a corporate-owned store, alleges his manager called him “cover girl” and said he “could never have a girlfriend because you like penis.” Worker Jasmine Bell alleged in an EEOC complaint filed last year that managers asked invasive questions about her sexuality after they learned she had a girlfriend, with one saying she “just hadn't had the right dick yet." Activists point to the complaints as evidence that McDonald's attempts to brand itself as an LGBT ally are empty rhetoric. During this past weekend's gay pride celebrations, McDonald's posted signs that read "Lovin' is Lovin'" and served fries in rainbow-colored boxes at stores in Washington, DC. Cathy Martin, vice president of McDonald's for the region, called the themed items “a fun way to show our support of the LGBTQ community.” Detroit-based LGBT rights advocate Heather Aymer said the promotion "smacks of hypocrisy" and that the company is "pretending to support the LGBT community by putting up flags, but not taking action against the unsafe culture it has created in the workplace for LGBT workers."
Filed in Wayne County Circuit Court, Reed's lawsuit jointly names the McDonald's Corporation and the franchise operator of Reed's store as defendants, as part of a legal strategy that aims to hold the parent company responsible for the allegedly hostile workplace at its franchise locations. The Fight for $15 also provided legal support to the other workers who filed complaints. Since 2015, the National Labor Relations Board has been trying a case against McDonald's in this vein that includes allegations it violated federal labor law by retaliating against workers who went on strike in 2012.
While Reed's suit stems in part from labor activism, it overlaps with a world of legal advocacy around transgender rights and could have significant implications for expanding the rights of gender-nonconforming people in the workplace.
According to Reed's counsel, Michigan courts have looked to Title VII, the federal anti-discrimination law, when interpreting Michigan civil rights law. A number of high courts, including the 6th Circuit that covers Michigan, have now interpreted Title VII to protect transgender employees from discrimination based on their gender nonconformity. Reed's counsel points to rulings on sex discrimination that have found that "sex" encompasses "gender," arguing that discrimination on account of Reed's gender identity equals sex discrimination. While this question has not been squarely decided by Michigan courts, according to the Sugar Law Center, it has previously been interpreted in the context of Title VII.
Anthony Paris, one of the attorneys at the Sugar Law Center representing Reed, said that tying the McDonald's corporation to actions taken in its franchised restaurants is crucial to the case, and that Reed isn't interested in settlement money. Instead, she is “wide open to non-monetary changes in policy,” he said. As America becomes a nation of services, with employment increasingly concentrated in fast food, retail, and home-care work, more labor groups have taken aim at the franchised nature of these businesses, which insulates corporate parents from liability for labor conditions on the ground. The workers in these sectors are also disproportionately women and people of color, with jobs unevenly covered by labor law that hasn't caught up to the times.
"If we can't get the policies that are trickling down from corporate to change, all we'll see are tiny battles at the lowest rungs of the economy that won't do anything to put a dent in these practices,” said Paris. "What we see with the franchisees is that if you don't connect it to corporate, you're just cutting one head off the more important beast."
Cora Lewis is a business reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Lewis reports on labor. Contact Cora Lewis at cora.lewis@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
Image copyright Welsh Government
Welsh Conservatives have pledged to give free bus travel to all 16-24 year olds in Wales, and have urged Labour ministers to do the same.
The Green Card - which the Tories said could cost up to £25m a year - would also give a third off rail tickets.
Education spokesman Darren Millar said young people suffered high car insurance and the lowest wages.
The Welsh Government dismissed the plan as "fantasy economics", saying it would consult on a new discount travel pass.
The current MyTravelPass scheme gives 16-18 year olds a third off bus fares.
Mr Millar said the Welsh Conservatives' "exciting offer for young people" would also protect the environment and help save local bus routes from the axe.
His colleague Russell George, the Tories' economy spokesman, added that travel costs could be a "huge barrier" to education, training and job opportunities.
'Fag packet' economics
"We are committed to building a stronger economy and a fairer society, and we believe that young people should benefit from the same travel concessions offered to Wales' over-60s," he said.
The Conservatives said the scheme would be funded by scrapping the education maintenance allowance (EMA), which they have previously proposed.
A Welsh Government spokesman said: "These Tory proposals have been made up on the back of a fag packet.
"To think you can provide 350,000 people with free bus travel and a third off rail fares for £25m is fantasy economics."
The spokesman added that the Welsh Government would be launching a consultation next week on plans to launch a replacement for MyTravelPass in April.
"It will be a discounted travel scheme grounded in reality, that can encourage more young people onto Welsh buses," he said.
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
OAKLAND – Cleveland Cavaliers big man Kevin Love will not participate in NBA Finals Day as he continues to go through the league's mandated concussion protocol, the NBA announced Wednesday.
It remains to be seen how this affects Love's availability to for Game 1 of the NBA Finals Thursday afternoon.
Love, who's averaging 13.9 points and 10 rebounds in 17 playoff games, injured his head after colliding with Boston Celtics rookie Jayson Tatum in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference Finals.
ATLANTA, Ga – The gunman who opened fire at a Republican Congressional baseball practice posted rants on social media about Georgia 6th Congressional District Republican candidate Karen Handel.
On Facebook, gunman James Hodgkinson shared a Yahoo news article about comments Handel made during a debate on WSB-TV with Democratic opponent Jon Ossoff adding “Republican B***** Wants People to Work for Slave Wages, when a Livable Wage is the Only Way to Go! Vote Blue, It's Right for You!”
Handel tweeted Wednesday that she and her husband were sending “our thoughts & prayers to Rep. Scalise, Capitol Police, staff, & everyone affected by this horrific attack this morning in VA.” She later released the following statement on her Facebook page:
“My thoughts are with the victims of this morning's despicable, unprovoked attack on the Republican congressional softball team. Representative Scalise is a friend, and my heart goes out to him and his family. Steve and I wish him and the others wounded a speedy recovery. They remain in our thoughts and prayers. I also want to commend the heroic actions of the Capitol Police officers who clearly prevented today's attack from being a much bigger tragedy. I am aware that the suspect recently made vile comments about me on social media. It also appears that the suspect targeted members of congress specifically because he disagreed with their views. We should not allow our political differences to escalate to violent attacks. We must all refuse to allow the politics of our country to be defined in this way. Now more than ever, we must unite as a one nation under God. It is incumbent upon all of us to work together in a civil and productive way, even when we disagree.”
Handel canceled her public events for Wednesday night.
Ossoff also responded to Wednesday morning's shooting calling it “shocking.” Ossoff's initial comments were made to CBS Radio Atlanta's Maria Boynton immediately after news broke of the shooting with him stating, “we're praying for everyone hoping everyone pulls through.”
Ossoff later released the following statement:
“I condemn this appalling act of violence committed by a disturbed individual. The whole country is shaken as well as united in prayer for those fighting for their lives and in appreciation for the first responders and police for saving lives today. Despite our differences of opinion, Americans must redouble our commitments to national unity, civility, and the rule of law.”
Hodgkinson shot and wounded House Majority Whip Steve Scalise along with two officers and an aide during the Republican practice Wednesday. The 66-year-old shooter was shot by police and later died in a hospital.
House lawmakers plan to go ahead with the annual charity baseball game scheduled for Thursday June 15th at at Nationals Park in Washington, DC.
Handel and Ossof meet in the 6th congressional district runoff June 20th.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Crabwood Creek hire car driver released on $1M bail
The 26-year-old hire car driver who slammed into a parked lorry along the Number 58 Public Road resulting in the death of a mother and her daughter, was yesterday granted $1M bail by Magistrate Charlyn Artiga at the Whim Magistrate's Court.
Nilindra Premnauth, also known as `Avinash', of Lot 35 Grant 1802 Crabwood Creek, Upper Corentyne was charged last Wednesday at the Number 51 Magistrates Court for causing the death of Soorojnie Suraj by dangerous driving on Monday 16th April, 2018.
Premnauth was again brought before the court to be slapped with a second charge after Suraj's mother who was hospitalised at the Georgetown Public Hospital succumbed to her injuries.
The charge read that on Monday, April 16 on the Number 58 Public Road, Corentyne, Premnauth drove motor vehicle HC 2217 in a manner dangerous to the public causing the death of Khemnie Chanchal. He was represented by Attorney-at-law Mursaline Bhaccus, who requested to renew his application for bail.
The prosecution led by Inspector Sherrif had no objection to bail but asked that it be a substantial amount.
Premnauth was placed on self bail for the first charge by Magistrate Artiga. On the second charge, bail was initially set at $2M in surety, in like sum. Attorney Bacchus subsequently requested that it be reduced to $1M cash.
Premnauth was also ordered by Magistrate Artiga to report every fortnight at the Springlands Police Station until the next court date that was set for the 23rd May at the Number 51 Magistrates Court. His passport was also lodged.
1 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Halifax head coach Richard Marshall believes his side will benefit greatly from their defeat to Widnes Vikings.
Fax went down 36-12 to the Vikings, suffering a second straight defeat in the Qualifiers following their narrow defeat to Hull Kingston Rovers.
Although disappointed that his side failed to push the Vikings closer, Marshall was positive about the benefits his side can take out of the match moving forward.
“It will do us a world of good,” he said.
“We learned a lesson today about speed and intensity from a Super League team.
“We're a quick learning group. Sometimes you learn your best lessons after defeat. We learned a lesson after half-time because we offered a response.
“I think field position is a big difference. I think we can score against these teams and I think we can defend periods against them, but not for a full half. We couldn't do it last week and it was a similar situation today.”
Read the full report in league Express.
Artist group BravinLee created the rat image installation after a successful Kickstarter campaign. "The intent was to fabricate an inflatable Trump Rat and get it out into the world, keep it circulating, and loan it out to protests, the group states on its website.
Artist group BravinLee created the rat image installation after a successful Kickstarter campaign. "The intent was to fabricate an inflatable Trump Rat and get it out into the world, keep it circulating, and loan it out to protests, the group states on its website.
Protestors gather at 59th Street and 5th Ave. in New York near a caricature of President Donald Trump Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, as they protest not far from Trump Tower. (AP Photo/Craig Ruttle)
Protestors gather at 59th Street and 5th Ave. in New York near a caricature of President Donald Trump Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, as they protest not far from Trump Tower. (AP Photo/Craig Ruttle)
(AP Photo/Craig Ruttle). An inflatable caricature of President Donald Trump rises above pedestrians at W. 59th Street and 5th Ave., in New York Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, just three blocks north of Trump Tower.
(AP Photo/Craig Ruttle). Police officers stand just outside the lobby of Trump Tower was people enter the building Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. The arrival of President Donald Trump is expected sometime later in the evening.
(AP Photo/Andres Kudacki). Police block the crosswalk and trucks are parked in front of Trump Tower as a security measure against protestors ahead President Donald Trump's first visit to the building since taking office, New York, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017.
(AP Photo/Andres Kudacki). Protestors shout slogans in front of Trump Tower ahead President Donald Trump's visit to the building New York, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017.
(AP Photo/Craig Ruttle). An inflatable caricature of President Donald Trump rises above pedestrians at W. 59th Street and 5th Ave. in New York Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, just three blocks north of Trump Tower.
By REBECCA GIBIAN and VERENA DOBNIKAssociated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - President Donald Trump went home to Trump Tower on Monday for the first time since his inauguration, with a throng of chanting protesters awaiting - but never seeing - him.
Thousands of demonstrators roared "shame, shame, shame" and "not my president!" while watching for Trump's motorcade along Manhattan's Fifth Avenue, but it ultimately approached from another direction. A far smaller crowd of Trump supporters also awaited him.
Onlookers who did see the motorcade greeted it with cellphone cameras and a few obscene gestures.
By the tower, some protesters carried signs with such messages as "impeach" and "the White House is no place for white supremacy." Chants including "love, not hate - that's what makes America great" and "New York hates you!" echoed off the surrounding buildings. Nearby, an inflatable, rat-like caricature of Trump stood by The Plaza hotel.
Adam Vazquez had protested at Trump Tower on Election Night and said he returned because he felt the country had hit "a pivotal point," particularly after the white supremacist rally that descended into violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia. The Republican president's initial condemnation of bigotry and violence "on many sides, on many sides" spurred two days of pressure to specifically denounce white supremacist groups, which he did Monday.
"It shows you that the president, in a time of crisis, could not step up," said Vazquez, a 26-year-old video and content producer. "That is something we have to take note of, coming out tonight and showing that this is not OK."
Meanwhile, about two dozen Trump fans near The Plaza chanted "God bless President Trump" and carried American flags and signs with such sentiments as "now is not the time for divisiveness."
"We are here to show President Trump ... that he has a lot of fans here, even in liberal New York City, even in Manhattan," said Ariel Kohane, a 46-year-old member of a group called Jews for Trump.
He said he supported the president because of his views on national security, immigration and fighting radical Islamists and crime, among other issues. The anti-Trump protesters, to him, are "left-wing, liberal Communist snowflakes."
With supporters and anti-Trump demonstrators penned behind police barricades across the sidewalk, both sides yelled at each other, "Go home!"
A block south of Trump Tower, police officers with bullhorns confronted protesters pressing against and straining the barricades, telling the demonstrators to step back. Police said two people were arrested for disorderly conduct amid the protests but didn't say where or when.
Police stationed sand-filled sanitation trucks as barriers around Trump's signature skyscraper and layers of metal police barricades around the main entrance.
After Trump was elected, security around the tower ramped up dramatically, with barricades and checkpoints manned by scores of uniformed police officers. The security precautions have been lessened somewhat in Trump's absence but still have inconvenienced residents and business owners in the busy area, home to stores such as Tiffany and Louis Vuitton.
Trump, a native New Yorker, said Friday that he had stayed away since January because he realized the impact of the street closings and other aspects of a presidential visit.
"I would love to go to my home in Trump Tower, but it's very, very disruptive to do," he said.
And protesters, including City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito, were not welcoming him.
Gabby Parra, a 17-year-old high school senior from Teaneck, New Jersey, said she did not have "the proper words to describe" her dislike for Trump. She said she feels the president dehumanizes minorities, noting that he launched his campaign by portraying Mexico as a source of rapists and murderers coming into the U.S.
The Rev. Jan Powell, a retired minister of the United Church of Christ, is troubled by Trump, too, and particularly resented his response to the violence in Virginia.
Still, she said, "I pray for him every day. We are both human beings."
___
Associated Press writers Jennifer Peltz and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose, has approved an increase in the maternity leave period for women in its public service from 12 to 16 weeks. Permanent Secretary in the State Ministry of Information, Youth and Sports Development, Mr. Kola Ajumobi, said this on Monday at a public enlightenment forum in Ado Ekiti, the state capital. […]
Share
While it's true that macOS has offered picture-in-picture for YouTube via the Safari browser since 2016, the video-streaming service is now believed to be testing the feature across all desktop platforms and browsers.
Spotted by 9to5Google, the trial is currently taking place for a small number of select users. The feature places a smaller video player in the bottom right corner of the display as you scroll down the page. If you use YouTube on your smartphone, you'll know that a similar feature for mobile already exists.
According to those who've had a chance to try the desktop feature, the separate window lets you pause and play the current video or skip to the next one, which shows up when you hit pause.
It seems there's no way to disable the feature, which we presume means it automatically detaches from the main player when you scroll down. This is different to YouTube on a smartphone where you swipe the video down to detach it. You can do the same on an iPad, but a clip also plays in a separate window if you click away from the video's main page to something like a channel page. But unlike picture-in-picture for Safari (see below), it seems you can't move the video around the display, or have it appear on other software and windows that you have open, though such a feature could conceivably be added.
There's no official word from YouTube about its picture-in-picture testing, so we'll just have to wait and see whether it's rolled out more widely. Considering it's already available for mobile, and how it improves the user experience (and increases engagement) by letting you enjoy more of a video while you search out others, it's likely we'll see it land on desktop for all users before too long.
Picture-in-picture for Safari
For those with Apple desktops running Sierra or later, you can enable picture-in-picture via the Safari browser in just a couple of steps. First, right-click on the YouTube video that you want to attach you'll see a menu appear. Ignore this and right-click again. A second menu will offer several options, one of which is to “enter picture in picture.” Click on it and the video pops out of the main window and can be moved to any corner of the display. It'll also continue to show if you move to another browser or different software.
Clicking on the cross in the top left of the video stops it playing, while clicking on the box with an arrow locks it back into the original video player.
Uber's chief business officer, Emil Michael, is leaving the company one day before the results of an investigation into the company's workplace culture are set to be made public.
Michael's departure was confirmed to NBC News by Uber spokesman Matt Kallman. It comes one day after Uber's board met for six hours in Los Angeles, where they unanimously voted to accept the recommendations resulting from former attorney general Eric Holder's harassment investigation.
Those recommendations won't be made public Tuesday at 10 am PT during an all-hands meeting with employees at Uber's San Francisco headquarters.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Uber CEO Travis Kalanick may take a leave of absence from the company 0:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Michael is the most high-profile executive to leave Uber as the company grapples with the findings of two reports into its workplace culture, including allegations of bullying and sexual harassment.
It was unclear if Michael was fired or chose to resign. As a senior vice president at Uber, he has been no stranger to controversy.
In 2014, he suggested building a team to dig up dirt on critical journalists - a remark for which he later apologized. Michael was also reportedly part of a group that went to an escort bar during a business trip in South Korea. The visit prompted an HR complaint, according to The Information.
Citing unnamed sources, Reuters and The New York Times separately reported that Uber CEO Travis Kalanick may take a leave of absence as a result of the meeting on Sunday and Holder's report.
Uber also announced a new member of its board of directors on Monday, bringing on Wan Lin Martello. The Nestle executive is the second female board member, after Arianna Huffington.
The dual investigations were commissioned in February after Susan Fowler, a former Uber engineer, published a blog post titled, "Reflecting On One Very, Very Strange Year At Uber."
Law firm Perkins Coie got to work shortly after the blog post, focusing on individual workplace claims.
Holder's report is said to focus on the company's culture and structure, making recommendations at a macro level.
Related: Uber's Board Accepts Holder Recommendations, Discusses CEO's Future
The Perkins Coie report resulted in 20 people being fired as of June 6th. Two employees were to be given additional training, and five more were issued final warnings.
Uber executive Eric Alexander was fired last week after reporters pressed the company about reports he had carried around confidential records of a woman who was raped during an Uber ride in India. His case was said to have been one of the 215 claims investigated by Perkins Coie but did not yield action until several outlets raised the issue.
One of the biggest problems with all this technology is that the emphasis is on ease of use over security, said Rebecca Herold, CEO of the the consulting firm Privacy Professor.
"In this case, relaying only the word 'Alexa' can get the digital assistant to start communicating and acting," Herold said. "It's the security equivalent of using a computer password that's 1-2-3."
Considering these devices listen on a continuous loop, "I would have grave concerns about using one in my own home as a privacy researcher," King added.
Amazon introduced its Echo product in November 2014, an oddity at the time that also featured the company's Alexa virtual assistant. Since then, connected speakers have become one of the fastest-growing technical innovations in the tech industry. Despite questions about digital privacy issues that come with putting internet-connected microphones around their homes, 44 percent of adults in the U.S. said they planned to purchase a smart speaker, according to the Consumer Technology Association.
In the growing battle for that consumer base, Google and Apple have released their own counterparts, and Facebook reportedly is developing its own version.
Isabelle Olsson, Google's Head of Industrial Design for Home, speaks about the Google Home Mini during a launch event in San Francisco on Oct. 4, 2017. Stephen Lam / Reuters file
All of these companies started out on the Internet, which has traditionally had a culture of launching products before they're entirely ready and debugging in real time, King said.
The upside of these devices is that they offer a simple user interface and unique capabilities, such as regulating temperatures in different rooms, turning on lights, sending emails, ordering pizzas and much more.
Those features, however, can overshadow the security issues inherent in providing access to a home network.
Herold points to the backlash in 2015 when parents discovered that Hello Barbie, an interactive toy that recorded children and sent the data over the internet, was vulnerable to hackers who could access that information.
More Americans are becoming wary of technology and concerned about cybersecurity — especially in the wake of the Portland incident and other high-profile data security issues such as Facebook's Cambridge Analytica scandal.
Amazon didn't provide the most reassuring explanation either.
"Echo woke up due to a word in background conversation sounding like 'Alexa.' Then, the subsequent conversation was heard as a 'send message' request. At which point, Alexa said out loud, 'To whom?' " a rep for the online giant said in a statement to the tech site Ars Technica.
"The background conversation was interpreted as a name in the customer's contact list. Alexa then asked out loud, '[contact name], right?' Alexa then interpreted background conversation as 'right.' As unlikely as this string of events is, we are evaluating options to make this case even less likely."
Experts say that these virtual assistants must do a better job at partitioning different types of information with different layers of security to prevent private information from being so easily shared. Not that the concerns are slowing down the rapid growth of the technology: One homebuilder is working on integrating Amazon's Alexa through entire houses; Toyota is adding Alexa to its cars; and Amazon announced that there will be Alexa for workplaces.
"I advise my friends that have them, if you don't think you are going to need it at the moment, unplug the devices," Herold said. "That might defeat some of the ease of use, but, seriously, what takes longer: 20 seconds to plug your device back in or weeks of trying to undo a mistake that occurred by something that was misinterpreted by a smart device that didn't turn out to be so smart?"
David Cross says he stands behind co-star Jeffrey Tambor Tambor was recently let go from the Amazon series "Transparent" after two transgender actresses came forward with harassment claims.
Tony Hale thinks this episode will win him a third Emmy for 'Veep' Winning an Emmy award never gets old — nor does hearing that you've been nominated. And it's still “all shocking” says “Veep” co-star Tony Hale, who's already won two statuettes...
'Arrested' alum Alia Shawkat unravels a mystery on ‘Search Party' As the teenage Maeby Fünke on “Arrested Development,” Alia Shawkat's character was mostly isolated from the narcissism that plagued her dysfunctional relatives. Now 27, the actress is starring in her...
ABC bringing back oddball game show 'The Gong Show' Jumping on the retro-game show bandwagon, “Arrested Development” star Will Arnett is bringing back the late-'70s oddball TV hit “The Gong Show” for a 10-episode run on ABC. The 1976-78...
Rebooting ‘Wet Hot American Summer' is a terrible idea Another day, another reboot. What used to be one-off specials termed “reunions,” sending all those who dared watch them into a spiral of despair, are now de rigeur, must-watch events....
New 'Veep' co-star Sam Richardson is the chief of laughs In the Season Three finale of HBO's “Veep,” newly-ascended President Selina Meyer (Julia Louis-Dreyfus) warns her blundering staff that their screw-ups are no longer just screw-ups — they are now...
14 TV shows that came back from the dead Comebacks have never come quite as meta as “The Comeback.” The one-and-done season of the 2005 comedy series starred Lisa Kudrow as Valerie Cherish, a former sitcom star attempting a...
'Daily Show' adds two comedians to lineup “The Daily Show with Jon Stewart” is adding to its ranks — hiring comedians Hasan Minhaj and Trevor Noah to start on the Comedy Central series later this year. Minhaj...
President Trump, along with the Easter bunny, hosted his first...
People attend the annual Easter Parade and Easter Bonnet Festival on the Fifth Avenue. The pageant is an annual tradition that stretches back to the 1870s.
With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *}
Sign Up / Sign In // Sign Up
Sign Up / Sign In // Sign Up
Sign Up / Sign In // Sign Up
{* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy . {* /registrationForm *}
Create a new password Sent!
We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed.
We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password.
Image copyright Science Photo Library Image caption There is a Scotland-wide effort to recruit radiologists
NHS Highland has sought to assure patients on the availability of its radiologists.
Highlands and Islands Conservative MSP Edward Mountain voiced concern in Holyrood of a shortage of the specialists at Raigmore in Inverness.
He said an interventional radiologist was due to leave the hospital and the health board was still trying to recruit their replacement.
NHS Highland said it was still recruiting and had cover in place.
Mr Mountain raised his concern about the situation at Raigmore in a question to Health Secretary Shona Robison about radiology vacancies Scotland-wide.
He said: "From August we are going to have the situation where we will have no interventional radiologist in the Highlands.
"This effectively means that elective and general surgery and emergency surgery will be severely affected."
Ms Robison said patients in the north of Scotland would receive the services that they would normally expect.
She said rather than criticise work to recruit radiologists, Mr Mountain should get behind the effort.
'Regularly outsource'
NHS Highland has 16 radiologist posts, two of which are based in Oban and the remainder in Inverness.
The health board said 12 of the posts were "filled substantively".
The four vacancies are in Inverness one of which is for the interventional radiologist, and another is for a breast radiologist.
NHS locums are currently filling the two other vacancies, one general and one breast.
A spokeswoman said: "A specialty doctor was appointed to the department in January who is continuing to train with the aim of achieving consultant status in due course.
"There are also two rotational registrars in training.
"In addition we are using sessional interventional radiologists through waiting list initiatives and regularly outsource a proportion of the routine radiology reporting work to commercial providers."
Notwithstanding the exuberance of Israelis at the jubilant 70th Independence Day celebrations, justified in light of Israel's extraordinary achievements and progress on both the diplomatic and defense fronts, the Jewish state will be facing major challenges over the next few months.
Until recently, largely due to the effective diplomacy of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel was in an ideal situation, receiving the support of the Trump administration as well as enjoying a unique relationship with Russia's President Vladimir Putin. This despite Putin's determination to retain influence in Syria and his wish not to breach his cordial relations with the Iranians who, for their own reasons, have played a key role in assisting him to save Syrian President Bashar Assad from oblivion. However, this has encouraged the Iranians to create military bases in Syria while shamelessly and repeatedly proclaiming their determination to wipe Israel off the map, which Israel regards as serious, potentially existential threats.
In the final two years of his presidency, Barack Obama declared October National Youth Justice Awareness Month—and with good reason. The United States has the highest rate of youth confinement of any developed country, with more than 173 of every 100,000 minors in confinement. On average, about 2,900 cases per day pass through American juvenile courts. Given the number of vulnerable young people, the National Institute for Juvenile Justice Ministries is currently working on an initiative to ensure that every juvenile facility has a church or ministry connected with it. (Read more about it.)
“While young people are on the inside, we want them to be able to build these relationships so that when they get out they have places to go,” said Amy Williams, a juvenile justice advocate based in Chicago. “We also want to be the one-stop shop for anybody that does this kind of work.”
Williams never set out to do youth ministry. “I've just always had a heart for kids that society thinks have no value,” she said.
More than a decade ago, Williams intentionally moved into Chicago's West Side to mentor and support young people who were caught in gangs, incarcerated, or otherwise connected to the criminal justice system through supervision, probation parole, lockup, or post-lockup transition. “I intentionally moved into a gang neighborhood and hit the streets building relationships with young people,” she said. “The work can range from community service to having guys move in with me once they return from lockup.”
Williams recently spoke with CT about how family tragedy led her to this ministry, why she connects so well with the young men she mentors, and how Christian youth workers can affect change in marginalized communities.
You primarily mentor young men. How did that start?
I grew up around boys. It's what I know. I was bullied a lot by girls growing up, and my brother and his friends embraced me and brought me into their circles. So a lot of it is rooted in my close relationship with my brother.
During my high school and college years, he began getting in trouble. He later joined the Crips in Los Angeles and did time in the criminal justice system. I felt like I did everything I could to save him, and I couldn't. As a result, I've tried to make it my life's work to help every kid that I possibly can.
Female mentors are often lacking in many gang intervention and juvenile justice circles. When I'm doing outreach ministry, there are streets in gang neighborhoods where I can walk on as a woman, because I'm not a threat. If a man's walking, they might be like, “What do you want? What's up with you? What are you doing here?” But I feel like these guys see women as offering compassion and a safe place where they can explore their emotions and feelings
What's your philosophy of ministry?
My ministry is a beautiful thing in that it's not really formal. It's my lifestyle. It's my life choice. It's just who I am. I moved into a gang neighborhood in Humboldt Park, Chicago, not as a part of a church ministry but in response to God saying, “This is what I need you to do.” When I wake up in the morning I say, “Well, Holy Spirit, what do we do today? Where do we go? Whatever it is that you want me to do, you will have to provide every single resource to get it done.”
If you think about how we feel overwhelmed by the violence, imagine how these families feel; they have no resources, no connections, and no God in their lives. It's a lethal absence of hope, as Father Greg Boyle puts it. And violence is just a symptom. Our communities often think that more policing and incarcerating is going to fix the problem. But if the root issues aren't addressed, the violence will persist.
What advice do you give to Christian youth workers?
I tell youth workers that one of the best things you can do is to be what I call a “resource advocate.” That means knowing what is available in the community and then connecting young people and their families with these resources. We often think that we have to be the end-all, be-all, but the truth is, there are already so many people out there doing the work.
Even if there aren't a ton of resources in the community—which it is the case here in Chicago—there's always a way for a child of God to find that resource. He hasn't forsaken these young people. The community may have, but God never will. These are his babies, too. So we're not called to go in and save these kids; we're just called to walk this journey with them.
Of the young people you work with, what's the average age of exposure to gangs?
A lot of my young people aren't first-generation gang members. Their grandfather was a gang member who then raised their dad to be a gang member, who then raised them to be a gang member. This is what they've seen. This is what they've known. This is what's been in their families. I worked with a young lady whose father more or less ran the Latin Kings for years. She didn't want to be a part of it, but her mom, her dad, and all of her brothers were involved in that life.
I've seen a one-year-old throwing up gang signs and wearing the Latin King colors. Everybody thinks it's cute and laughs at him, so he's going to keep doing it. And if that's all that he's being raised around, what is his path, unless there's some kind of intervention?
Tell us about a specific relationship that you've had with one of your mentees.
His name is Jonathan Sanchez. I've never heard of anyone with such a horrific childhood. His growing up years included everything from foster care to child abuse to sexual molestation. His father was a gang leader and his mom was an addict. At the age of 10, he became affiliated with a gang and at the age of 11, he caught his first case—a gun case. He spent more than half of his life in prison. When he was imprisoned, nobody came to visit. He and I got connected after Jonathan's sister-in-law reached out to me through my website. She said, “He's getting out of a lockup. We're trying to get him to a halfway house. Can you please help?”
The first time I met him, I was taking him to get his tattoos removed. He was like, “I do not have the right to die anymore. What can I do to change my life?” And so our mentoring relationship began and we became family. Jonathan wanted his story to be heard, and he wanted to help young people. He had been a top leader in his gang and just decided he couldn't do it anymore and needed to do what was best for his son.
So we began that journey, and it was beautiful until October 23 of last year, when he was killed. He was helping a friend when a drive-by rival gang came through. The bullet wasn't meant for him, but he took the bullet and didn't survive. I talked to him an hour before he was killed, and the last thing we said to each other was, “I love you.” He was supposed to be speaking with me at an event that weekend.
How has his death affected you this past year?
I have made it my mission to tell Jonathan's story. Once he completed parole, I was going to take him to the Urban Youth Workers Conference (UYWC) in Los Angeles as a reward. After his death, UYWC created a scholarship in his name to bring a youth and a youth worker who also wanted to change lives and have an impact.
As sad as it is, it's still one of the most beautiful stories.
Given that you often encounter these kinds of sad and tragic events in your line of work, what do you do to take care of yourself?
I have buried nine guys in the last three and a half years. After I buried two guys within 30 days and three guys last year, I honestly was at a place where I was like, What's the point?
I have to be very, very intentional about having the courage to step back in the midst of ministry. It can be very hard to say, “I need time.” The world goes on and if I take a break, my kids are still going to be incarcerated. They're still going to do whatever. But I can be of no good to them if I'm in a place of burnout.
And so I have a small group of people that I've given permission to tell me when I'm doing too much, to pull me aside, ask me the hard questions, love on me, validate me, encourage me … all of those things. And other than God, they are my foundation. They are God on earth, and he uses them to keep me in balance.
Grief is … man. I always say “grief is a bitch.” That's the only word I can think of. It's really hard.
What's your family background?
I was born and raised in Maine to biracial parents during a time when that just wasn't what you did. My mom's mom pretty much disowned her for marrying a black man. Meanwhile, my paternal grandma took her into her home on the South Side of Chicago and showed her what it means to raise kids of color.
When I was older, my mom remarried and we moved to North Carolina. We moved to a predominantly black environment where people weren't used to someone who was light-skinned, with green eyes and long hair. It was hard dealing with people who made assumptions based on my appearance without necessarily knowing my story.
These common misconceptions ultimately fueled your work.
For me, I'm able to look past everything that these kids put out there and see their story. I've been so drawn to that all my life. It's important that people build relationships with young people so that they can begin to understand their backgrounds, their family stories, and why they've made the choices they've made. This allows the church to minister from a place of relationship, rather than from a savior mentality or a place of pity or judgment.
How did you find Jesus?
I didn't grow up in the church. I didn't grow up as a Christian. I never had anybody minister or witness to me. I met a lady in college who invited me to visit her church a couple of times. I finally went, and I literally just thought I would go on Sundays, hear the Word, and then go home. I didn't realize it was a lifestyle thing—that it would be something bigger than two hours on a Sunday. But man, God set me up and he got me.
God's funny like that, isn't he?
He is so. He's hilarious. He got jokes. Here I am still.
Finland's Supercell, the maker of hit mobile game Clash of Clans, has said its core profit rose 8% last year, helped by the launch of a new game and despite the challenge from Nintendo's smash hit Pokémon GO.
Supercell, majority owned by China's Tencent Holdings, said earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortisation rose to €917m last year from €848m in 2015.
With largely flat revenue of €2.1 billion, the profit improvement was partly due to lower spending on advertising and the successful launch of its latest game, Clash Royale, it said.
"Despite tighter competition, this was the best year so far in financial terms. Clash Royale was a huge hit," chief executive Ilkka Paananen said.
Clash of Clans, a war strategy game in which players build fortresses, form clans with other players and battle it out in a Medieval-style fantasy world, has remained on the list of top-earning applications since its launch in 2012.
In 2016 it was ranked second after Mixi's Monster Strike, according to research company App Annie. Clash Royale was number five.
Augmented-reality Pokémon GO, which has players walking around real life areas to catch and train Pokémon, has the biggest number of active users, but in revenue terms it fell behind Clash of Clans.
Supercell, also creator of Boom Beach and Hay Day, banks on a handful of games.
This strategy has helped it avoid the problems faced by the likes of rival Rovio Entertainment, which has failed to create a new hit game since its 2009 launch of Angry Birds.
"At the moment, we are not taking new games into beta tests, perhaps later in the year," Paananen said.
FRANKFORT, Ky. — Kentucky State Parks are offering a chance to view eagles in western Kentucky.
The eagle watching weekends will be offered in January and February at Lake Barkley and Kenlake State Resort parks and Kentucky Dam Village.
The tours take place on an excursion yacht and by van. They are led by state park naturalists and staff from the Department of Fish and Wildlife Resources. Ticket prices for the three-hour weekend tours range from $25 to $70 a person.
Lake Barkley will have tours from Jan. 19-21. The tours at Kentucky Dam Village will be from Jan. 26-28 and Kenlake will host tours on several dates in February.
Kentucky State parks have hosted the tours for four decades.
On Microsoft's online store, you're now expected to pay at least £150 more for a Surface Book, though the price of the top, Core i7 configuration has risen by £400 -- over 15 percent -- from £2,649 to £3,049. That's quite the jump for an already expensive product. While not as significant, Surface Pro 4 prices have also increased by up to £150 depending on configuration.
For whatever reason, Microsoft isn't sharing a complete list of affected products, but the official line is: "In response to a recent review we are adjusting the British pound prices of some of our hardware and consumer software in order to align to market dynamics. These changes only affect products and services purchased by individuals, or organisations without volume licensing contracts and will be effective from February 15, 2017. For indirect sales where our products and services are sold through partners, final prices will continue to be determined by them."
If you were considering a Surface purchase, then, you might want to shop around now before third-party retailers have a chance to react to Microsoft's adjustments.
Just a few days ago, Sonos confirmed it would be hiking the prices of its products by up to 25 percent next Thursday. Sonos and Microsoft are reacting fairly late to the post-vote currency fluctuations, though. OnePlus kicked things off last July, followed by HTC in August and Apple in September. Apple has actually reacted twice, first by increasing hardware prices and last month, putting app costs up by 25 percent. Already this year, Tesla's EVs have become that bit more expensive, and we'd put money on more companies following suit in the near future. Not that we have any left.
Monaco boss Leonardo Jardim says leaving Kylian Mbappe on the bench for the victory over Dijon was "a club decision".
The 18-year-old was an unused substitute for the champions' 4-1 victory on Sunday that saw them keep up their winning start to the Ligue 1 season.
Mbappe picked up an injury in last week's 3-2 win over Toulouse and was not risked during the routine triumph at Stade Gaston Gerard, in which Radamel Falcao scored a hat-trick and Jemerson was also on target.
However, his exclusion from the side has encouraged further speculation over his future, with Paris Saint-Germain reportedly close to striking a deal to take him to Parc des Princes.
Monaco's players have reportedly been informed that Kylian Mbappe will be joining PSG. #ASM https://t.co/IzQrXxT5vW — Jonathan Johnson (@Jon_LeGossip) August 13, 2017
But Jardim insists it was important to give fringe players a chance to earn some game time before the Champions League group stages begin in September.
"It's a club decision not to have him start the game," Jardim told a news conference.
"In the end, the game went smoothly and I gave the opportunity to other players to help make the building of the team more effective.
"In the coming months, with the Champions League, we'll need everyone. We have to give rhythm to those who aren't often used."
BOSTON (AP) Bobby Ryan scored on a tip-in on a power play 5:43 into overtime, and the Ottawa Senators recovered after giving up a three-goal lead to beat the Boston Bruins 4-3 Monday night to take a 2-1 lead in the first-round series.
Ryan got free in the zone, tapping it in on assists by Kyle Turris and Erik Karlsson. Mike Hoffman added two goals for Ottawa, with Derick Brassard scoring the other. Craig Anderson finished with 17 saves.
It was the second straight overtime game of the series, and second consecutive win for the Senators following their 4-3 victory in Game 2.
This time Bruins rallied from a 3-0 deficit with three goals in second period, tying the game on a power play goal by David Pastrnak.
Noel Acciari and David Backes also scored for the Bruins. Tuukka Rask stopped 28 shots.
Game 4 is Wednesday night in Boston.
Ottawa seemed to be cruising in the second period following Hoffman's second goal of the night off a power play to make it 3-0. But then Boston finally got going on the offensive end.
First, forward Noel Acciari, who returned from injury, got Boston on the board on a tip-in off a miss by John- Michael Liles. That was followed 42 seconds later by Backes' slap shot after he broke through the Senators defense to swipe the puck and open the ice.
Then, the Bruins finally cashed in on Pastrnak's goal with Dion Phaeneuf in the penalty box for slashing.
It nearly nullified what was a dominating start by the Senators, who kept the action on their side of the red line for most of the first period.
The Bruins played through a rash of injuries in the first two games, and were missing defensemen Adam McQuaid, Torey Krug, Brandon Carlo and Colin Miller on Monday.
Acciari and center David Krejci both returned, but Boston struggled early to find much offensive traction.
Hoffman and Brassard scored just 25 seconds apart in the first period and exploited a depleted Boston defense to give Ottawa an early 2-0 lead.
The Bruins made up for their sloppy start and came out more aggressive on the offensive end in the second period, scoring three goals on just seven shots – including the two in 42 seconds – to get back into the game.
The Senators outshot the Bruins 10-3 in the first, taking advantage of several defensive breakdowns on their side of the ice.
Ottawa's first goal of the night came after Erik Karlsson flipped a pass behind Boston's defense to spring Hoffman on a breakaway. Hoffman controlled the puck and easily tapped it by Rask into the right corner of the net.
Then Brassard got on the board, slipping a slap shot by Rask for his second goal in two games.
Backes had the best opportunity to score for the Bruins in first period, but his attempt to fire a glove side shot by Anderson was wide right, striking the post.
It was the first game of the series that the Bruins had trailed after the opening 20 minutes.
Top executives at Cambridge Analytica, the political data company used by the Trump campaign in 2016, were secretly filmed suggesting entrapping politicians with bribes and sex workers in video broadcast by the U.K.'s Channel 4 News on Monday.
Channel 4 reporters posed as prospective clients who wished to sway the Sri Lankan election, and a hidden camera showed Cambridge Analytica Chief Executive Alexander Nix offering ideas on how to entrap opposition candidates.
“It doesn't have to be true. It just has to be believed.” Alexander Nix, on hidden camera
Nix told the reporters the company could “send some girls around to the candidate's house,” adding that Ukranian sex workers “are very beautiful, I find that works very well.”
He also suggested bribery — “a deal that's too good to be true.”
“We'll offer a large amount of money to the candidate, to finance his campaign in exchange for land for instance, we'll have the whole thing recorded on cameras, we'll blank out the face of our guy and we post it on the internet,” Nix said.
Offering bribes to politicians is illegal in the U.S. and U.K.
Cambridge Analytica offers its services to political campaigns around the world. The company has received significant funding from Republican donor Robert Mercer. Donald Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and Brad Pardscale, the digital director of the Trump campaign, were the primary figures involved with hiring Cambridge Analytica for the 2016 campaign, NBC News reported.
The company is accused of scraping the personal data of 50 million Facebook users in the U.S. without their permission in an effort to help Trump's presidential campaign. On Friday, Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica from its platform. Facebook FB, -6.77% shares plunged nearly 7% Monday in the wake of the breach.
Read: Facebook security chief to exit: report
“We're used to operating through different vehicles, in the shadows, and I look forward to building a very long-term and secretive relationship with you,” Nix said in the video.
The meetings captured on film also included Mark Turnbull, the managing director of Cambridge Analytica Political Global, who was recorded bragging about ties with former British and Israeli intelligence agents now working as private contractors who could be used to gather potentially incriminating evidence.
Turnbull also described how misinformation spreads.
“We just put information into the bloodstream of the internet, and then, and then watch it grow, give it a little push every now and again… like a remote control. It has to happen without anyone thinking, ‘that's propaganda', because the moment you think ‘that's propaganda,' the next question is, ‘who's put that out?'...So we have to be very subtle.”
Turnbull said the company's job was to prey on voters' deepest fears. “Our job is to...understand what are those really deep-seated, underlying fears...You didn't know that was a fear until you saw something that just evoked that reaction from you. And our job is to...drop the bucket further down the well than anyone else to understand...deep-seated, underlying fears.”
In a statement, Cambridge Analytica denied using dirty tricks. “We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment, bribes, or so-called ‘honey-traps' for any purpose whatsoever… We routinely undertake conversations with prospective clients to try to tease out any unethical or illegal intentions,” they said. “Cambridge Analytica does not use untrue material for any purpose.”
In a separate development Monday, Facebook said Cambridge Analytica has agreed to an audit of its servers to prove the Facebook users' data has been erased from its systems. Cambridge Analytica was supposed to delete the data in 2015, but reportedly failed to do so.
“If this data still exists, it would be a grave violation of Facebook's policies and an unacceptable violation of trust and the commitments these groups made,” Facebook said in a blog post.
Late Monday, Britain's information commissioner announced plans to seek a warrant to access Cambridge Analytica's servers.
By Meg Wingerter
Kansas was the only state where the obesity rate went up significantly in 2015, according to an annual report, and state officials are trying to figure out why and how to reverse the trend.
The state also lagged on vaccination rates and remained stuck in the middle on overall health, according to the America's Health Rankings Report, which was released Thursday.
Kansas ranked 27th in the report, which rates the 50 states on a broad range of measures, including health behaviors, access to care, state policies and residents' health outcomes. The state has hovered at 26th or 27th since 2013.
About 34 percent of Kansans, or one in three, were obese, according to the report. That echoes another annual report issued earlier this year by the Trust for America's Health and Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, which also noted that Kansas also was one of only two states whose obesity rate increased significantly between 2014 and 2015.
Missouri didn't fare much better, with 32 percent of residents classified as obese. Its obesity rate also appeared to go up, though the change was not statistically significant.
Jennifer Church, section director for community health promotion at the Kansas Department of Health and Environment, says state epidemiologists are analyzing why the obesity rate increased in Kansas when most states were holding steady and a few had decreases.
“We can't say with any certainty why Kansas is continuing to go up,” she says. “A lot of their strategies (in states where the rate decreased) look the same as what we're doing.”
Not all people who are obese develop other health problems, but extra weight does increase the risk of type 2 diabetes, heart disease, stroke, arthritis and cancers in the uterus, breast, colon, kidney, gallbladder and liver, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The report estimated the United States spends about $190.2 billion annually on health issues related to obesity, and about 200,000 people die from related causes each year.
KDHE has provided programs to encourage better nutrition for about 20 years and offers grants for communities that want to include pedestrians and bicyclists in their master transportation plans, Church says.
This coming year, however, KDHE plans to put more emphasis on underserved communities, such as lower-income neighborhoods that can be overlooked when city officials discuss adding bike trails, she says.
“It's really clear who is disproportionately affected by obesity and tobacco,” she says.
Work remains on vaccines
Kansas also ranked in the bottom 10 states on the percentage of adolescents vaccinated against meningococcal disease and human papillomavirus, or HPV.
Missouri also was in the bottom 10 when it came to vaccinating all teens against meningococcal disease and female teens against HPV. It ranked 32nd for male teens, mostly due to extremely low rates in other states — only about one-quarter of Missouri boys age 13 to 17 had received an HPV shot.
Jennifer VandeVelde, director of KDHE's Bureau of Disease Control and Prevention, cautioned that the report doesn't reflect progress in 2015, however. For example, the HPV vaccination rate in Kansas for teen girls increased from about 38 percent in 2014 to about 51 percent last year, which wasn't captured in the rankings, she says.
KDHE and the Immunize Kansas Coalition are focusing on raising awareness that teens need the HPV and meningococcal vaccinations, as well as a booster to protect them against tetanus, pertussis and diphtheria, VandeVelde says. That includes talking with health providers about using the opportunity when they treat teens to offer vaccines, she says.
“While these rates are still not as high as we would like them to be, there is marked improvement noted in just one year, and we are confident that we will continue to see marked increases under our current strategies,” she said in an email.
Meg Wingerter is a reporter for KHI News Service in Topeka, a partner in the Heartland Health Monitor team. You can reach her on Twitter @meganhartMC
Image copyright AFP
A group of major European companies has warned the Prime Minister they may cut investment without more clarity over the terms of Britain's EU exit.
Business leaders, including from BP, BMW, Nestle, and Vodafone, told Theresa May that "time is running out".
In a statement after the Downing Street meeting, they said that a trade deal with the EU must be "frictionless as with a customs union".
Downing Street said that the meeting had been "open and productive".
The industry leaders warned that "uncertainty causes less investment."
The group, known as the European Round Table of Industrialists (ERT), includes BP chairman Carl-Henric Svanberg and his Nestle counterpart Paul Bulcke.
Others at the meeting were the chief executives of Vodafone, Vittorio Colao, and Royal Mail, Moya Greene.
Senior figures from firms including BMW, Phillips, E.On and Ferrovial also attended the meeting with Mrs May and Brexit secretary David Davis.
The ERT represents Europe's 50 largest companies, with combined revenues of 2.25 trillion euros (£2tn) and millions of employees.
In its statement, the ERT said: "The uninterrupted flow of goods is essential to both the EU and UK economies. This must be frictionless as with a customs union.
"We need clarity and certainty, because time is running out. Uncertainty causes less investment."
A Downing Street spokeswoman said that the PM told the business leaders that work was under way on two customs models, "and underlined the importance of ensuring that our future trading arrangements with the EU are as frictionless as possible".
She restated a commitment to avoid a hard border between Northern Ireland and Ireland, and allowing the UK to pursue an independent trade policy.
"The PM recognised the necessity of providing certainty for businesses, pointing to the agreement of an implementation period at the European Council in March to provide time to allow businesses to prepare for the new arrangements," the spokeswoman said.
It's feeding time at Brad Felger's farm in Washington's Skagit Valley. And he's about to feed 40 hungry falcons.
Yes, falcons.
They're an important, albeit often unseen, part of farming in some states, used as a defense mechanism to keep away pesky birds like starlings, which love to eat berries and apples.
Since age 12, Felger has had a self-described love for everything with feathers, scales or tails.
"Falconers are, what's the word I'm looking for ... eccentric," Felger says.
Now he runs Airstrike Bird Control as founder and CEO.
His business? Raptor abatement.
It's different than traditional falconry because rather than hunting quarry, he uses his falcons to scare off birds that can be bad news for crops.
In 2017, he employed about 30 falconers and used over 100 falcons (only about 25 of those are Felger's) to control troublesome crop-eaters.
According to research in the journal Crop Protection, in 2011 in Washington state alone, honeycrisp apple farmers lost nearly $3,000 per acre to birds eating their produce.
While nets can secure fruit trees and noisemakers can scare birds, there are drawbacks to each tool. Nets can be expensive, and birds can get used to noise-scare tactics.
But falcons?
"It's using nature against nature. And it's something birds never get used to," Felger says. "They never get used to an aggressive falcon flying toward them."
Felger's operation is non-lethal for the birds that the falcons scare away.
He flies his falcons all along the U.S. West Coast. In Washington, he starts with blueberry farms in May, then travels east, ending with vineyards in the Yakima Valley and Columbia Basin through the fall.
His operation is gaining popularity, especially with organic and eco-friendly farms.
Patricia Thompson is the falconry manager for the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife. This season she permitted nearly 300 recreational falconers in the state. Thompson says she's noticed an uptick in this style of pest control.
"It feels like more people are getting into abatement falconry," Thompson said. "And it does seem to be more ecological to haze the birds off, rather than using pesticides."
Thompson isn't sure how many of those falconers practice abatement since the state doesn't offer those permits. That permit comes at the federal level through the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
All states except Hawaii allow falconry. In other states, abatement falconers also work with landfill sites, golf courses and warehouses where birds can be a nuisance.
Thompson is quick to point out how intense falconry can be. It starts with a two-year apprenticeship, followed by an exam, and even a site visit where wildlife department officials examine facilities. She calls it a real lifestyle because the birds take so much time to care for and are in hunting-working relationships with their falconers.
At Fegler's farm, breeding season has already started. Next month, Felger is hoping to add 40 baby falcons to his cast of the hardworking birds of prey. Soon these little birds will start training to become the next generation of fruit-saving predators, maybe protecting a blueberry field or apple orchard near you.
This story comes to us from Washington-based member station Northwest Public Broadcasting. You can hear the original story here.
Hurricane Harvey in Houston on Aug. 28, 2017.
David J. Phillip, AP
Some good news from top hurricane forecasters: The 2018 Atlantic hurricane season should be quieter than normal, according to a new prediction released Monday.
Meteorologist Phil Klotzbach and other experts from Colorado State University – regarded as the nation's top seasonal hurricane forecasters – predict 10 named tropical storms will form, of which four will become hurricanes.
That is a sharp decrease from their forecast in April, when they said 7 hurricanes would form. One system, Subtropical Storm Alberto, already formed in May.
If the quiet forecast comes to fruition, 2018 will be a welcome relief after the destructive 2017 season, which saw monsters like Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria tear paths of death and destruction across the Caribbean and the U.S.
"We have decreased our forecast and now believe that 2018 will have below-average
activity," the Colorado State forecast said. "The tropical and subtropical Atlantic is currently much colder than normal, and the odds of a weak El Niño developing in the next several months have increased."
Hurricanes need the fuel of warm ocean water to develop and strengthen.
El Niño is a natural warming of tropical Pacific Ocean water, which tends to suppress the development of Atlantic hurricanes. During an El Niño, strong upper-level winds roar across the Caribbean and Atlantic, tearing apart developing tropical storms.
In its most recent forecast, the Climate Prediction Center gave a 50 percent chance of an El Niño forming in late summer or early fall.
More: It's back: El Niño expected later this year, forecasters say
"With the decrease in our forecast, the probability for major hurricanes making landfall along the United States coastline and in the Caribbean has decreased as well," Colorado State said. The probability of direct hit on the U.S. coast from a major hurricane – classified as a Category 3, 4, or 5 on the Saffir-Simpson scale – is down to 39 percent from 63 percent.
But experts caution it only takes one storm to make it a disastrous season.
"As is the case with all hurricane seasons, coastal residents are reminded that it only takes one hurricane making landfall to make it an active season for them," the forecast said. "They should prepare the same for every season, regardless of how much activity is predicted."
The poster child for that theory was the 1992 hurricane season. That season was relatively quiet overall, with only seven named storms. But the first of them was catastrophic Hurricane Andrew, which devastated portions of South Florida and killed dozens of people.
Meanwhile, the eastern Pacific hurricane season, which gets a boost from El Niños, has been very active so far, with six named storms, of which three have been hurricanes.
Extreme weather events in 2017 Extreme weather events have lead the headlines throughout 2017. Dean Mize holds children as he and Jason Legnon use an airboat to rescue people from homes that are inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on Aug. 28, 2017, in Houston, Texas. 01 / 52 Extreme weather events have lead the headlines throughout 2017. Dean Mize holds children as he and Jason Legnon use an airboat to rescue people from homes that are inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on Aug. 28, 2017, in Houston, Texas. 01 / 52
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Image copyright Google Image caption Hertford Regional College said it takes student safety seriously and is working with the police
Two teenagers have been arrested after a boy was stabbed on a college campus.
The victim suffered a wound to the thigh at Hertford Regional College in Turnford, Broxbourne.
Paramedics treated the boy at the scene, after emergency crews were called at 15:05 BST on Thursday, before he was taken to hospital and later discharged.
Two boys, aged 16 and 17, have been arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm.
One has been released while inquiries are continuing. The other remains in police custody.
Det Insp Tom Leeks, of Hertfordshire Police, said: "We believe that this was an isolated incident and the offenders are known to the victim.
"We are working closely with the college management team and students should not be alarmed if they see police officers at the college today as we continue our enquiries."
British Prime Minister Theresa May attends the Sovereign's Parade at Britain's Royal Military Academy Sandhurst last week. Paul Grover / Pool via Reuters
May backed the campaign to remain in the E.U. — the losing side — but has vowed to lead the U.K. through two tough years of negotiations to exit the 28-member trading bloc.
Her ruling Conservative Party have opened up a 21-point lead over the Labour Party, according to the YouGov pollster this week.
Labour is led by anti-establishment socialist Jeremy Corbyn, who has drummed up record membership among core supporters but is accused of not engaging with the wider population or providing a strong opposition to the government.
Jeremy Clements and his family owned Xfinity Series team been doing a lot of “running around” in the weeks leading up to the 2018 season.
Clements' team has been “burning some gas” as they get their No. 51 Chevrolet compatible with NASCAR's new Hawkeye inspection system, which will debut at Daytona International Speedway.
“Coming from a small team, going to that (Hawkeye system), we've been to that of course (at the NASCAR Research and Development Center),” Clements said Saturday on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio's “The Front Stretch.” “Our cars all failed like first time, each time. We had to go back to the body guy. He had to take another swing at it and he got her fixed up. It's definitely been tough at first to be honest. We don't have any of that stuff.”
Ryan Newman said at the NASCAR Media tour that Richard Childress Racing spent $350,000 to install its own Hawkeye inspection rig at its shop in Welcome, North Carolina.
The process includes 17 cameras and eight projectors that will produce a 3D model of the car. That is then compared to the CAD model of the car to determine how far away it is from the tolerance.
Without anywhere near the kind of funding RCR enjoys, JRC has trekked to NASCAR's R&D center to become familiar with the process.
MORE: Friday Five details new pit road rules
But unlike most teams, Clements' isn't based in the Charlotte, North Carolina, area and neither is their body specialist.
The team's shop is based out of Spartanburg, South Carolina, a 75-mile trip one way from Charlotte. The specialist is near RCR's shop, which is roughly an hour northeast of Charlotte.
“He's up a good way,” Clements said. “We've been running around a lot lately. My guys have been working a lot of hours and going back and forth. It's been a problem for sure, but I think it'll get better for sure. Too early to tell right now … It's going to take it a few races to get all sorted out.”
When it is firmly established, Clements believes it will “level the playing field” for small teams like his, which earned its first NASCAR win last year at Road America and made the Xfinity playoffs.
“I don't think they (big teams) can do all the trick stuff they were doing,” Clements said. “Now I'm sure they'll figure out other ways to do other things, but that's the name of the game.”
The new inspection process isn't the only new element NASCAR has introduced that Clements' team will have to adapt to.
NASCAR is limiting the number of pit crew members allowed over the wall during pits stops from six to five. It has also mandated the use of standardized pit guns over a gun created by teams.
Clements sees the standardized pit gun as significant move that will help his team.
“That's good because that was getting kind out of hand,” said Clements, who estimated the team must pay $300 to rent a gun. “Only drawback to that is just, I hate to say it, but the money we got to spend for that.
“We're trying not trying to spend in every direction, but that's the only negative to that part. But I like that the guns are supposed to be all equal because they were definitely getting out of hand.”
Follow @DanielMcFadin and on Facebook
For the first time, the Food and Drug Administration is taking aim at people who make e-cigarettes that are hugely popular with teens.
JUUL and other e-cigarettes are battery-powered devices that turn nicotine-containing liquid into vapor that can be inhaled. A JUUL could be mistaken for a USB flash drive and has exploded in popularity with teens and young adults. Other brands of e-cigarettes are called myblu, KandyPens, and Suorin. The products can deliver as much nicotine as a cigarette but without as many carcinogens and toxins as traditional cigarettes. The health impact of the other chemicals found in the vapor is still unclear. They are often marketed as an alternative for adult cigarette smokers, although the flavors — creme brulee, fruit medley, mango, and many others — often appeal to young people who have never smoked cigarettes. And although it's illegal to sell to minors, e-cigarettes can be easy to buy just about anywhere, including on the internet. In fact the FDA tried to buy them in outlets around the country, and ended up sending letters to 40 retailers — 7-Elevens, smoke shops, gas stations and convenience stores like Mobil Mart and Stop N Save — that sold e-cigarettes, specifically JUUL products, to minors.
Advertisement
This week, the FDA also sent letters to Ebay and JUUL Labs, Inc., the makers of JUUL. The FDA specifically asked JUUL to provide data related to the research and marketing of their product, as well as any side effects or adverse reactions reported to the company, specifically reports of addiction, withdrawal, risks, and injuries in young people. "We are working with the FDA, lawmakers, parents and community leaders to combat underage use, and will continue working with all interested parties to keep our product away from youth," the company said in a statement. The FDA also contacted Ebay about JUUL products sold on its site. "We're thankful for eBay's swift action to remove the listings and voluntarily implement new measures to prevent new listings from being posted to the web retailer's site," the FDA said in a statement. Share On email Share On email Email
Share On copy Share On copy Copy Link
Share On facebook Share On facebook Share
Some teens may not know that the JUUL contains highly concentrated nicotine — as much as a pack of cigarettes. A JUUL starter kit is sold for about $50, and it contains a rechargeable JUUL device and four flavored nicotine-containing pods. Each pod contains as much nicotine as a pack of cigarettes, and a four-pack is about $16. A recent survey of people aged 15-24 suggested that 25% could recognize a JUUL product when shown a photo, but 63% of people who had used JUUL did not know that they always contained nicotine. The study, published in the journal Tobacco Control, was conducted by Truth Initiative, a nonprofit public health organization that aims to eliminate tobacco use. Dave Dobbins, the chief operating officer of Truth Initiative, was happy to hear of the FDA's crackdown on e-cigarettes, particularly the sale of them on sites like Ebay. "I love that they are asking questions," Dobbins told BuzzFeed News. "I think it's really important to shut down the online reseller market, which seems like a super easy way for kids to get this stuff." As a recent test, Dobbins found that his own 14-year-old daughter was able to buy the JUUL in about 15 minutes on Ebay using a fake name, and have it delivered to the house two days later. "if you looked at Ebay four days ago and typed in the word JUUL you'd get 50 items in a row that were the JUUL starter kit," he said. "If you do it now, there are almost none on there." Share On email Share On email Email
Share On copy Share On copy Copy Link
Share On facebook Share On facebook Share
But some experts think the FDA isn't going far enough to regulate this market. "I am so glad they are finally cracking down on the targeting of teens and advertisements that are targeting teens," said Mark Rubinstein, a professor of pediatrics at UCSF who has studied the toxins in e-cigarettes. "But I don't feel it goes far enough, personally," he said. Rubinstein led a study looking at toxic compounds in adolescent e-cigarette users, which was recently published in the journal Pediatrics. He noted that although JUUL has recently changed its website to show more adults and introduced flavors like classic tobacco and classic menthol, it still has flavors like fruit medley, creme brulee, and mango. "We could get rid of mango," he said. "Most of the kids in my study favored mango, and I'll tell you that even kids that gave up vaping, when mango came back, they went back to it to try it." Most of the teens he studied used JUUL, and it's the "go-to brand." However, other brands sell products with childlike names. For example, Suorin, an e-cigarette device that can look a bit like a cell phone, calls the nicotine-containing liquid "blow juice." "There's no way you can argue that this is not targeting teens," he said. "The flavors are cotton candy, watermelon lollipop, and strawberry taffy — not flavors a 60-year-old, dependent tobacco smoker would jump to." Share On email Share On email Email
Share On copy Share On copy Copy Link
Share On facebook Share On facebook Share
Theresa Tamkins is a health editor for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Contact Theresa Tamkins at theresa.tamkins@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
Want to be the first to see product recommendations, style hacks, and beauty trends? Sign up for our As/Is newsletter! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
ScarJo and Colin Jost still going strong Spies say the actress showed up at the “SNL” after-party to hang out with him.
Bill Hader: 'At SNL, you always feel like you're going to get fired' Bill Hader's subversive comedic style was evident during his brief stint as an usher at a Tempe, Ariz., movie theater in 1998. A local sorority had bought out the theater,...
Zach Rinkins and EcoTech Visions Foundation (ETVF) teaming up to present “I Am College Material”
MIAMI – Many of us already know that a college degree is not an automatic ticket to a middle class life.
According to Georgetown University's What's It Worth? The Economic Value of College Majors study, many students are graduating from college with crippling debt without achieving the hoped for economic security or upward mobility.
Local Bahamian author and speaker Zach Rinkins and EcoTech Visions Foundation (ETVF) are presenting the Am College Material Community Conversation on College and Career Success to help South Florida students avoid that trend.
The event is scheduled on Thursday, December 21, at EcoTech Visions Foundation 1020 N.W. 163rd Drive in Miami Gardens. The event starts at 6:00 p.m.
“Too many students are graduating from college and falling into low-paying careers that won't help them repay the loans they used to finance their education. Our children deserve a better future than that,” says Zach Rinkins, who wrote I Am College Material! Your Guide to Unlimited College, Career, and Life Success (Australia Publishing). “This conversation will showcase solutions and tools to help schools, parents, and students develop a successful action plan to maximize their education.”
ETVF provides training programs that focus on converting workers and businesses from blue collar to “green-collar” through solar, technology and a variety of other curriculums. This forum aims to empower participants and help them re-imagine education as a reliable pathway to prosperity.
“Green jobs and tech jobs are right in line with Zach's I Am College Material! principles of high yield degrees creating high capacity futures,” adds ETVF Executive Director Pandwe Gibson, Ph.D., who formerly served as a middle school principal.
Attendees can look forward to receiving exposure to best practices and solutions to help them transform their college experience into the opportunity of a lifetime.
“I firmly believe that life is not as meaningful without fully developed college students. I am committed to helping them unlock their potential and create unlimited college and career success,” adds Rinkins, a former administrator at a local university. “These emerging leaders will contribute to 100-percent of our future. We all have a stake in their empowerment. Our future depends on it!”
For its 15th anniversary, Tacubaya is moving — two doors down.
East Bay restaurateur Dona Savitsky's vibrant Mexican eatery at Berkeley's Fourth Street row is taking over the larger place most recently occupied by Pompette.
That Cal-French restaurant shuttered this spring after less than a year in business, with no public announcement by owners David and Caramia Visick. Their stint (and redesign) followed the closing of Marsha McBride's pioneering Cafe Rouge, a mainstay at this site for 20 years.
Construction is already under way on transforming the French bistro into Tacubaya.
Look for a spot as colorful or more colorful than the original — after all, the taqueria is named for the Mexico City neighborhood of architect Luis Barragan, who was famous for his contemporary work and splashes of color.
Related Articles Can Berkeley's new Pompette fill those Cafe Rouge shoes?
Pompette takes Berkeley's Cafe Rouge into new directions
Berkeley's pioneering Cafe Rouge closing after 20 years The counter-style restaurant will double its space, to 2,285 square feet, allowing for the addition of a full bar specializing in tequila and mezcal, an outdoor cocktail seating area and a mezzanine. Other extras will include new menu items and rotisserie chicken dinners to go.
A mid-July relocation date is envisioned. Follow the move to 1782 Fourth St. at www.tacubaya.net.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Akron Mayor Dan Horrigan christened Rosie today.
“I christen thee Rosie, in honor of the brave residents like Rosie May Jacob who went to war on the homefront here in Akron during World War II.”
The passenger-jet-sized machine will soon be boring a mile-long tunnel under the city.
Akron welcomes Rosie
Rosie will create the 30-foot-high tunnel as part of Akron's billion-dollar sewer project. The machine was built in Solon and transported in sections to its starting point near downtown. The city paid $184 million for Rosie, which looks like the fuselage of a 747, but -- at 1,00 tons -- is much heavier.
Horrigan says the work Rosie is doing will help people in Northeast Ohio for decades to come.
“In a typical year, this tunnel will treat almost half-a-billion gallons of combined sewer overflow so it can be safely returned to the Cuyahoga River.”
Rosie is the culmination of three decades of planning for engineer Pat Gsellman.
“The front basically has a lot of little drilling elements that will actually drill into the soil and into the rock. Then it takes it down into this giant cylinder – looks like a huge pop can – as it digs in. Then it removes that muck and debris out the back end.”
Rosie is slated to begin work after Labor Day, drilling 6 inches a minute, 100 hours a week for almost eight months. The public can view the machine this Saturday at the Mustill Store from 11 a.m. until 2 p.m.
Roger Goodell: NFL will fine teams for players not complying with national-anthem rule
On May 23, 2018, NFL owners came up with a new policy concerning player actions and expectations during the playing of the national anthem. Last season saw onfield protests of kneeling for social causes. That didn't resonate with every fan.
The gun control issue addressed by the current exhibit at the San Jose Museum of Quilts and Textiles is meant to inspire the kind of discussion that keeps people up at night. “I wanted to insert more social and political issues into our exhibit calendar,” said Curator Amy DiPlacido. “A lot of works in this show would never get put...
Saudi Arabia's royal family, which is currently in a power play to rule Middle Eastern politics, is a hierarchy of mega-wealthy, closely related backstabbing princes.
The campaign by Saudi Arabia to oust its ultra-wealthy neighbor Qatar — the world's richest nation — from trading with other countries is seen by some as a tactic by the current Saudi ruler and his heir.
But the ruling His Highness, King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud, who entertained Donald Trump on his first tour of the Middle East, is well-versed in power grabs.
The 25th son of the founder of modern Saudi Arabia, King Abdulaziz Ibn Saud, Salman is one of 36 surviving sons of the 45 male children and many daughters.
The vast Saudi reserves of petroleum discovered during Ibn Saud's reign still fund the lifestyles of the kingdom's heirs.
Thousands of Saudi princes who are King Ibn Saud's grandsons and great-grandsons live lavish lifestyles far away from the kingdom, on the French Riviera and in Spain's exclusive holiday spots.
They own French chateaus, Swiss bank accounts and some of the world's largest yachts.
King Salman is worth a reputed $17 billion and owns a villa in Vallauris Golfe-Juan, in southeastern France, where closure of the local beach during his annual holiday infuriates locals.
Salman has lived a gilded life as one of the founding Saudi king's favorite sons.
King Ibn Saud had 22 wives, though reportedly never more than four at a time.
King Salman is one of the “Magnificent Seven,” the seven sons of Ibn Saud's favorite and 10th wife, Hassa al Sudairi.
Married to the king at the age of 13, not only was she beautiful but rose to the most prominent wife because she bore him the most sons.
Until more recently, Saudi Arabia's royal family practiced “agnatic seniority,” which means the monarch's younger brother succeeds to the throne over the monarch's own sons.
The latter system, known as primogeniture and employed by the British royal family's system, makes Prince Charles followed by Prince William as the line to succeed Queen Elizabeth.
The late King Abdulaziz Ibn Saud now has more than a thousand grandsons who intermarry within the dynasty to re-establish their lineage and status within the ruling clan.
The power-hungry rivalry between these sons of Saud is a story of deposition, exile and even murder.
The ruthless grab for the rights of succession can be seen in the recent overthrow by the king's son Mohammad bin Salman of his cousin Muhammad bin Nayef as the new crown prince.
Almost all powers under the king are now concentrated in the hands of the new crown prince, who is also the defense minister.
During Trump's visit, Mohammad bin Salman made the dominant play of securing Saudi Arabia's single biggest arms deal in history, worth $350 billion.
Following his father's move against Yemen, which King Salman bombed just three months after succeeding half-brother King Abdullah, Crown Prince Salman has moved against Qatar.
Despite claiming Qatar must be ostracized because of its links to terrorism, Saudi's move is seen by some as a bully-boy tactic against a wealthy neighboring rival.
But the princes of Saud cut their baby teeth in palace revolt, evidenced by the facts of their family history.
Ibn Saud, who ruled from his teenage years until his death at age 88 in 1953, was succeeded by his son Saud from his second wife.
King Saud ruled for 11 years, but his lavish spending led to a power struggle with his half-brother, Crown Prince Faisal, son of Ibn Saud's third wife.
The royal family forced Saud to abdicate in favor of Faisal, and then Saud was deposed and exiled.
King Faisal ruled until 1975, when he was assassinated by his nephew Faisal bin Musaid.
The nephew was promptly beheaded.
Another half-brother, Khalid, by King Ibn Saud's sixth wife, took the throne.
His seven-year reign, which ended in his fatal heart attack in 1982, was marked by his religious conservatism.
In 1977, one of King Ibn Saud's great-granddaughters, Princess Mishaal bin Fahd al Saud, was executed by firing squad at the age of 19 for alleged adultery.
She had fallen in love with the Saudi ambassador to Lebanon, Khaled, while studying there.
Princess Mishaal was blindfolded, made to kneel and publicly executed on the explicit instructions of her grandfather. Khaled was forced to watch and was then beheaded.
She would not be the last member of the Saudi royal family to suffer a public execution.
King Khalid was succeeded by Fahd, the eldest of the “Magnificent Seven.”
King Fahd oversaw the closest period of Saudi-US relations before the Donald Trump era and steered the country through the 1980s oil price collapse and the First Gulf War.
He also enjoyed big spending during his 23-year rule.
Even after a stroke incapacitated him in 1995, he would fly in on his personal 747 with a huge entourage to Marbella, Spain, for his annual holiday enjoyed in his wheelchair.
Crown Prince Abdullah, first son of Ibn Saud's 10th wife, was made king in 2005 and ruled until his death in 2015.
In 2016, the royal family publicly beheaded Prince Turki bin Saud bin Turki bin Saud al-Kabeer after he was convicted of shooting another man to death during a brawl.
The sixth of the “Magnificent Seven” sons of Hassa al Sudairi and the current King Salman took over.
Today's Saudi cabinet is littered with the male heirs of King Ibn Saud.
So is the list of the world's richest men, with Prince Al-Waleed bin Taleel being named 34th-richest in the world with a $28 billion fortune.
Despite introducing a domestic austerity program to respond to low oil prices, the current Saudi monarch flies around in luxury jets and helicopters with an enormous retinue.
In May this year, it was a triumphant moment for him to welcome Trump.
After the signing of the massive arms deal, the king duly presented Trump with his nation's highest honor, the Collar of Abdulaziz Al Saud.
Trump caused controversy by appearing to kneel before the king to accept the golden medallion around his neck.
It remains to be seen how Qatar will weather the demands by Saudi Arabia and its friends, backed by the United States.
Behind Qatar, the United States and Saudi Arabia are the 10th- and 11th-richest countries in the world.
Why it matters to you Keeping tabs on your front door is a major priority homeowners, and now you can do just that from anywhere in the world.
You don't have to answer your door to know who's there. Not if you have the Xchime Video Doorbell. The connected device features a 1080 HD live video camera to connect you directly to your visitors via your smartphone, tablet, or computer. So even if you're not at home, you can take care of business.
The weather-resistant doorbell is motion-activated. If you're away on vacation, you can track activity at your doorstep by reviewing all live and recorded footage from the Xchime directly from the companion app. You can also protect your home from intruders using the doorbell's smart light integration — whenever it detects someone in the frame, it can turn on a light inside your home, making would-be burglars believe that there might be someone at home.
While there are a number of smart doorbells on the market, the Xchime claims to differentiate itself with a compendium of features and a more accessible price point. Not only does it feature a few standard features that all its competitors (like Ring Pro, Skybell HD, and August) offer, including two-way audio, video communication, night vision, wide-view angle, and video live-view, it also stands apart in a few ways. For example, Xchime is one of the only doorbells on the market to promise to operate in a wide temperature range, feature a garage-door integration, employ latency-free streaming, and come with a dual power supply. Plus, it costs under $130.
That price tag, of course, is only good for backers on Indiegogo who take advantage of this “earliest bird” pricing. Included in this package is the Xchime Video Doorbell, a mounting bracket, and an installation toolkit. Thus far, Xchime has raised over $54,000, more than double its initial funding goal, and there are still over two weeks in the campaign. If you choose to pre-order now, delivery is estimated for August 2017.
DENVER — The San Francisco Giants placed right-hander Jeff Samardzija on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness.
Samardzija left his start Tuesday after throwing 23 pitches and giving up two runs in the first inning. He's 1-4 with a 6.56 ERA this season.
The 33-year-old Samardzija said the shoulder ailment is one that “comes and goes. It's one of those things, where you have to deal with it.”
To take his place on the roster, the Giants recalled righty Tyler Beede from Triple-A Sacramento. Beede made two starts with San Francisco in April, going 0-1 with a 8.22 ERA.
He was selected by San Francisco in the first round of the 2014 draft.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
U.S. consumers are getting more bullish on the housing market despite rising mortgage rates, tight supply and prices that are creeping higher. The share of Americans who plan to buy a home in the next six months rose to a record 7.8 percent, according to the Conference Board's latest survey on consumer confidence. That number had fallen below 2 percent in 2009. Other reports released Tuesday showed U.S. housing prices rising more than expected and new-home sales exceeding expectations.
Simple Minds are returning to the Bay Area.
Finally.
The Scottish rock band – best know for the 1985 chart-topper “Don't You (Forget About Me)” from “The Breakfast Club” film soundtrack – performs Oct. 25 at The Masonic in San Francisco.
It'll be the band's first show in the Bay Area in 16 years.
Tickets are $35-$75 and go on sale at 10 a.m. April 27, www.livenation.com.
The Masonic show is part of the band's first North American Tour in five years, which includes dates in Toronto, D.C, New York, Chicago, Nashville and Los Angeles.
#SimpleMinds announce a North American tour in Sep/Oct 2018!
Playing 2 sets each night full of iconic songs from across their career.
Tickets on sale from 27th April at 10am Local Time Fan pre-sale: 25th April 10am Local Time Details: https://t.co/iLSxXJFnfc#WalkBetweenWorlds pic.twitter.com/6YaIq43sYS — Simple Minds (@simplemindscom) April 23, 2018
Jim Kerr, singer-songwriter for the Simple Minds, says he's thrilled to be heading back to North America to play shows.
“The concert stage is where Simple Minds do their best work, it is where we forged our distinctive live reputation,” he said in a news release. “A highlight of any touring band's career has to be when they are given the opportunity to tour North America. Simple Minds will never forget the thrill of that, especially so during those glorious days of the mid '80's.
Related Articles Top shows: Dave Chappelle, John Mayer bring Controlled Danger to SF
Wente Vineyards announces star-studded 2018 concert lineup
Judas Priest, Deep Purple unite for tour and big KFOX show
Janelle Monae brings Dirty Computer Tour to San Francisco
Gordon Lightfoot explains origins of his some best-known songs “Magically for us, that thrill returns again as we excitedly announce our latest tour. Playing songs from throughout our extensive catalogue, going right back to the start and bring it all up to the current. It is guaranteed that we aim to give 100% of ourselves each and every night – as we look forward to performing in front our loyal fans throughout North America. Hope to see you all there!”
The band is out on the road supporting its 18th studio album, ‘Walk Between Worlds', which was released in February.
From USAC
Canton, IL……..Andy Baugh of Mason City, Ill. led all 20 laps to win Saturday night's Engler USAC IMRA Speed2 Midget race at Spoon River Speedway. Shane Morgan was second and was followed by Austin Archdale, Robby McQuinn and Blake Buchholz.
ENGLER USAC IMRA SPEED2 MIDGET RACE RESULTS: June 30, 2018 – Canton, Illinois – Spoon River Speedway
FIRST HEAT: (8 laps) 1. Shane Morgan (#15 Morgan), 2. Austin Archdale (#7X Mahan), 3. Doug Canham (#18 Canham), 4. Mick Billhorn (#26 Billhorn), 5. Kevin Battefeld (#42 Battefeld). NT
SECOND HEAT: (8 laps) 1. Andy Baugh (#6B Baugh), 2. Tyler Roth (#18R Roth), 3. Blake Buchholz (#37 Raymond), 4. Jake Sollenberger (#5 Utsinger), 5. Jeff Sparks (#55 Sparks), 6. Robby McQuinn (#09 McQuinn). NT
FEATURE: (20 laps) 1. Andy Baugh, 2. Shane Morgan, 3. Austin Archdale, 4. Robby McQuinn, 5. Blake Buchholz, 6. Tyler Roth, 7. Mick Billhorn, 8. Jake Sollenberger, 9. Bart Andrews (#69 Trone), 10. Jeff Sparks, 11. Kevin Battefeld, 12. Doug Canham. NT
—————————-
FEATURE LAP LEADERS: Laps 1-20 Baugh.
NEW ENGLER USAC IMRA SPEED2 POINTS: 1-Baugh-594, 2-McQuinn-490, 3-Buchholz-386, 4-Gedd Ross-385, 5-Morgan-383, 6-Sollenberger-308, 7-Kurt Mueller-304, 8-Daltyn England-279, 9-Andrews-250, 10-Battefeld-231.
NEXT ENGLER USAC IMRA SPEED2 RACE: July 6 – Putnamville, IN – Lincoln Park Speedway – “Bill Gardner Sprintacular”
View 1 more event available today1 more event available today
Choose from our full range of coverage
Image copyright Kim Haughton/Irish Government Image caption Leo Varadkar was in the US as part of Ireland's bid for a seat on the UN Security Council
The National Union of Journalists (NUJ) has called on Leo Varadkar to clarify comments he reportedly made at a private function in New York on Monday.
It is reported that the taoiseach said Donald Trump's criticism of the media was one of the few things he could sympathise with the US president about.
He was said to have been particularly critical of the Irish political press.
NUJ Irish General Secretary Seamus Dooley said Mr Varadkar must clarify his comments "as a matter of urgency".
"If the object of the visit to New York was to project Ireland as a modern democracy then expressing sympathy with Donald Trump's views on the media was a spectacular own goal by an taoiseach," Mr Dooley said.
"Donald Trump has shown nothing but contempt for the media and it is disturbing that Mr Varadkar should in any way align himself with the views of the American president on this issue."
The taoiseach (prime minister) was in the US as part of Ireland's bid for a seat on the UN Security Council.
The Irish Times reported that during a private lunch hosted by Irish Consul General Ciarán Madden, Mr Vardkar said that the media was not interested in the truth but in the story.
'Heated exchanges'
According to the Irish Times, Mr Varadkar claimed political journalists were more interested in gossip at the Dáil (Irish parliament) than in the workings of government, saying they were interested in "whispers in the corridors".
The paper said Mr Varadkar was challenged on his views by guests at the lunch, "in what were at times heated exchanges".
It was pointed out to him that investigative journalism exposed how political profiling firm Cambridge Analytica obtained personal data from social media companies for use in Mr Trump's presidential campaign.
The taoiseach replied that the print media often focused on technology and social media companies because they were taking away their business and that some investigative journalism in Ireland was incorrect, singling out RTÉ in particular for criticism.
Managing director of RTÉ news and current affairs Jon Williams said that RTÉ was proud of its journalism and investigative reporting was a key pillar of its work.
'Private event'
In a statement on Wednesday morning, a spokesperson for Mr Varadkar said he was speaking at a private event, where those who attended included young Irish people based in New York who work across a range of sectors, including media, finance and technology.
He said the conversation was being "quoted selectively and out of context" and the taoiseach "believes that a free, fair and balanced press is a cornerstone of our democracy".
However, the NUJ's Mr Dooley said while Mr Varadkar is entitled to his personal views on the media, his comments were made at an official function.
"This was not a casual conversation between mates but an overview by an taoiseach and is therefore deserving of scrutiny," he said.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Every year, the Montgomery County Prosecutor's Office organizes a special vigil around the holidays to give grieving families a chance to pay tribute to their loved ones. One mother 2 NEWS spokes with says no matter how much time passes, experiencing the holidays without her son never gets any easier.
Bag pipes whistling in remembrance of 52 people killed at the hands of another this year in Montgomery County.
“It's alot,” Montgomery County Prosecuting Attorney Mat Heck said. “It's 52 too many.”
Prosecutor Heck was joined by a congregation of families at Westminster Presbyterian Church Monday. Some of them are experiencing the holidays for the first time without their loved one.
“The community understands,” Prosecutor said. “That they are suffering a dear loss and we are here to support them and help them.”
“My son was 19-years-old,” Linda Parrish said. “And had been in the navy for 6 months. He came home for Christmas and was murdered.”
Parrish's son was killed on Christmas Eve 28 years ago.
After his death, Parrish struggled to cope, but eventually found support through the prosecutor's office which in 1990 started this holiday vigil. Parrish has been coming every year since.
“I go to encourage the families,” Parrish said. “To let them know that even though it seems impossible now, you can get through it.”
This year, 52 people were honored, which is down from the 65 honored last year.
DUBLIN, Ohio – Walking off the 18th green at Muirfield Village Golf Club, former NFL quarterback Peyton Manning estimated that Wednesday was the fourth time since 2005 that he had played a pro-am round alongside Tiger Woods.
The two men both reached the pinnacle of their respective sports around the same time, and more recently they both battled injury to get back to competition. Manning is an avid golfer and single-digit handicap, but he was best known for his work as a two-time Super Bowl champion quarterback. He shared that the two sports converged during his time with the Indianapolis Colts, when he created a snap count audible based on the world golf rankings at the time.
“All those years in Indy, we had different words for the snap count. Snap it on 1, or on 2. And for so many years, Tiger was on 1 and Phil (Mickelson) was on 2,” said Manning, who initially told Golf Channel the story in 2014 (see below). “Tiger always liked that. He could hear it, and he was like, ‘I heard Tiger. Tiger still on 1?' I go, ‘Yeah.' I think he liked the fact that Phil was on 2 a lot as well.”
Manning was known for his abundant use of creative audibles at the line of scrimmage, but he found the Woods-Mickelson call to be especially effective against NFL defenses.
“People couldn't figure it out. Nobody knew what we were saying,” Manning said. “Because a lot of teams use ‘R' and ‘L' words, meaning a play to the right or a play to the left. So I think they always thought it meant something else, so we'd say it a lot. ‘Tiger, Tiger.' ‘Phil, Phil.' They could never figure it out.”
As for the golf Wednesday at the Memorial Tournament, Manning remained impressed with another chance to watch Woods in his latest comeback attempt, even though he offered few on-course highlights himself.
“I only hit one guy, I think,” Manning joked. “He said I could just give him a couple Super Bowl tickets and he'd call it even.”
Soccer is the world's most popular sport. Week in, week out, millions of people of different ages and backgrounds flock to watch their idols and passionately support their team.
This gives the sport, the club and the players a lot of influence and the ability to make a difference off the pitch. Most professional soccer clubs in the UK channel this influence into positive causes, running Football-in-the-Community projects, often with disadvantaged children, people with disabilities or, in situations such as the Grenfell fire, with those affected by disasters.
These projects are usually very well received, undoubtedly a testament to the power of sport, and in particular football.Similarly, when a club decides to take action and tackle a specific issue, this can have a great effect on increasing understanding, bringing about more tolerance and, ultimately, helping to eradicate the problem altogether.At Chelsea we've decided one such issue is antisemitism.Antisemitism has been on the rise around the world for some time now, and the situation in the UK is no different. In 2017, The Community Security Trust, a British charity that protects Jewish people, reported a record number of antisemitic incidents, almost 100 per month.In soccer there has long been a prevalence of anti-Jewish chanting, mainly, but not entirely, in response to Tottenham Hotspur identifying as a Jewish club, where rival fans have invoked everything from Jewish stereotypes to the Holocaust. Antisemitism also reared its head at Chelsea earlier this season when some fans adopted a chant about our striker Álvaro Morata, which included offensive content.It is in this context, and with the full support of the club's owner Roman Abramovich, that we recently launched a new initiative to raise awareness of and tackle antisemitism in all its forms.Together with partners from The World Jewish Congress, The Community Security Trust, The Holocaust Educational Trust, Kick It Out and others, we want to start a process that will make a real difference.And where better to begin than with the first team players themselves?They recently met Holocaust survivor Harry Spiro, who came to our training ground at Cobham and spoke about his experience. It was an amazing session that clearly made a deep and lasting impression on all the players.That was just one in a number of initiatives this campaign will be running.The club's charity foundation will extend its Equality and Diversity Workshops in schools to talk specifically about Jewish faith and culture, and we will develop an education program for supporters suspended for antisemitic behavior.Additional activities taking place throughout this year will include educational visits to former concentration camps for staff, fans and stewards, an exhibition at the Chelsea Museum on soccer and the Jewish community, and screenings of Liga Terezin – a documentary about a soccer league run from a concentration camp during the Holocaust.At Chelsea we hope that our initiative will start a process that we believe is vital and long overdue. However, we understand that change does not happen overnight, it takes time, education and understanding, and therefore we have devised the initiative as a long-term project that will grow and build, and hopefully inspire other clubs to follow our lead and create their own antisemitism initiatives, as well as working together with us on joint campaigns and activities.Ultimately, people watch soccer for enjoyment and clubs have a responsibility to ensure nothing detracts from that. Our aim is to welcome everyone to Chelsea and provide a spectacle for them that is free of any discrimination or abuse. The only thing we can't guarantee is that they'll come away elated every week having seen their team win, though believe me, that is something else that we are working on.The author is Chelsea FC chairman, and heads Chelsea's global antisemitism campaign.
0:45 Deadly head-on collision kills young mother on Texas highway Guillermo Suarez, 31, has been charged with DWI and vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated, after his vehicle caused a fatal accident on a Texas highway. He was filmed driving the wrong way down busy Interstate 20 and eventually crashed head-on into another car, killing the driver.
1:44 'It was disgusting': reporter reveals the best and worst baseball stadium food Major League Baseball's inaugural FoodFest in Manhattan featured a signature dish from every single MLB ballpark, and NYPost.com senior reporter Michael Blaustein was there to try all 30 of them. From a surprisingly solid NY Deli Pastrami Sandwich from the Mets to tangy Toasted Grasshoppers courtesy of the Mariners, the sold-out festival had everything a fan could desire.
0:46 Flaming cheese dishes set off the sprinklers at restaurant Four flaming plates of cheese set off the sprinkler system at Cava Mezze, a trendy Greek restaurant in Baltimore, Maryland. Within seconds, the staff serving the flambé dish were soaking wet. "This taught us a valuable lesson,” the restaurant's co-founder said of the April 17, 2018, incident. “When lighting saganaki, four is one too many.”
1:27 Invincible creep shrugs off taser after alleged airplane groping Passengers were forced to deplane an American Airlines flight at Miami International Airport after a passenger got into an altercation with police officers. Jacob A. Garcia allegedly groped a female passenger and hurled racial slurs at flight attendants , resulting in the police being called. Garcia reportedly has been charged with one felony count of battery.
1:09 'I'll break your arm!' cop says as he wrestles topless woman at Waffle House Footage of police arresting a woman at a Saraland, Alabama, Waffle House shows authorities threatening to break her arm after tackling her to the floor. Chikesia Clemons, who reportedly refused to pay a 50-cent charge on her bill, is claiming that excessive force was used and is facing charges of resisting arrest and disorderly conduct.
0:56 These Instagram-worthy pigs ham it up for the camera An uninhabited island in the Bahamas has become famous for its unexplained, yet super adorable, pig population. Photographer Kristina Kashtanova shared footage of the wild animals swimming and posing for pictures with tourists.
1:33 Bombshell beauty school dropout is full-time plumber Aimee Stanton isn't what most people picture when they think of a plumber. The 24-year-old is Australia's "hottest plumber," and defies stereotypes by looking good while getting dirty doing her job.
0:35 Tree trimmer nearly plummets to his death The Tucson fire department rescued a tree trimmer trapped sky-high under the branches of a palm tree. Fortunately, firefighters had trained for this exact situation, using equipment funded by a new sales tax initiative called Tucson Delivers.
A NUMBER of RGC players have expressed their delight after clinching the WRU National Cup for the first time in their history.
The Gogs came away from the Principality Stadium with a 15-11 victory over Pontypridd, sparking wild celebrations from staff, squad members and fans.
Andrew Williams, said: "It's hard to sum up the win with any words. We wanted to put in a performance for the supporters who came down in numbers.
“We get plaudits for our attack, but to a man our defence stood stall and worked so hard to keep them out."
Centre Tom Hughes also paid credit to the fans, adding: "The noise was amazing, running out with all those supporters cheering us gave me goosebumps.
“It was always going to be a tough game, but overall we deserved the win. The defence worked, we stayed off them at the rucks and kept on making the tackles knowing if we stuck to the plan they would make a mistake and we would clear the ball, which was the story of the second half."
Rhys Williams, who played a starring role in the success, said: "At half-time we said we had to win the next 40 minutes and we edged it.
“We kept our head in the second half and we were able to keep to the gameplan. The effort we put in with those tackles and defence made the difference. We weren't giving an inch in that last 10 minutes."
Follow @insidefutbol
Former Ajax star Daniel Cruz believes that countryman Davinson Sanchez is ready for the step up to a bigger league, following interest from Chelsea, Tottenham Hotspur and Real Madrid.
Ajax has just turned down a proposal worth €40m from Tottenham for the Colombian centre-back, but Sanchez's head has been turned and he reportedly refused to play for the Dutch giants in their 2-1 loss at minnows Heracles at the weekend.
Chelsea has now also joined the race for Sanchez, while Real Madrid are even claimed to be putting the finishing touches to an offer for the defender.
Colombia-born former midfielder Cruz, who played for Ajax between 2000 and 2003, says that Colombians would like to see Sanchez playing in a bigger league.
And he feels as Colombia's best defender it would make sense.
Update: Bloomin' Onions for all!
The winner of the Outback Bowl between Florida and Iowa could have a huge effect on … orders at Outback Steakhouse.
The restaurant chain is offering a free Bloomin' Onion if Florida wins and free coconut shrimp if Iowa wins on Monday — which means that people who have little interest in the game itself are suddenly rooting very hard for their favorite appetizer.
But which one is better? Are we all rooting for Florida now? Vote:
All they do is win, win, win, no matter what.
Behind forwards Gabby Williams and Napheesa Collier, the UConn Huskies beat South Carolina's hoopsters 66-55 on Monday night — for their 100th straight win.
Williams and guard Kia Nurse have played in all 100 games of the streak.
Mind you, a past UConn team, also under veteran coach Geno Auriemma, owns the previous Division 1 college basketball record, 90 consecutive wins through 2010 — a streak snapped by Stanford, which is also the last team the Huskies lost to.
At 25-0 this season heading into Saturday's game against Tulane, the Huskies haven't lost since November 2014. Seriously, congrats. That's a feat.
The UConn women's team holds 11 national-championship titles — with a great shot at winning their fifth straight in next month's NCAA tournament. What a dynasty!
“The 100-win streak isn't all theirs,” Auriemma said of his current team after Monday's win. “They carried the streak across the finish line. But if they win the national championship, it's all theirs.”
We wish them all the luck: Watching history in the making is fun.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 2:03 Man wrangles alligator, frees it from plastic ring wrapped around its body Pause 0:42 Driver's dashcam captures drug-related shootout on Pensacola street 1:22 Armed teens surround elderly woman at Walmart parking lot, steal her car 5:01 Rights group alleges abuse of hens at farm that provides eggs to Florida's largest grocery stores (Graphic Content) 0:46 50 people jump off Florida casino shuttle boat after fire 1:08 Police fire at gun-wielding man after he tried to shoot them (graphic content) 1:13 Disney monorail doors stay open while traveling with passengers in Orlando resort 0:18 Jacksonville dog practices its skateboarding skills 0:44 Florida Keys discards unclaimed boats as part of massive Irma cleanup 3:26 SpaceX sends secret 'Zuma' spacecraft into orbit aboard Falcon 9 Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
A Coast Guard Station Lake Worth Inlet boatcrew works with a good Samaritan to transfer five people to safety near Boynton Beach, Florida, Feb. 3, 2018. The people were transferred back to the station where they were able to contact their families. Petty Officer 3rd Class Brandon Murray. U.S. Coast Guard
A Coast Guard Station Lake Worth Inlet boatcrew works with a good Samaritan to transfer five people to safety near Boynton Beach, Florida, Feb. 3, 2018. The people were transferred back to the station where they were able to contact their families. Petty Officer 3rd Class Brandon Murray. U.S. Coast Guard
Tom Brady will be sidelined Super Bowl Sunday.
“It's my day off,” the 22-year-old Staten Island pizza deliveryman told The Post.
The die-hard Jets fan will spend the day rooting hard against his namesake instead.
“Enough is enough. … The Patriots win too many Super Bowls.”
Brady is just one of 31 Tom Bradys living in New York City, with at least one in every borough.
You're most likely to bump and run into a Tom Brady in Brooklyn, where 11 reside. There are five in the Bronx, four on Staten Island and two in Queens. There are nine listed in Manhattan, including the one married to Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bundchen and living in a $14 million apartment at One Madison in the Flatiron District.
Like the pretty boy quarterback, Staten Island Tom Brady's father is of Irish descent, while his mom has Polish roots.
“I even have his middle name — Edward. It's a curse and it's a blessing,” said Brady.
“Every time I meet new people they say, ‘Are you related to Tom Brady?' I've messed around with a couple of people and said, ‘Yeah, I'm his nephew.' Some people fall for it,” he laughed.
Staten Island Tom, who cuts lawns in the summer, doesn't have the NFL superstar's $180 million net worth, but he does have his confidence.
“Tell Gisele if she ever gets tired … I'm 6-2 and single,” he quipped.
Tom Brady from Queens is no lookalike. The 69-year-old tour bus driver, at 5-foot-9 and 260 pounds, is built more for the couch than the gridiron.
“I'm Tom Brady and I have air in my footballs,” he joked.
He's even driven the Patriots around town but can't recall if his namesake was aboard his bus because “I don't have any interest in football.”
For Eagles fans keeping score, there are zero Nick Foles listed in the city.
Vice President Mike Pence says all options are on the table in dealing with North Korea. Pence made the remarks during a surprise visit Monday morning to the Korean Demilitarized Zone.
Image credit: Gino Santa Maria / Shutterstock.com
0:25 One dead, one injured in uptown shooting Pause
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:29 UNC student mocks Duke's Grayson Allen in trippy parody video
Rapper Meek Mill was released from prison on unsecured bail just in time to see the 76ers take on the Heat in Game 5 in Philadelphia on Tuesday night. Mill was in prison since November because of a controversial parole violation. Many in the sports world have been calling for his release, especially after the Eagles won the Super Bowl.
Mill's first message out of prison was “Let's go Sixers.” He then made it to Wells Fargo Center for the game thanks to a helicopter ride with Sixers co-owner Michael Rubin. One celebrity 76ers fan was super excited.
Kevin Hart posted this Instagram after learning that Mill would be released:
Meek Mill is Frrrrreeeeeeeee ….I just left from seeing him in jail with (Michael Rubin) and we were just told that he is being released. Woooooooow……Stand Up Philadelphia!!!!!
The photo is of Hart and Mill sitting courtside together at a past game.
Hart also shared this IG video (warning: NSFW):
“We home! … When I say we in Philadelphia, we turnt up right now, it's a different level right now … My man is home, we courtside … We back like we never left.”
Kevin Hart PUMPED about watching the 76ers game courtside with Meek Mill: “We back like we never left” pic.twitter.com/5G4NwU4b3i — Alysha Tsuji (@AlyshaTsuji) April 24, 2018
Sixers players were happy to see Mill at the arena too. He even rang the team's ceremonial bell on the court before the game.
Real recognizes real. Joel Embiid and Meek Mill greet one another….both wearing Embiid jerseys. pic.twitter.com/IzNEb2yd07 — NBC Sports Philadelphia (@NBCSPhilly) April 25, 2018
Here's Mill's first social media statement that he posted earlier in the day:
I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time. While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
To the Philly District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice. I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
Other NBA players, such as J.R. Smith, shared excited messages about Mill.
Meek pulling up to the sixers' game in a chopper..that's crazy. Welcome back, bul — Evan Turner (@thekidet) April 24, 2018
Philly Game About To Be 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯 — Langston Galloway (@LangGalloway10) April 24, 2018
St Edmundsbury Sailing & Canoeing Association are one of hundreds of clubs and centres getting involved in the annual RYA Push the Boat Out campaign next month.
The club, based in Flempton, just outside Bury, are among more than 370 clubs and centres taking part in the nationwide ‘have-a-go' campaign, which gives all comers the chance to get on the water for free or at a low cost.
The campaign runs from Saturday, May 13 to Sunday, May 21, with the St Edmundsbury Sailing & Canoeing Association one of nine Suffolk clubs and centres involved.
Alton Water Sports Centre, Aldeburgh Yacht Club, East Anglian Sailing Trust, Felixstowe Ferry Sailing Club, Shotley Point Yacht Club, Slaughden Sailing Club, Southwold Sailing Club and Waveney Sailability Ltd are also taking part in the campaign.
Most of the venues will provide refreshments ranging from the club bar through to lunches to afternoon teas and barbecues.
“During the two weekends and five weekdays, more sailing clubs and centres than ever before will be showcasing what the sport has to offer, from the freedom of being on the water to the social buzz, the thrill of racing and the fact that there really is something for everyone,” explains Alistair Dickson, the RYA director of sport development.
“Sailing is such an accessible sport and many people aren't aware of the opportunities available close to them or how affordable the sport can be, even for the whole family.
“Push the Boat Out is all about making that connection and we're delighted to have so many venues taking part this year.”
More than 90,000 people have experienced sailing at Push the Boat Out events since 2013 with many becoming members of sailing clubs and signing up for training courses.
Saskia Clark, Rio 2016 gold medallist, said: “I got into sailing through my local sailing club, so it's fantastic to see so many people given the opportunity to discover what the sport's all about right on their doorstep.
“If you want to inspire your non-sailing friends and family to give sailing and windsurfing a go, make sure you put Push the Boat Out in the diary.”
All clubs and centres will offer sailing taster sessions for those discovering the sport for the first time and for those returning to the sport.
Most of the events are free, while a few suggest donations. Some require pre-booking so please check using the link below.
You can find all events, venues and dates plus more information at www.rya.org.uk/go/PTBO.
During Thursday's House Natural Resources Committee hearing, Rep. Colleen Hanabusa, D-Hawaii, asked Zinke about the future of a grant program that advocates say is in danger under President Donald Trump's proposed 2019 budget.
“Are you committed to continue to grant programs that are identified, I believe, as the Japanese American Confinement Sites grants program which were funded in 2017? Will we see them funded again in 2018?” Hanabusa, who acknowledged her grandfathers were interned during World War II, asked.
Zinke replied, "Oh, konnichiwa," before beginning to answer Hanabusa's question.
"“I think it's still 'ohayo gozaimasu,' but that's OK," Hanabusa said, correcting him with the Japanese greeting for "good morning."
Konnichiwa means "good afternoon."
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke on Capitol Hill on March 13, 2018 in Washington. Michael Reynolds / EPA
In a statement Thursday afternoon, Rep. Judy Chu, D-Calif., chair of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, called Zinke's choice of greeting "outrageous" and demanded an apology.
"Rather than greet her like he would any other Member of Congress, he responded to her as if she did not speak any English," Chu said. "Whether intentional or not, his comments invoke the offensive stereotype that Asian Americans are perpetual foreigners regardless of how long their families have lived in the United States."
Among the lawmakers who also criticized Zinke were Rep. Grace Meng, D-N.Y., and Sen. Mazie Hirono, D-Hawaii, who tweeted: "The internment of nearly 120,000 Japanese Americans is no laughing matter, @SecretaryZinke. What you thought was a clever response to @RepHanabusa was flippant & juvenile."
The internment of nearly 120,000 Japanese Americans is no laughing matter, @SecretaryZinke. What you thought was a clever response to @RepHanabusa was flippant & juvenile. pic.twitter.com/8pTkmqBeQb — Senator Mazie Hirono (@maziehirono) March 15, 2018
My colleague asked Sec. Zinke a serious question about gov't funding and received the response "Konnichiwa". This blatantly insensitive remark by @secretaryzinke is uncalled for and is not behavior that a cabinet secretary should exhibit🤦‍️https://t.co/4dz9gSgKdR pic.twitter.com/MwPCT0CJdO — Grace Meng (@RepGraceMeng) March 15, 2018
Though his remark drew backlash and immediate attention on social media, on Saturday Zinke defended his remark after a tour of the Southern border. “How could ever saying ‘Good morning' be bad?” he said.
The Japanese American Confinement Sites (JACS) program has provided more than $21 million of funding for the research and preservation of World War II-era incarceration camps, collection centers, and Department of Justice prisons fore more than a decade.
Zinke said at Thursday's hearing that any absence of future funding for the program "probably got caught up" among other items in the budget and that he would look into it.
The famous Spanish actor; Antonio Banderas experienced chest pain following his workout. Because of this, he was rushed to a hospital that is adjacent to his home. His agonising chest pain occurred while he was in the middle of his training routine. This prompted the gym's personnel to call for medical help and transported the actor to St. Peter's Hospital located in Chertsey.
He was asked to stay in the hospital for monitoring and observation and was only released when he was stable and safe.
Chest pain doesn't always denote heart problem. If you experience pain under right breast, this could mean many things. You may have rib injury, costochondritis, pleurisy, pancreatitis, gallbladder disease, kidney stones, food blockages, liver inflammation and hiatal hernia. However, once the doctor admits you for such symptom, he would rule out the most fatal condition to prevent the symptom from getting worse. Hence, cardiac problem will be ruled out first. And unfortunately, the actor's symptom was verified to be heart related.
“I want to thank the medics who took care of me”, Antonio said. It was confirmed by these medical practitioners that he indeed had an episode.
The actor used to live in Hollywood for several years. However, he moved to Surrey where he bought a 5-bedroom house and lived there with his girlfriend Nicole Kimpel; 37 years old. He opted to stay here since it is adjacent to the school where he studied fashion.
This Mask of Zorro star admitted that their there are only 200 homes in Britain like his house. And he planned to stay in this prefabricated Huf Haus for only 5 years. The property amounted £2.4 million and bought it in 2015 when he separated from his ex-wife; Melanie Griffith.
“I chose this house because it's simple and I feel free, the very thing that I need for the moment”, the actor said. “Surrey is just magical for me. I stopped going to parties and I'd rather want to stay home and write. And this place allows me to get things down in my head”, he added. Antonio is currently working on some scripts these days.
“I love going cycling in the woods in Cobham and witness wild deer and foxes visiting my garden”, Antonio said.
Antonio is currently doing the “reinvention” of his new life. And for the past 2 years, his life has greatly changed. “I felt that this is the right moment for change to commence”, the actor stated.
Entering his second year with the Nets, backup point guard Spencer Dinwiddie has impressed coach Kenny Atkinson.
The 24-year-old, selected 38th overall in the 2014 draft by the Pistons, joined the Nets in the middle of last season to help a struggling backcourt that was without the injured Jeremy Lin. Through 59 games, Dinwiddie averaged 7.3 points, 3.1 assists, and 2.8 rebounds in 22.6 minutes per game, making 18 starts.
Though the Nets could have waived him — his contract was not fully guaranteed — they opted to keep him and now seem pleased with that decision.
“As well as he is developing, I'm really excited about him,” Atkinson said Friday. “I think he's going to have a really good year. I felt it all summer. I felt him getting better. I felt him getting more confident.”
Atkinson went on to stress how much trust he has in Dinwiddie, calling him “reliable” and asserting that “we have to find minutes for him.”
With increased depth, juggling minutes is going to be a challenge for Atkinson this year.
“You can't play 15 [players],” he said. “It's hard to play 12. Eleven we can do. Ten is, you know, probably ideal. But with the depth we have, that might push us to 11.”
Still, Atkinson said he believes there will be opportunities for everyone throughout the long regular season, and he is looking at the logjam under a positive light.
“It's a good problem to have, I think,” he said.
Guards Allen Crabbe (ankle sprain) and Caris LeVert (ankle sprain) did not practice Thursday but were shooting around together.
Atkinson provided no timetable for their return.
“I don't want to give a timetable, but I'm optimistic,” he said.
While he admitted they may be held out until the regular season starts Oct. 18, Atkinson said he ideally wants them to see preseason action.
The East Gypsy Lane Road in Bowling Green could soon become a community solar space
The project would allow Bowling Green residents and businesses to sign up and get their electricity from the space. Official details regarding pricing have yet to be worked out.
Daryl Stockburger with the Bowling Green Utilities Department said the idea is a popular one.
“We have had a lot of interest expressed think everything is going to depend on what is the actual cost,” said Stockburger.
If this does become a reality, the city of Bowling Green said it will be a pretty cool site to see.
The panels would not be in a fixed position. They will sometimes face to the east and sometimes face to the west and at noon they would just be flat. Depending on what time of day you drive by it will look a little different.
The empty space is currently owned partially by the wood county commissioners as well as the wood county board of developmental disabilities.
The city of Bowling Green is still waiting to hear back from the wood county commissioners office on if they will agree to sign a leasing option for this space to become a community solar area.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
The TXi displays will be available for a wide range of aircraft makes and models
This Wednesday, Garmin announced a new series of touchscreen flight displays that will, according to the company, “redefine panel configurations.” The G500 TXi is intended for Part 23 aircraft under 6,000 pounds, the G600 TXi for Part 23 planes up to 12,500 pounds and the G700 TXi for the bigger birds—Part 23 Class IV and Part 25 aircraft.
The TXi family comes in three display formats. There are two 7-inch options—landscape or portrait orientation—though the 7-inch landscape display is only available as a dedicated engine information system (EIS). The third option is a 10.6-inch display. The larger display can act as a PFD/MFD and optional integrated EIS, while the 7-inch portrait display can be dedicated to any one of those functions. There looks to be a lot of flexibility with the displays—there are currently 26-approved cockpit configurations.
For those who have the related non-touchscreen flight displays installed, Garmin offers an upgrade plan to the TXi version. Approval for the TXi line is expected towards the end of the year for an AML that includes over 600 aircraft makes and models.
Learn more at Garmin.
As we all get ready for Jed York's 10 a.m. third annual I-fired-somebody-we'll-get-it-right-this-time presser today, it's time to note that the 49ers might actually get it right in 2017, but their owner's actions so far are not quite signaling that.
Basically: Some good general manager and coaching candidates are going to look at Jed's petty behavior in the run-up to the firings of Trent Baalke and Chip Kelly and his self-serving comments afterwards and think:
You know, he's just going to blame me for his mistakes eventually.
Related Articles 49ers regime search begins in Patriots, Chiefs backyards
Purdy: 49ers end a rotten season with firings and uncertainty
Kawakami: The Yorks bungle the start of a new 49ers era
49ers officially fire Trent Baalke, Chip Kelly Because that's what York has done through his usual wave of pre- and post-firing leaks… and then in his first live comments about the season and the firings, to Peter King from Sports Illustrated.
The key section, with King's comments at the beginning and end:
I asked York how he thought he could get a good coach now, with the reputation of a team that gave up on the last two so fast.“People have felt like that before,” York said, “and we were able to hire a coach of the year, and GM of the year. And we were able to win a championship.” He referred to Bill Walsh winning coach of the year and the Super Bowl — 35 years ago.
So Jed is trying to take general credit for hiring Walsh. Before Jed was even born. And his uncle Eddie DeBartolo Jr. was running team. After Jed fired Jim Harbaugh, hired Jim Tomsula, fired him after a year, then hired Chip Kelly, then fired him after a year.
So naturally, Jed says: Hey, Bill Walsh everybody!!
Just genius.
If he said it to Peter King, I guarantee you the Yorks believe it and it probably will come up at today's presser.
Jed might even think he actually hired Bill Walsh.
Which is just Jed Being Jed, and that's the theme of everything around the last few days in 49ers HQ: Things have been bad, but Jed thinks he has it figured it out, and he has his Greek chorus of national reporters to echo that.
And Jed might find the right guy by accident, because there are only 32 teams and good candidates will take a look at the 49ers if they're offering large money and long-term deals, which the Yorks will have to do now after going through so many coaches in such rapid succession.
The Yorks stumbled into McCloughan, then Baalke's good first years, and Harbaugh. They could do it again. But it's all stumbling.
* One thing that Jed York can clear up: Is he hiring GM first, who will hire the coach, or could he hire a coach first and then fit the GM?
It looks like he's doing the search himself, and it will start with a GM–New England's Nick Caserio and Kansas City's Chris Ballard are reportedly atop his interview list–and York has reportedly also set up an interview with New England offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels (who might come with Caserio in a package deal).
Note: If Harbaugh hadn't agreed with the 49ers in January 2011, York's next call probably would've been to McDaniels back then.
* But let's get back to the Yorks feeling sorry for themselves and trying to re-write history to flatter themselves.
Nobody ripped Baalke more than me, and he built a horrendous roster, no doubt, but for Jed to blame him for Tomsula is just unbelievable, though that seems to be what Jed is doing now.
Except: Tomsula was the Yorks' guy 100%. Always. If anything, Baalke tried to get them away from that by talking to Adam Gase, and it seems Gase was put off by Baalke neglecting to tell him until the 11th hour that any 49ers offer came with the stipulation that Tomsula had to be the defensive coordinator.
Baalke's people skills, as always, were bad. But the Tomsula stipulation, I am quite certain, was entirely from the Yorks — he was their guy for years, the guy Jed day-dreamed of coaching this team even when Harbaugh was leading them to the Super Bowl.
So the spin now is … dumb. Self-defeating. So transparent. And good candidates will see through it.
But again, the 49ers might get this right. They are overdue to get one right.
Only 35 years ago, as an infant, Jed York sifted through the resumes, did the interviews, and hired Bill Walsh. You can count on Jed.
Police say they responded to the Defeils' home after Rick's wife called them about the shooting.
When they arrived they found her hiding in the bathroom and had to shield her from her husband's body.
Dustin Defeil was later found near Battle Lake. Police say he had a gun as well as blood on his hands, face, clothing and car.
Rick Defeil was part of the Fergus Falls Public Works Department and was well known in the l community.
While the Otter Tail County Attorney's office cannot comment on specifics of the trial, they say the city's size can be a reason why jury selection takes so long.
"Depending on what the individuals in the community have heard or know people. I mean, certainly, with populations a lot larger, there's a lot less chance for others to know who individuals in the case are. So yeah, I think that certainly plays a factor," said Michelle Eldien, assistant Otter Tail County attorney.
Eldien says the lengthy trial may also have deterred jurors from being able to commit.
In fact, they say they almost needed to call more potential jurors.
They finally wrapped up selection Tuesday afternoon.
The trial starts Wednesday morning at 9.
Up to 30 witnesses are expected to testify over the next two weeks.
If you don't know, Dale Earnhardt Jr. is a big fan of the Washington Redskins. So big, in fact, instead of just enjoying his honeymoon he was busy asking himself a question that will be asked many times this offseason: Should the team give Kirk Cousins a big-money deal?
Earnhardt posted his conclusion on Twitter.
.@Redskins need to finalize a deal with @KirkCousins8. Great production. Great head on his shoulders. You can build and win with the guy. — Dale Earnhardt Jr. (@DaleJr) January 2, 2017
Scot McCloughan drafts are starting to bear fruit. Deep at WR even w/ unsigned FAs. Improved OLine. Need to retain coaching top to bottom… — Dale Earnhardt Jr. (@DaleJr) January 2, 2017
Need maybe 1 more starting OLineman. Go heavy on defense in draft and FA. #RedskinsTalk — Dale Earnhardt Jr. (@DaleJr) January 2, 2017
Let me play devil's advocate here: It's going to be hard to go heavy on defense in free agency without much cap room. And if the Redskins don't re-sign both Pierre Garcon and DeSean Jackson in order to carve out some space, they will be relying on talented receivers with short (or non-existent) track records, like Jamison Crowder and Josh Doctson. There's also Jordan Reed, but he can't seem to stay healthy.
It will also be difficult for Washington to retain the deep supporting cast GM Scot McCloughan has built around his quarterback if that same quarterback is accounting for a large chunk of the salary cap.
Anyway, that's enough about football. Get back to your honeymoon, Dale.
Domino's recent raft of innovations in Australia and New Zealand – including its pizza tracker and ‘Internet of Food' – has helped it to drive a 17 per cent growth in both revenue and same store sales, the company said today.
“The company's focus on…continuous technology enhancements and innovation has seen Domino's results significantly surpass expectations,” group CEO and managing director Don Meij said in the company's half year 2017 market presentation this morning.
It's recent trials of drone deliveries in New Zealand, and further investment in automated deliveries, were a “meaningful part of our strategy over the next two to three years”, Meij said, adding that “this is not a gimmick”.
Meij said the company would be launching an “artificial intelligence first” initiative next month which would be “one of the biggest launches in our history”.
Domino's Live Pizza Tracker app – which allows customers who are picking up in store to time their arrival so the pizza is ready when they are – had a “strong impact” on growth in online ordering in the half (up 32 per cent), the company said.
The app, along with efforts to remove the barriers to ordering online, meant Domino's orders now represented 2.8 per cent of all online retail transactions in Australia, Meij said.
Taking a slice
The half year announcement comes just days after a damning Fairfax investigation which uncovered “widespread underpayment of wages”. Part of the problem, quoted insiders suggested, was the pressure on franchisees to keep their businesses viable.
The situation is exacerbated, the investigation suggested, by the cost of Domino's technology such as GPS trackers, quick-cooking ovens and digital menu boards.
However, some franchisees were quoted as saying the new technologies grow customer numbers.
In its results presentation today, the company said that franchisee profitability was increasing and was set to break a new record in the current financial year. It added that it had a “zero tolerance” towards under-payment of wages or under-reporting of sales.
Ongoing investments in technology are “helping our store managers and franchisees become more efficient and productive”, the company said.
In the last half year, Domino's has launched its MyDomino's App – a portal for franchisees and workers, and rolled out a new rostering system. The SaaS rostering platform by Brisbane-based Tanda was evidence that the company continued to invest in its workers, Domino's said.
The company also forecast that labour costs as a percentage of sales would increase by up to 2 per cent in the coming year. However, it added that initiatives including Tanda would “not only cover these labour increases, but exceed them”.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cheshire West and Chester Libraries invite you to discover what your local library has to offer during Libraries Week from October 9-14.
Libraries Week is the annual showcase of the best that UK libraries have to offer, encouraging everyone to discover their local library.
To start the week libraries at Neston, Blacon, Ellesmere Port, Northwich and Storyhouse in Chester will be opening their doors on Saturday (October 7) as Fun Palaces, part of a free, international celebration of community - bringing people together through arts, science, crafts and technology.
During the week discover the wide range of things you can do at your library, from play and learning for children, to managing your health, accessing Wi-Fi and council services, finding a job, a hobby or starting a business.
Cllr Louise Gittins, Cabinet member for communities and well-being, said: “We want to highlight the great programme of activities our libraries offer during Libraries Week to help people to discover what is available in their local community.
“Our libraries have great facilities and activities on offer all year round, from free access to the internet and wi-fi, to social groups, coding and other digital sessions and work clubs. So this is a great chance to experience what libraries can do for you. Everyone is welcome, it's completely free and we'll be delighted to welcome new faces during Libraries Week.”
Cheshire West and Chester Libraries also offer free digital services such as ebooks and emagazines which can be accessed at home, so you can discover what the library has to offer any time of day or night. You can join the library online or at any library in Cheshire West and Chester.
The naked body of a 23-year-old Google employee was found floating in the San Francisco Bay Thursday, officials said.
The Santa Clara County Coroner's Office identified the woman as Chu Chu Ma of Mountain View, the Sunnyvale Department of Public Safety tweeted.
A woman with the same name has a LinkedIn profile indicating she's a software engineer at Google, according to NBC Bay Area.
In a statement in NBC Bay Area, a Google spokesperson said, “Chu Chu was an excellent software engineer in our developer product team. We are devastated to learn of her passing and our deepest condolences are with her family and friends.”
The Sunnyvale DPS said an investigation was ongoing and authorities were “awaiting the results of the autopsy report.”
It was unclear if Kardashian, who will be accompanied by attorney Shawn Holley, will meet Donald Trump, himself a former reality star, but he often has notable visitors come by the Oval Office. It was reported, however, that she has been in touch with the president's senior adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner.
Kim Kardashian West is traveling to the White House on Wednesday to discuss the pardoning of Alice Johnson, a 62-year-old woman serving a life sentence for a first-time nonviolent drug offense, a representative for the reality star confirmed to BuzzFeed News.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders also confirmed that they were hosting Kardashian, but did not elaborate on what was planned.
Kardashian has been advocating for Johnson's release since she tweeted her disapproval of the sentence last October in response to a Mic video.
Johnson would need to be granted clemency by the president to be discharged.
The Kardashian meeting has been months in the making, according to Vanity Fair, which was first to report the news of Wednesday's White House meeting.
After learning about Johnson, Kardashian reportedly first reached out to Ivanka Trump, who then put the mogul in contact with her husband, Kushner.
Speaking with Mic in early May, Kardashian said that she had been in talks with the White House about criminal justice reform and found the Trump administration receptive. She said that if she were to meet with the president, she would tell him that “just like everybody else, we can make choices in our lives that we're not proud of and that we don't think through all the way.”
“I really do believe that [Johnson's] going to really thrive outside of prison,” Kardashian said. “And I would just urge him to please pardon her.”
BuzzFeed News has reached out to Kardashian's representatives for comment.
Prison reform is one of many subject areas Kushner has been tasked with overseeing during his time in the White House. The First Step Act, a bill aimed at helping inmates reenter society through prison programs like incentivized job training and drug treatment programs, passed the House earlier this month, but faces an uphill battle to get through the Senate, where some lawmakers believe it doesn't go far enough in fixing the country's criminal justice system.
Kardashian endorsed Hillary Clinton during the 2016 election, memorably posing for a selfie with her husband, Kanye West, and the Democratic candidate. West has generated headlines in recent weeks due to his newfound vocal love for President Trump.
—Claudia Rosenbaum contributed reporting.
Biafra: Everybody has the right to agitate, but – Umahi
By Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA – CHAIRMAN, South East Governors Forum and Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi Wednesday said that it was within the fundamental human rights of people to agitate but what mattered most was the way the person goes about to agitate.
Governor Umahi who stated this while fielding questions on behalf of the South East delegation that met with the Acting President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, in a closed-door session at the Old Banquet Hall of the Presidential Villa, Abuja, said that the meeting was not about the Indegenous People of Biafra, IPOB, but on the unity of the country.
On how confident he was that the messages from the meeting would be accepted by the IPOB, Umahi who spoke on behalf of the Igbo delegation said, “The meeting is not about IPOB, it is about to stressed the need for security of lives and properties of Nigerians all over Nigeria and to stress the need for a united, honest, fair and equitable Nigeria. That was what the meeting was about.
“It was a wonderful meeting and the message we're taking back is that there is hope for a united and peaceful Nigeria and everybody should work hard. We emphasize the need for everybody to restrain from making hate statements. We should be making statements that will be binding us together, statements of love, statements of unity, and statements of hope and of course we should also work very hard.”
On the message the delegations would be sending to the agitators, he said, “Everybody has a right to agitate but we emphasize the need for peaceful agitation. Even you agitate, your wife agitates at home that the feeding money is not enough, so it is fundamental right but is the manner you go about it. So it is not an issue that cannot be resolved.”
The delegation included traditional rulers, the academia, political class and clerics from South East.
The post Biafra: Everybody has the right to agitate, but – Umahi appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Police say they found Te'Myah Plummer, a toddler from Virginia, dead and stuffed in a pink suitcase near the PATH tracks in Jersey City, New Jersey. Richmond Police Department
The Beijing International Automotive Exhibition is a barometer of the state of the world's biggest passenger-vehicle market. New cars are launched, startups vie for attention against their multinational rivals. This year's show is significant for some key reasons: China is beginning to open up its automobile market after two decades of restrictions on how many foreigners can own in local car ventures; secondly, the electric vehicle juggernaut is beginning to gather steam; and then there's a looming trade war.
Bloomberg News will capture the pulse of the show throughout the day here. All times are Beijing.
A $111,000 sports car from a Chinese electric vehicle startup wants to vroom
The founder of Chinese startup Qiantu Motor is jostling for a slice of the world's biggest electric-vehicle market, and says the race for leadership in the industry has barely started. The company is set to kick off sales of its 700,000 yuan ($111,000) K50 sports car in July. The battery-powered car accelerates from zero to 100 kilometers in 4.6 seconds and can reach a maximum speed of 200 kilometers per hour (124 mph). It has a range of 365 kilometers on a single charge.
Qiantu K50 concept electric car. Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg
Sedans are dead, you thought? Think again.
Whoever proclaimed the death of the sedan forgot to tell Chinese Lexus buyers. Toyota Motor Corp.'s premium brand is launching the seventh generation of its mid-sized ES saloon at the Beijing International Automotive Exhibition on Wednesday, into a market where sales of the model have almost doubled over the past two years.
Explosive Sales Lexus ES sedan outsold top two SUVs combined Source: CAIN
Will the billionaires bite? Mercedes Tests Appetite for Maybach Crossover
Maybach was the first off the blocks, extending the ultra-luxury badge with a crossover, compete with a porcelain tea service embedded in a heatable ebony-wood tray. Aimed squarely at billionaires perusing the Beijing auto show's offerings this week, a concept model being displayed includes optional white nappa-leather lie-flat seats with massage and aroma-therapy functions. Mercedes isn't commenting on when it'll decide on offering the vehicle.
Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury car. Photographer: Giulia Marchi/Bloomberg
Volkswagen is unloading its wallet. An $18 billion technology push
VW is shifting into overdrive, bolstered by spending at its Chinese joint ventures as the German carmaker seeks an edge in producing electric, self-driving autos. The partnerships' technology investments in the next five years will total 15 billion euros ($18 billion), Jochem Heizmann, head of Volkswagen's business in China, said Tuesday at a new-model presentation in Beijing.
China looks poised to lead the auto market
Chinese billionaire Li Shufu has catapulted from founding his Geely Group as a refrigerator maker in the 1980s to owning Volvo Cars, British sports carmaker Lotus, London Black Cabs and the largest stake in Daimler AG—the inventor of the automobile. Now he is spearheading China's aspirations to wedge itself among the big three of the global car industry—the U.S., Germany and Japan—so they become the Big Four.
— With assistance by Ying Tian, Elisabeth Behrmann, Kevin Buckland, and Yan Zhang
BRUSSELS - France urged the European Union on Monday to consider new sanctions on Iran over its involvement in Syria's civil war and its ballistic missile program, as Paris tries to persuade Washington to preserve a 2015 nuclear deal with Tehran.
US President Donald Trump has given the European signatories a May 12 deadline to "fix the terrible flaws" of the deal, which was agreed under his predecessor Barack Obama, or he will refuse to extend US sanctions relief on Iran.
In response, the three European signatories - France, Britain and Germany - have proposed new EU sanctions targeting Iranians who support Syria's government in that country's civil war and Tehran's ballistic missile program, according to a confidential document seen by Reuters."We are determined to ensure that the Vienna accord is respected," French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told reporters on arrival for talks with his EU counterparts, referring to the city where the 2015 deal was signed."But we must not exclude (from consideration) Iran's responsibility in the proliferation of ballistic missiles and in its very questionable role in the near- and Middle East," he said. "That must also be discussed to reach a common position."The confidential document cites "transfers of Iranian missiles and missile technology" to Syria and allies of Tehran, such as Houthi rebels in Yemen and Lebanon's Shi'ite Hezbollah.Iran's foreign ministry criticized Le Drian's comments, saying there could be no negotiation over what Iran says are purely defensive weapons."We were hopeful that after his recent visit to Tehran and negotiations with Iranian officials, he would understand the realities of the Islamic Republic's defense policies," Fars news agency quoted Iranian spokesman Bahram Qasemi as saying.The United States has unilateral sanctions on Iran over missile tests it says violate a UN resolution against developing weapons capable of carrying nuclear warheads.Any EU-wide measures would be the first significant punitive steps since the bloc lifted broad economic sanctions on Iran last year following the 2015 accord to curb Tehran's nuclear ambitions for at least a decade.But new sanctions would need the support of all 28 EU member states and could complicate new business deals with Iran.Some EU countries, including Italy and Greece, are keen to rebuild a business relationship that once made the EU Iran's top trading partner and its second-biggest oil customer.US Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said on Sunday he expected Trump to pull out of the nuclear agreement in May unless European governments "really come together on a framework."EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini, who chaired the final stages of the nuclear negotiations between Iran and Britain, China, France, Germany, Russia and the United States, stressed that there was no formal EU position on new sanctions.But other foreign ministers in Brussels hinted at discussions that diplomats said were underway in EU capitals."We have to explore all the possible measures to have the same type of pressure as we had in the nuclear dossier," Belgium's Foreign Minister Didier Reynders told reporters.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
It's been a rough winter and you really need a break. Whether you prefer a sunny beach destination or some fun on the slopes, you have plenty of options for your late winter/early spring getaway.
“There are a lot of great deals on hotel rooms and airfare right now, even though spring break is a popular time to travel,” said Christie Hudson, communications director at Expedia. “And if you can go outside of spring break — especially for popular destinations like Hawaii and Orlando — and Easter, you'll get even better deals.”
Expedia crunched the data and found that for many popular ski and snowboarding destinations, including Mammoth Lakes, Calif., Vail, Colo. and Whistler in Canada, the cheapest hotel rates are in February and March. If you're headed for a beach resort in Mexico, you can save hundreds of dollars by bundling your flight and hotel when you book, Expedia found.
NBC News BETTER contacted travel experts to get other money-saving ideas. Here are a few you might want to consider:
Finding Your Flights
Internet travel agencies, such as Momondo, Kayak, Hipmunk, Expedia, Travelocity, and Google.com/flights, make it easy to compare airfares when booking a flight. Keep in mind: You won't find prices and you cannot buy tickets for Southwest Airlines on these aggregator sites.
“If your goal is to save money and you're headed to a place where Southwest flies — and they recently expanded into Mexico and the Caribbean markets — you should go to the Southwest website,” said Steve Danishek at TMA Travel in Seattle. “And keep in mind, Southwest fares include taxes and fees and they don't charge for checked luggage.”
When to Book
Despite all the hype, there is no “best time” to buy your airline tickets for every destination. FareCompare recommends Tuesdays at about 3 p.m. Eastern Time “because many airlines release weekly airfare sales in the early morning hours of Tuesday, and by mid-afternoon, competing airlines have matched sale prices”
According to the 2018 Air Travel Outlook Report from the Airlines Reporting Corporation, the optimal time to shop for flights is a Sunday, at least 30 days in advance. That same report found that February is the cheapest month for international flights from the U.S., making it a good time to head to Mexico.
One thing travel experts agree on: The cheapest days to fly domestically are Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. Fridays and Sundays tend to be the most expensive. For international travel, mid-week flights are typically cheaper than weekends.
But while the president and vice president canceled events and Ivanka Trump echoed her father's words, others in Trump's orbit were quicker to assign blame to Democrats, the media, and an anti-Trump environment they feel contributed to the shooting.
“Everyone on that field is a public servant. Our courageous police, our congressional aides, who work so tirelessly behind the scenes with enormous devotion, and our dedicated members of Congress who represent our people," Trump said. “We may have our differences, but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation's capital is here because, above all, they love our country."
Trump sounded a note of unity, reminding Americans that members of Congress and their staffers are patriotic.
A somber President Trump Wednesday lauded his friend House Majority Whip Steve Scalise who was shot in the hip, along with other Republican congressmen who appeared to be targeted at a baseball field in Virginia.
Trump's son Donald Jr. tweeted "this" along with a retweet of a media commentator's condemnation of recent controversies including Kathy Griffin posing with a fake decapitated head and a Julius Caesar play that has a Trump-like Caesar in the lead role.
Trump supporter Newt Gingrich, who has advised him in the past, described the shooting in starkly partisan terms as part of a pattern of "increasing intensity of hostility on the left."
"You've had a series of things which send signals that tell people that it's OK to hate Trump, it's OK to think of Trump in violent terms, it's OK to consider assassinating Trump," Gingrich said on Fox News. "And then suddenly we're supposed to rise above it until next time?"
"Lest anyone seek to blame the alt right I understand the shooter was a Sanders supporter," longtime Trump adviser Roger Stone Jr. told BuzzFeed News. "I believe the shooting is a sad manifestation of the climate of hate that has been whipped up by the mainstream media against the president and Republicans."
Stone was referring to alleged shooter, James T. Hodgkinson, who was a volunteer for Bernie Sanders campaign in Iowa. (The senator denounced the alleged shooter this morning.)
On WBEN radio in Buffalo, New York, Michael Caputo, who resigned from the Trump campaign last year, called the shooting "karma" for Democrats.
"A Democrat campaign volunteer who deeply believed the president and his advisors were traitors tried to murder Republican congressmen," he said. "For nine months, Democratic Party leaders have lied, regularly calling me and my friends traitors, so forgive me if I'm not more tender with their karma in Alexandria."
Both Democrats and Republicans on Capitol Hill and outside have largely emphasized unity and echoed the president's approach earlier on Wednesday. Members of both parties have also described threats made, as well, against them. A Republican congresswoman said Wednesday afternoon her office had received an email with the subject line, "One down, 216 to go." In a members meeting Wednesday, Democrats discussed increased death threats against them since the beginning of the year, and ways to improve their personal and home security in the wake of the shooting.
Former Trump campaign adviser Sam Nunberg, who remains close with members of the administration, said he hoped politics could become less combative.
"Obviously, this shooter was politically motivated and it's just a tragedy and thank god that the cops had to be there because Scalise was there," Nunberg said, adding that he hoped the left wouldn't say the right is politicizing the shooting and the right would refrain from being "quick to blame this on Bernie or something like that."
"This is just a sicko," he said.
An anti-Kremlin journalist who reportedly was gunned down outside his apartment in Kiev stunned the crowd at a news conference in Ukraine Wednesday where officials said his death was faked to catch the people trying to kill him.
Arkady Babchenko appeared at the news conference called by the head of the Ukranian Security Service, Vasyl Grystak, and thanked everyone for mourning his death.
“I would like to apologize for what you have all had to go through,” Babchenko said.
Grystak said his agency had learned of the plot and thwarted it.
“According to information received by the Ukrainian security service, the killing of Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko was ordered by the Russian security services themselves,” Grytsak said.
As part of the elaborate ruse, the national police on Tuesday said Babchenko, 41, ​who fled Russia last year, was shot a number of times in his back and was found by his wife covered in blood.
Babchenko apologized to his wife, who wasn't part of the scam.
“Olechka, I am sorry, but there were no options here,” he said. “I'm sorry for making you live through this. I've buried my own friends and colleagues many times myself.”
As he appeared in the flesh at the news conference, mourners unaware of the turn of startling events gathered outside his apartment building to offer their respects and leave flowers.
Babchenko, known as one of Russia's best war reporters, spoke about having to leave the country because of threats that he and his family would be harmed.
Grystak said a Ukranian citizen who was working with Russia to carry out his assassination had been arrested.
On Tuesday, the police in Kiev announced Babchenko's death and said his work as a journalist was probably the cause, adding that they hadn't been able to speak to his wife because she was in shock.
Ukranian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman quickly blamed Russia.
“I am confident that the Russian totalitarian machine did not forgive him his honesty and principled stance,” Groysman posted on Facebook.
“The killers should be punished,” he said.
Reacting to the fake death, Russia said it would assist in the investigation if asked by Ukraine even as Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov blasted the country as dangerous for journalists.
“We know that many people are dying, many journalists are dying, journalists are thrown into prison for doing journalist work. We consider this unacceptable, we believe that this should be the topic for a very tough international reaction that will encourage the Ukrainian authorities to take effective measures to rectify the situation,” he said.
With Post Wires
California Democrat Sen. Kamala Harris was again reprimanded for questioning and interrupting a witness while questioning Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday.
She was first interrupted by Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain, who said Sessions should be allowed to answer, then Committee Chair Sen. Richard Burr,R-N.C., said he would control the hearing and the witness should be allowed to answer questions.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Sessions Accuses Harris of Rushed Questioning: 'It Makes Me Nervous' 1:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
She was the only senator to be interrupted and reprimanded, despite the fact that many senators — most noticeably Sen. Mark Warner, the Virginia Democrat who sits next to Burr and is the vice chairman on the committee — interrupted Sessions' answers before and after Harris spoke.
Related: Meet Kamala Harris, the Second Black Woman Elected to the U.S. Senate
Sessions insisted that he didn't want to be rushed during his questioning, because he didn't want to be later accused of lying should he not properly qualify his answers. He also said being rushed "makes me nervous."
Harris was similarly reprimanded by Burr just six days ago for her manner of questioning Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
Some on social media argued that Harris keeps getting cut off because she is a black woman — only the second one ever in the Senate.
Let me just say the fact that Jeff Sessions would tell @KamalaHarris, a Black woman that she makes him nervous, is a racist dog whistle. — Lynn V. (@lynnv378) June 13, 2017
The one thing you're NOT going to do is holler at Queen Kamala Harris, Jeff Sessions!! — Robin Thede (@robinthede) June 13, 2017
Jeff Sessions giggling as Kamala Harris is cut off AGAIN by the male committee chair is disgusting — Makayla Haussler (@makayinthehauss) June 13, 2017
Again, @SenKamalaHarris was doing her job. She was interrupted for asking tough questions. I was not interrupted. https://t.co/5VchzjTfgF — Ron Wyden (@RonWyden) June 13, 2017
A few hours after the hearing was over, Harris tweeted, "The women of the United States Senate will not be silenced when seeking the truth," along with a link to a fundraising page for female senators.
Holden's former CIO and head of information technology Peter Lane has taken the chief information officer role at the Victorian Government Department of Economic Development, Jobs, Transport and Resources.
Lane, who departed the car brand in December, commenced his new role last week.
Lane had been with the car manufacturer since 2007 when he started working for Holden's parent company General Motors in the UK, before making the move to Australia in 2011.
Last year, Holden ended its local manufacturing business (as did Toyota) and as the company reduced in size, so did its IT function.
Lane replaces the department's former CIO Alex Jones who joined electricity infrastructure and distributors Citipower, Powercor and United Energy in January. The move marks a return to utilities for Jones; prior to joining the Victorian Government he was CIO at energy retailer Synergy.
The Department of Economic Development, Jobs, Transport and Resources (DEDJTR) was established in 2015, its work supporting eight ministers and spanning 12 portfolios.
Operating across metropolitan, regional and international offices its focus is to drive economic development and job creation in Victoria.
It has more than 3500 staff throughout the state and oversees more than 40 statutory agency organisations, including public corporations, infrastructure development entities, asset management agencies, regulatory authorities and specialist boards.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
FILE - In this April 10, 2018, file photo, Democratic candidate for the Arizona 8th Congressional District special election, Dr. Hiral Tipirneni, left, talks with a supporter at a local restaurant in Sun City, Ariz. Tipirneni is running against former Arizona Republican state Sen. Debbie Lesko in a special election, Tuesday, April 24, to fill the seat vacated by Republican Rep. Trent Franks. Ross D. Franklin, File AP Photo
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, center, attends the weekly cabinet meeting at his office in Jerusalem on Jan. 29, 2017. Abir Sultan / Pool via AP
3. Will Trump condemn Israeli settlements in East Jerusalem as a barrier to the peace process, as Obama and Kerry did?
Trump is unlikely to bash Netanyahu's policies the way that the past administration did.
But the Israeli settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem weren't just considered a problem by the Palestinians or the Obama administration. In December, the United Nations passed a resolution strongly condemning Israel's settlements by a vote of 14-0, with the United States abstaining. This abstention by the U.S. angered Netanyahu and was
blasted by Trump.
4. What about Jared?
Trump has suggested that his
son-in-law, Jared Kushner, will play a big role in shaping American policy in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Kushner, who ran a real estate company before joining Trump's administration as a senior adviser, has never served in government or in a foreign affairs role in the private sector.
Trump views Kushner as a deal-maker in the president's own image and is hoping his son-in-law can bring new ideas to an intractable problem.
Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump. Lucas Jackson / Reuters file
5. What about Iran?
Netanyahu and Trump have spent the last two years bashing the deal Obama's team struck with Iran to limit its nuclear program. But that agreement will be difficult to unwind now that it's in place. Netanyahu and Trump are likely to continue their rhetoric against that deal and argue that Iran remains a threat to Israel's security. What's not clear is if Trump will actually dramatically change American policy toward Iran.
If you're waiting for bitcoin to slowly fade from the spotlight, keep waiting. Now that the cryptocurrency has taken another step into the mainstream with the CBOE offering bitcoin futures trading, the buzz is only going to keep building.
And, if one of bitcoin's biggest — and wealthiest — backers has it right in our call of the day, building buzz means a building valuation.
Cameron Winklevoss, half of the twins made famous by their role in Facebook's FB, +0.20% early years, told Bloomberg he believes bitcoin is a “gold disruptor” that could see 20-fold gains.
He bases his hugely bullish projection on a $6 trillion market value for gold GCG8, +0.06% explaining that investors appear to be warming up to the idea that bitcoin is more portable and divisible than the precious metal.
“We think it's just the beginning. We are definitely holders,” Winklevoss said. “We think we are in a good spot and ready for game time.”
If bitcoin does reach $300,000 and beyond, the Winklevoss brothers, already considered the first crypto billionaires, will get a lot closer to the net worth of their longtime nemesis, Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg.
Key market gauges
Yes, bitcoin BTCUSD, +12.86% is now trading on the futures market, after having made its highly-anticipated debut Sunday on the CBOE. So far, so good for the bitcoin faithful, as futures XBTF8, +0.00% got above $18,000, while the cryptocurrency itself BTCUSD, +12.86% has risen toward $17K.
Read: What you need to know about bitcoin futures
Meanwhile, the Dow DJIA, +0.09% is flat at the start and the S&P 500 SPX, +0.14% is up a bit. The Nasdaq COMP, +0.27% is also up. Across the pond, Europe SXXP, -0.06% has been mixed. Asia ADOW, +0.27% turned in strong gains, led by the Hang Seng HSI, +1.14% . Gold GCZ8, +0.11% is up, and crude CLZ8, +0.45% is in the red.
The chart
There's plenty for investors to worry about heading into 2018 — just scroll your news feed — but you wouldn't know it from how they're still eating up stocks.
Dana Lyons of J. Lyons Fund Management used data from the Federal Reserve to illustrate how U.S. households have more than 36% of their total financial assets wrapped up in equities.
In his blog post, “Everybody in the (stock market) pool,” Lyons pointed out that this is the highest percentage since — you guessed it — the days of the internet bubble.
“Perhaps not everyone is in the pool,” he says, “but it certainly is extremely crowded.”
Lyons says this percentage is one of his favorite measures, because “it provides an instructive representation of the longer-term backdrop — and potential — of the stock market” and also gives insight into investor psychology.
“Investment peaked with major tops in 1966, 1968, 1972, 2000 and 2007,” he says. “Of course, investment will rise merely with the appreciation of the market; however, we also observe disproportionate jumps in investment levels near tops as well.”
“It should not be lost on investors that we are at the second-highest level of stock investment ever, behind only the most speculative stock blowoff in U.S. history.”
The buzz
A device at the Port Authority bus terminal exploded this morning and there are reports of at least one injury — the suspected suicide bomber. It's messed up transport pretty good in parts of New York this morning, and no doubt left people on edge.
With the fate of Roy Moore hanging in the balance ahead of Tuesday's election in Alabama, NBC News anchor Megyn Kelly is slated to talk to three women who have accused President Trump of sexual misconduct. The interview airs at 9 a.m. Eastern.
Tomorrow in a #MegynTODAY exclusive: Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey & Rachel Cooks, three women who have publicly accused President Trump of sexual misconduct, sit down live with Megyn at 9am. — Megyn Kelly TODAY (@MegynTODAY) December 11, 2017
The California fires were reinvigorated by strong winds on Sunday, forcing new evacuations in two wealthy Santa Barbara County communities. Incredible images like this one, just keep pouring in as firefighters continue to fight the blazes.
Getty Images Firefighters monitor a section of the Thomas Fire along the 101 freeway.
Two major hospital operators — nonprofits Ascension and St. Joseph Health — are in talks about a possible merger that would create the largest U.S. hospital owner.
Buzzed-about new biotech Denali Therapeutics DNLI, -2.68% will have its second day of trading today.
The stat
54% — That's the percentage of Ron Paul Twitter followers who chose bitcoin as an investment for the next 10 years, easily beating out those opting for gold. As you can see, the dollar DXY, -0.17% certainly isn't a popular pick:
A wealthy person wants to gift you $10,000. You get to choose in which form you'll take the gift. But there's a catch: You must keep the gift in the form that you choose, and you can't touch it for 10 years.
In which form would you take the gift? — Ron Paul (@RonPaul) December 5, 2017
The quote
“If you think you could be really smart, you think you could get out, you think you could play it for six or eight months, then I can't argue about you being in stocks. It's still a greater fool theory bet. It's a bit of Ponzi investing type of bet. And, I think it's dangerous” — David Tice, in a recent interview with CNBC in which he called for cutting stocks and getting into gold next year.
The economy
Not much to be concerned with, economic data-wise, today, although we'll get the Jobs Openings and Labor Turnover Survey at 10 a.m. Eastern Time.
On Wednesday, we'll hear from the Federal Reserve about the next interest rate hike and also get a look at the consumer price index. A day later, November retail sales will be released.
See: Fed getting ready to hike as retail sales, but not inflation, picks up
And check out: Don't expect strong hiring to keep up in 2018
Random reads
Remember the backlash against 280 characters? Yeah, well, apparently Twitter TWTR, +3.93% knows better than you do.
Why is Switzerland so peaceful?
The #MeToo movement got the wrong guy.
This whole Cryptokitty thing is getting out of control.
We'd be better off ... if we never went to college.
In defense of drinking a dozen Diet Cokes a day.
This video has helped #ItGetsBetter gain traction on social media:
Heartbreaking video. This is what bullying does to kids. “People that are different don't need to get criticized about it. It's not their fault.” #itgetsbetter, we promise. pic.twitter.com/z3x7AVPhnT — Elizabeth Tulloch (@BitsieTulloch) December 10, 2017
Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern.
Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook.
JEDDAH: Millions of Yemeni children risk missing out on proper education due to the Houthi militias' refusal to pay the salaries of hundreds of thousands of schoolteachers in the rebel-controlled areas, the Yemeni government said on Monday.
“Of the more than 300,000 teachers in the country, over 130,00 in the rebel-held territory have not been paid salaries in months,” Yemeni Education Minister Abdullah Lamlas told Arab News.
“Since the government has decided to relocate the central bank from Sanaa to Aden, Houthi militias have been using the teachers as pawns, refusing to pay their salaries and thus undermining the entire education process and endangering the future of the new Yemeni generation,” he said.
He added that over the past two years, Houthi militias and forces loyal to ousted President Ali Abdullah Saleh have denied Yemen's children the right to education and placed them in harm's way by recruiting them by force.
He said the coup militias also changed the school curriculum to instill sectarian ideology into the students' minds.
“Houthis have deprived more than 2.5 million students of the right to education, in addition to shelling, raiding schools and turning them into military posts and weapons deposits. They destroyed more 1,700 schools since they have turned against the legitimate government,” said Lamlas.
He added that the Education Ministry is making efforts to develop a program to sustain a comprehensive rehabilitation of students.
The coup militias printed over 11,000 pamphlets carrying the views of their leader Hussain Al-Houthi and the group's slogans, which they distributed in schools controlled either by the militias or by forces loyal to Saleh, independent Yemeni sources reported.
Meanwhile, a UN report warned this month that the two years of war may have deprived an entire generation of Yemeni children of education, putting them at greater risk of early marriage, in case of girls, or of being recruited as child soldiers in a conflict that has killed at least 10,000 people.
Months of unpaid salaries have exacerbated the situation of over three-quarters of the country's impoverished teachers. It also means that up to 4.5 million children might not finish the school year, UNICEF representative for Yemen Mertixell Relano told a press conference on Monday in Sanaa.
“At the moment, we have more than 166,000 teachers in the country that have not received a salary since October last year. This is more or less 73 percent of the total number of teachers in the country,” Relano said. “Those children that are not in school, they are at risk of being recruited (for military service), or the girls might be at risk of being married earlier,” she stressed.
The crisis began last year when the internationally recognized government shifted Yemen's central bank out of Sanaa, which is controlled by the Houthis.
The government says the Houthis looted the bank and that it is trying to make all payments despite the Houthis obstructing transfers, a charge the group denies.
Seven months of salaries are in arrears, public sector employees in Houthi-controlled parts of the country say, making commuting to work and making ends meet difficult.
Associated Press
DICKSON, Tenn. — A Tennessee sheriff's deputy was fatally shot during a traffic stop Wednesday, and police were searching for a suspect believed to be “armed and dangerous,” authorities said.
Authorities identified the suspect as Steven Wiggins, a white male with balding brown hair.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted that it has placed Wiggins on its Top 10 Most Wanted list and is offering a reward of up to $2,500 for information leading to his arrest.
The agency also sent an alert about the suspect to cellphones in the area.
Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance Jr. personally duked it out with Facebook's lawyers in the state's highest court Tuesday — with the social media giant warning that the privacy of all 8 million New Yorkers is at stake if it is forced to comply with warrants from law enforcement.
Vance wants to be able to perform bulk seizures of Facebook users' private accounts as part of criminal investigations. The social network is fighting to block the move, calling it outrageous government overreach.
It was only the second time that Vance had personally delivered oral arguments before the Court of Appeals in his six-year tenure, underscoring the magnitude of the issue.
His predecessor, Robert Morgenthau, spoke before the court just once during his 34 years in office.
The case is being closely watched by both law enforcement and the tech industry to see whether the very definition of search and seizure may have to change for the digital age.
The case at hand centers on a 2014 filing by Facebook which contested Vance's bulk-search warrant demanding information on 381 of its users.
The targeted private accounts were linked to suspects in a major investigation into NYPD and FDNY Social Security scammers.
More than 100 people have already been convicted in the ruse. They claimed they were too sick to work in order to get the benefits — then posted photos of themselves on social media platforms like Facebook jet-skiing and sport-fishing.
“These were individuals who were faking lifestyles. They were claiming they couldn't leave the house, couldn't go bowling, couldn't see their families,” Vance argued before the Albany judicial panel.
He said the fraudsters' social-media accounts “give us an indication as to whether they were in fact disabled.”
The search warrants for social media posts, he added, are “really no different than if we issued a search warrant into someone's house and took books and records or a car or a safe deposit box.”
But Judge Jenny Rivera highlighted the concern expressed by Facebook — that the bulk warrant was an overly broad intrusion into citizens' personal lives.
Judge Rivera cited “the magnitude and the significant intimate details that become available with a keystroke.”
Vance countered that “law enforcement is always going to be bumping up against people's privacy, that is the nature of what we do in gathering evidence.”
Facebook lawyer Thomas Dupree Jr. retorted that “the DA's ultimate position in this case is chilling. Under his view he could seize the entire digital lives of everyone in New York City.”
Dupree added that the “voluminous number” of warrants, for 381 accounts, was “a major red flag.”
“No one has ever seen anything like it,” he said.
Two lower courts had signed off on Vance's warrant and a gag order that barred Facebook from telling its users about the probe.
Vance said the gag order was necessary to prevent the possibility that the suspects would have deleted the information.
He added that he has no plans to make public a sealed affidavit that details why he targeted the 381 Facebook users.
The six-judge panel will rule on the case in the coming weeks.
Authorities in Idaho were frantically searching for a 17-year-old boy who vanished Friday after his high school prom.
Orofino police were still searching for Kristian Perez on Monday. Perez apparently left the prom at about 9:30 p.m. and his family has not seen or heard from him since, KREM-TV reported.
Police confirmed that the teen had signed out of the prom at 9:32 p.m. He had gone to the event with a relative and his tuxedo jacket, one shoe and a broken cell phone were recovered near the vehicle.
Police said in a statement they obtained a search warrant to scour through Perez's call records and text messages to try and find out any information that could be useful in their search.
Police, using a K-9 officer, indicated he may have walked from where the prom was being held to a nearby parking lot along U.S. Highway 12 and got into a car.
Lewiston police confirmed they followed up on a possible sighting of Perez in the city, about 40 miles west of Orofino, but surveillance video showed it was not him, Orofino police said.
Nationals' No. 5 prospect Andrew Stevenson and Rockies' No. 8 prospect Ryan McMahon each collected five hits in Harrisburg's win over Hartford.
Almost 800 drivers have been caught by an average speed camera in the three months since its installation.
Figures released to the Leader by Freedom of Information request have revealed that since a £130,000 camera was installed on the A548 Sealand Road in April, 796 motorists have been identified as going beyond the 50mph speed limit.
The camera was installed on the busy road following a decade-long battle for increased road safety measures.
In a bid to curb the number of accidents on the stretch of road, the system operates over a four-kilometre stretch of the A548, from the existing 50mph speed limit east of Manor Road to the county boundary with Cheshire.
The scheme was the first of its kind to be installed in North Wales and was put in place in partnership by Flintshire Council and road safety organisation GoSafe.
Figures revealed to the Leader by North Wales Police identified that of the 796 drivers caught speeding, 158 have received a fixed penalty of £100 fine and three points on their licence.
A further 152 drivers have undergone a speed awareness course while 34 have been processed for court hearings.
Of the total caught, 32 were unable to be identified while 13 were discontinued.
Officers still have 407 cases yet to be processed.
Cllr Christine Jones was one of many to push for greater speed restraints on Sealand Road and was shocked by the figures released.
She said: “I knew it was a lot but that's immense.
“That proves that the camera was needed and that the campaign was necessary.
“It shows that if you speed, you will be prosecuted and this is what needs pointing out.
“The camera is there for a reason because of the tragedies we've had previously.”
Studies carried out by the local authority identified the majority of the accidents have been shown to be speed related.
The system measures average speeds over the route and fixed penalty notices will be issued if vehicles are found to be exceeding the speed limit along the route.
Cllr Jones added that as a regular user of the road, she had noticed a change in behaviour from some motorists since the camera's installation.
“I think people are behaving better now,” she said.
“You don't see people overtaking as much any more, which was a ridiculous and dangerous practise.
“Imagine how many people were speeding before this, it proves our campaign was correct.”
Adam Dandy, who runs Dandy's Topsoil business on Sealand Road, backed the camera's installation and was disappointed to learn of so many flouting the limit.
He said: “Just imagine how many people were speeding before the cameras were put up.
“Hopefully those caught since, will slow down on the road in future, making it safer and safer as time goes by.
“I am more convinced, now than ever, that these cameras will save numerous families from going through the grief and pain of losing a loved one in the future.”
When it comes to going to the Super Bowl or paying off debt, most Americans would choose the more boring — but financially smarter — option.
Some 81% of Americans who have credit-card debt said they'd rather pay their debt than attend the world's most-watched football game, which, including travel, could cost an estimated $11,500, according to the personal-finance website NerdWallet.
That's a savvy move. It would take 17 years to pay down that all-inclusive ticket by making minimum payments only, NerdWallet found. And if you bought a $3,000 entry-level Super Bowl ticket, it would take 11 years to pay off.
And for those who buy on the resale market, it would take even longer. Tickets to this year's Super Bowl on average cost $5,366 on the ticket resale site StubHub.
The cheapest ticket sold was for $2,350, in the upper corner of U.S. Bank USB, -0.97% stadium in Minneapolis, where the Philadelphia Eagles will face off against the New England Patriots. Some 13% of sales went to buyers in Pennsylvania, compared to 11% in Massachusetts, 10% in California and 8% in Minnesota, StubHub found.
Don't miss: Is it wrong to make $1,000 by credit-card hopping?
NerdWallet surveyed nearly 2,000 consumers in January who have credit-card debt and asked if they'd prefer an all-expenses paid trip to the Super Bowl, or if they'd rather use that amount of money to pay down their debt. The vast majority said they'd rather pay down their debt. Of those who said they'd rather go to the Super Bowl, 74% said they would like to go because it's a “once in a lifetime opportunity.”
There's good reason to focus on debt than splurging on a big sports event. Credit-card delinquencies, or late payments on debts, increased in 2017, according to the New York Federal Reserve. Americans now have the most outstanding revolving debt — often characterized as credit card debt — in U.S. history, according to the Federal Reserve. The collective debt is now more than $1 trillion.
Many Americans are coming to Super Bowl Sunday with a debt hangover from the holidays. Only half of shoppers who racked up an average of $1,054 in debt during this past Christmas season — an increase of 5% since 2016 — said they could pay that debt back within three months, and 29% said they'd need more than five months to pay it off.
A new wireless power system could help people avoid the inevitable jumbled mess of tangled cords and offer a more efficient way to charge electric vehicles on the go, according to a new study.
Researchers at Stanford University adapted a concept from quantum physics to produce a wireless charger that does something other wireless chargers cannot: automatically tune the frequency of the radio wave — the medium that transfers the power — to account for changes in the distance between the charging pad and the device. In an experiment, the team showed that its system transferred power with 100 percent efficiency up to about 27 inches (70 centimeters).
"The range is perfect for electric cars," Sid Assawaworrarit, a doctoral candidate in electrical engineering at Stanford University, told Live Science. "The floor of a car is about 20 centimeters [8 inches] away from the road's surface. You could embed the charging pad below the road surface." [Hyperloop, Jetpacks & More: 9 Futuristic Transit Ideas]
Assawaworrarit and his colleagues reported their research in a study published online today (June 14) in the journal Nature .
Although other wireless-charging devices, such as those for phones, already exist, the efficiency drops dramatically if the device is too close or too far away from the charger. This means a phone has to be placed on top of a charging pad to work best, and an electric car needs to be parked directly over a pad to recharge efficiently. As such, electronic devices are still tethered, albeit invisibly, to their power source, according to Assawaworrarit.
The problem lies in the design of these wireless power systems. They typically consist of a source, which is the charging pad, and a receiver, which could be a phone or an electric car.
In the source, radio waves of a certain frequency are generated to excite electrons in a coil of wire, called a resonant inductor. The receiver in the phone or electric car also has a resonant inductor made from a coil of wires. When the two inductors are put near each other, the energy gets coupled from the source to the receiver. In the receiver, a component called a rectifier converts the energy from the radio waves to usable electrical energy for the phone or the car.
Finding the optimal frequency for the radio waves depends on the sensitivity of the equipment, the distance between the source and receiver and their orientation to each other.
Once the optimal frequency is found, deviations to the variables used to set it, such as changing the distance between the source and receiver, reduces the transfer efficiency. Assawaworrarit said a tuning circuit can, in theory, be built to adjust the frequency, but the design is complicated and puts limitations on how fast the device can be moved in relationship to the charging pad.
Assawaworrarit and his team created a wireless power system that doesn't use a source for radio waves, nor does it require a tuning circuit. It also works even if the distance between the resonant coils fluctuates, the scientists said. [10 Technologies That Will Transform Your Life]
The researchers accomplished this by taking advantage of a concept from quantum mechanics called parity-time symmetry, or PT symmetry for short. Like other concepts from the field of quantum science, it's peculiar, but systems built from it have symmetrically arranged parts that either absorb electromagnetic energy or emit it.
In an accompanying analysis of the new study published in the journal Nature, Geoffroy Lerosey a research scientist at the Langevin Institute, The French National Center for Scientific Research (CNRS) and ESPCI Paris, wrote that parity-time symmetry can work to tune different wavelengths of light from a multimode laser into a single-mode laser.
Here, Assawaworrarit and his colleagues simplified the whole setup. They built a system that has a source and receiver, just like in conventional systems. But instead of using radio waves to excite electrons in the resonant inductor, they used an amplifier designed to amplify the electromagnetic energy in the coil. The receiver has a resonant inductor and rectifier, just like in conventional systems, the researchers said.
The physics behind PT symmetry automatically selects the operating frequency that will result in a maximum amount of energy being transferred. It accomplishes this within tens of microseconds and the system, in its present form, can accommodate distances to a little more than 3 feet (1 meter), limited by the use of near-field coupling, according to the study.
"Over a range of distances, the PT physics is such that the gains compensate for the losses," Assawaworrarit said.
Although the researchers tested their idea both in a computer simulation and in an experiment using an LED light bulb, it will take some time for such a device to reach consumers, they said.
In his review, Leroseynoted that the amplifier needs to be optimized, and he also questioned whether this concept will work if one coil is fixed and the other is moving, as would be the case with an electric car driving over a road embedded with charging pads.
"These questions need to be answered before this beautiful concept can have real-life applications," Lerosey wrote. "However, it already builds an inspiring bridge between the worlds of quantum physics and engineering."
Original article on Live Science.
PORTLAND, Maine — The second Zumwalt-class stealth destroyer has passed its sea test.
A statement from Naval Sea Systems Command says the future USS Michael Monsoor successfully completed its acceptance trials Thursday.
The Portland Press Herald reports the statement says onboard systems such as navigation, damage control, mechanical, combat, communication and propulsion met or exceeded specifications.
The 610-foot-long Monsoor headed out to sea for the first time in December. Its first sea trials were cut short because of equipment failures.
The Monsoor is the second built at Maine's Bath Iron Works in a class of three futuristic-looking ships that feature electric-drive propulsion, new radar and sonar, powerful guns and missiles and a stealthy shape.
The cost of the three Zumwalt-class destroyers is estimated at $22 billion, the most expensive Navy destroyers ever built.
——
Information from: Portland Press Herald, http://www.pressherald.com
ON a blue sky morning in Sydney, M sits on the terrace of a Glebe cafe fiddling with her coffee spoon while the 433 bus grinds to a stop across the road. A few passengers step off and head towards the sprawling University of Sydney campus down the street. M, from Sydney, is in her early 20s, with blonde hair and a gap between her two upper front teeth. She's around 5'7, wears a size 12 and loves young adult fantasy novels. On a busy night at the legal brothel where she works, M can take home $300-400. Like many who work in the sex industry M hasn't told her friends or family how she makes money. The sex industry was decriminalised in New South Wales in 1995, so there's no risk of arrest, but social stigma is ever present. She agreed to speak to me and introduce me to the girls she works with, on the condition she remains anonymous.
“I have to weave these elaborate lies with my parents so they don't figure out where I'm working,” she told me. Aside from New Zealand, the Australian state of New South Wales is the only place in the world where both the purchase and sale of sex without registration is not considered a criminal act. There are restrictions, such as not working near schools and in residential areas, but the consequences from the decision to decriminalise sex work have been remarkable. The rates of sexually transmitted infections are low, as are incidents of physical and sexual violence. In NSW sex work is a relatively safe and lucrative job option. Certainly, some women are forced into the sex trade even in places where it's been decriminalised. But many enter the industry willingly, and they have a variety of reasons for pursuing this line of work. M used her earnings to fund a costly degree, and she's far from the only student turning to sex work to make ends meet.
IN Australia an undergraduate degree can cost up to $10,000 a year in course fees. And that's for Commonwealth-supported degrees. On top of fees, a student living out of home can expect to have to find up to $615 to cover bills each week. (Sydney and Melbourne are in the top ten most expensive cities in the world). Accommodation: $300
Groceries, food and household products: $150
Utility bills: $45
Socialising and entertainment: $100
Public transport costs: $10
Study expenses such as printing, photocopying, stationery: $10 Plus one off costs such as new textbooks each semester ($300+), rental bond ($1000+), house appliances and furniture.
While studying M was also expected to fund expensive travel as part of her course, with trips costing up to $4000. “There are very few jobs that are flexible enough to make that possible,” she said. “It just so happens that sex work is a very lucrative job. As a uni student, when you have such heavy course work, what else do they expect you to do?” I studied for five years in Sydney, but I was lucky that my parents lived a 10 minute walk from my university, so I stayed at home for almost four of those years. Even so, I still didn't manage to save any money from various retail jobs.
IT'S difficult to determine how many students such as M work in the Australian sex industry, but a University of New South Wales report estimated there are just over 100 brothels within 20km of the Sydney CBD, employing a total of around 3000 workers. In Victoria and Queensland sex workers are required to register in order to work legally and in the other states and territories the industry remains illegal.
Twenty years after sex work was decriminalised, a NSW government inquiry confirmed the current system was in the best interests of the workers, clients and the general public. When I was in the penultimate year of my degree I met a girl named Alannah who lived in a beautiful house in an affluent Sydney suburb. She always seemed to have enough money to buy lunch and go out for drinks on the weekend. After a while she told me she gave hand jobs for money.
ONE night, I went with M to the inner Sydney brothel where she works. The girls, as the workers, mostly in their early 20s, refer to themselves, offer a service known as a rub and tug – providing naked massages and “hand relief” for clients. The brothel recently introduced the option for men to choose “full service” bookings (including sex) for a higher fee, but the majority of the girls only perform hand jobs. I'm told only about one in twenty men who come in are after the full service. From the outside the brothel is an inconspicuous brick building, and the only hint at the nature of the business within is a neon sign bearing the brothel's name. It's been in the same place for 20 years. The walls are pink, the leather couches brown and the spas baby blue. It's not tacky but rather welcoming and cozy. On a Tuesday night there are seven to 15 girls working. Potential clients enter and hang out in a lounge area. The girls walk past and introduce themselves one at a time. Some are in short party dresses, some in lingerie covered with a lacy robe, some in leotards. All wear high heels and makeup. On “Fantasy Thursdays” the girls dress up in costumes ranging from sexy Snow White to a sexy nurse. Groups arrive on Friday and Saturday nights; each client books a girl and they all party together in a spa. “Party spas are the most fun, because you're not just stuck with one guy in the spa for an hour,” one girl told me. “It's a bunch of guys, and a bunch of girls, we crack open the champagne, and it's usually pretty enjoyable.” When there are no clients the girls wait together. Some use the in-house computers to work on university assignments; others watch movies or read. They appear as a bunch of friends just hanging out. A few of the girls tell me that they started out working retail, but had to jag 25 hours a week just to cover rent and groceries, leaving them no time to actually study. Here, they can make at least $90 for a 75 minute booking. On busy nights, a girl can take home more than $400 for a six hour shift. And they can set their own working hours. But one girl tells me that sex workers need to have a strong character, because “it's something that can really break you”.
IN 1994 the Supreme Court of Victoria, in justifying a light sentence for the rape of a prostitute, upheld a precedent that a prostitute who is raped is much less likely to feel psychological trauma than a “chaste” woman who isn't involved in sex work. This sent a loud message: sex workers are to be treated differently.
Lucie Bee (a pseudonym) is an escort, porn star and activist for sex workers' rights who started in the industry five years ago when she was studying in Canberra, where sex work is still criminalised. One time, Bee said, she was invited to speak on a panel at her old university during Sex and Consent Week. The Facebook page for the event was flooded with messages from women shaming her, telling her she's ill-educated, a victim of anal rape and a puppet for the sex industry. Some even went as far as finding out her real name, threatening to “out” her publicly. “The fact I have a willingness to speak out about these things openly, without fear or shame, seems to really piss people off,” she told BuzzFeed. Many of the sex workers I spoke to don't reveal the nature of their work to friends, family or fellow students. They've spent years earning (expensive) degrees and don't want to threaten future job opportunities. Even where sex work is legal it attracts what UK based sex industry researcher Teela Sanders dubs “whorephobia.” She says this social stigma is one of the most harmful downsides of sex work because secrecy can distance workers from their friends and family, leaving them more vulnerable to the effects of stress. “It's isolating, when you're doing something that none of your friends do, or even know about,” Bee said. “Sometimes you can have a bad day, sometimes all your clients are just pricks... and you can't talk about it.” M has experienced this emotional isolation first hand. Even her sister, who works as a topless waitress, doesn't know she's doing sex work. She confided in a friend who considers herself a feminist, but was met with the statement that sex work is “so detrimental to women.”
“It was really hurtful at the time,” M said. “I'm happy to be a feminist and to work where I do. She can't tell me that the two don't mix, they definitely do.” Feminists are divided on whether sex work is demeaning or empowering. Those in the former group want to reverse decriminalisation, arguing that for true equality to exist all activities where women are considered a “man's object” or products to be sold or rented need to be eliminated. Those who support a woman's right to undertake sex work view it as a means with which to fight repression. They argue that it is much more acceptable for men to celebrate their sexuality and explore their bodies outside of marriage than it is for women, who are quickly labelled as “easy” or “whores”. By working in the sex industry, women are fighting this double standard while also capitalising on their bodies. Some of the girls I speak to talk about an increased assertiveness and self worth, but really, the key driver is cash. It's not about smashing the patriarchy by making money off hand jobs, it's about being able to pay all your bills and have enough money left over for a night out. Most can't understand the negativity they face for using their sexuality to make money. “[Men are] fine to go and parade their sexuality around as much as they want,” M said. “But God forbid a woman wear a short dress and make decisions about what she does with her body. Because women are choosing to be ‘objectified', that's why society isn't OK with it.”
NOT every man who visits M's workplace is there for sex or a hand job – some come back regularly, just to hang out. Some are single and looking for a new friend, while others find it difficult to talk through particular issues with their wife or partner.
Mark falls in the latter group. He's been seeing sex workers for 22 years after breaking up with a girlfriend in his early 30s. He claims he was too shy to meet a new partner through traditional means. Ever since, he's been going to brothels all over Sydney, making connections with different girls. Mark is in his fifties, and he's really old school – he enters wearing a khaki coloured suit, with a pink handkerchief in the breast pocket. M tells me that he tucks his singlet into his underwear. He stands up to meet the women and makes conversation with them rather than just saying a quick hello. He doesn't always want a hand job either, sometimes he just wants to sit in the spa and enjoy the company of a naked girl. He seems lonely. “I tell my married friends I come here and they get jealous,” he said. But, he added: “Girls who work here shouldn't tell anyone they do it... people will get the wrong idea.” There is, it seems, one rule for men and another for women. M believes this double standard also applies to men working in the sex industry. “Male strippers tell their families and friends what they do,” she said. “They can be open with it and be proud of it. It's never treated in the same way that female sex workers are.”
OVER coffee at the cafe M reflects on her introduction to the industry. She didn't think she had the right “look”.
“I had all these preconceptions about what girls who worked in that industry looked like, and it wasn't me,” she said. Even the most open-minded people stereotype the sex industry, which perpetuates the stigma, Bee said. “We're not at the point yet where sex work is seen just as work and sex workers are seen just as human beings.”
The decision by Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway to load up on Apple shares is making big news. But the billionaire investor also put money in four airline stocks.
A tailwind for airlines is that their high income tax rates might fall dramatically if President Donald Trump succeeds in cutting corporate tax rates.
In the fourth quarter, Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.B, +0.11% built a new stake of 43.2 million shares in Southwest Airlines Co. LUV, +3.91% while also adding to its holdings of American Airlines Group Inc. AAL, +2.68% Delta Air Lines Inc. DAL, +3.10% and United Continental Holdings Inc. UAL, +2.82% Most airlines are expected by analysts to post declining profits in 2017 as fuel prices rise. Industry profits are expected to be healthy in 2018, with those four airlines expected to generate double-digit increases in earnings per share.
Don't miss: 20 companies that have met a high bar this earnings season
Tax rates
FactSet estimates that the average effective income tax rate over the past 12 reported months for S&P 500 SPX, +0.10% member companies was 26.4%. The highest U.S. corporate tax rate is 35%, and, of course, many companies pay state and local income taxes as well. It is reasonable to argue that a reduction in the federal corporate tax rate will help some companies more than others, and airlines might be among the biggest beneficiaries.
We decided to broaden our review by looking at the nine airlines included in the S&P 1500 Composite Indexes, which is made up of the S&P 500, the S&P 400 Mid-Cap Index MID, +0.00% and the S&P Small-Cap 600 Index SML, +0.13%
Here they are, in alphabetical order, with their effective income tax rates:
(For SkyWest Inc. SKYW, +3.57% we are showing the effective income tax rate for 2015, because the company posted an operating loss for 2016.)
Trump has pledged to lower the corporate tax rate to 15%. He said Feb. 9 that his administration would be “announcing something I would say over the next two or three weeks” on corporate taxes that “will be phenomenal” for businesses.
Valuation
The S&P 1500 trades for 16.2 times consensus 2018 earnings estimates, according to FactSet, while the industrial sector of the index (which includes the airlines) trades for 16.8 times consensus 2018 estimates. Here's how the airlines stack up, by this measure, and how many analysts expect their earnings to grow in 2018:
It appears from these low forward price-to-earnings ratios that many investors still don't trust airlines, but the industry has been stable in recent years, as it has found new ways to make money and avoid cutthroat price competition, following decades of mergers, bankruptcies and other disruptions.
Erick Ormsby, the founder of Alcosta Capital Management, particularly favors Southwest Airlines because of the prospect that its high tax rate will fall, as well as 20% expected EPS increase in 2018 and its overall growth trajectory.
“You have a stable environment, relatively speaking, for an airline that is trading at 12 times earnings,” he said in an interview Feb. 14.
There's so much to see and do this season across the state so TourismOhio is providing a central location to find all of the places where fa…
Heard the one about the $5 million joke?
It goes something like this: “America's Got Talent” host Nick Cannon claims he was reprimanded – and not for the first time – by NBC because he said THIS on his recent comedy special…
“Y'all see me on the show man,” Cannon says. “Sometimes I wish I could say the stuff that I really want to say, that I be really thinking. ‘Cause y'all see my face on ‘America's Got Talent.' ”
“But I can't say that. I can't talk like that 'cause that'll mess up the white money.”
Related: Nick Cannon, Master P, Mark Cuban to Play NBA All-Star Celebrity Game
“I almost [expletive] it up too y'all, on the finale,” he continued on the Showtime special, “Stand Up, Don't Shoot.””Did y'all see that?! I wore a turban on that [expletive]. Awww yeah – it was all sparkly and [expletive]. We got all types of calls and complaints like, ‘Why is Nick Cannon dressed like Blanche from ‘The Golden Girls.'
“It is my constitutional right to dress like an old white lady if I want to!”
Afterwards, Cannon shared in a Facebook post that “this hurts tremendously… To be publicly reprimanded and ridiculed over a joke about my own race is completely wrong; and I have to do something about it.”
“Nick says he's not coming back,” said Ryan Cameron, which would mean the actor/rapper/comedian/entrepreneur would be passing on a reported $5 million salary. “NBC says, ‘Ehhhh be careful – because we have a deal.' ”
“Nick Cannon is a brand,” Ryan added in today's Ryan Report. “I just think when you're a brand you have to be very careful.”
A young fan is “doing OK” after she was hit in the face by a foul ball during the fifth inning of an 11-3 Yankees win over the Twins on Wednesday in the Bronx.
Joe Girardi gave the positive update after the game, saying he had heard from Stadium security.
The game was delayed for nearly four minutes after a Todd Frazier line drive drilled the female fan in the stands just beyond the third-base dugout. The fan was carried from the stands and then taken to Columbia Presbyterian Hospital, according to a source.
Frazier immediately put his hand to his mouth and went to one knee, and other players were visibly shaken by the injury, with Frazier bent down on one knee for much of the stoppage and Matt Holliday, at second base, teary-eyed with the Yankees leading the game 9-3.
Frazier flied out to center later in the at-bat.
In a statement released by the team, the Yankees said “the child who was struck with a batted ball today was given first aid at the ballpark and is receiving medical attention at an area hospital” and declined further comment, citing HIPAA laws.
It's not the first time this season a spectator has been injured at Yankee Stadium.
An Aaron Judge foul ball hit a male fan in July, leaving him needing medical attention, and in May, a young boy was hit in the head by a Chris Carter broken bat and left bloodied, and a source said the team would continue to look into installing extra netting.
The decision to increase netting is up to individual teams. The Mets extended the netting down the first- and third-base lines following the All-Star break this season.
The Yankees don't play at home again until Monday against the Royals.
In addition to Citi Field, Atlanta, Houston, Kansas City, Minnesota, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, St. Louis, Texas and Washington have extended netting.
Major League Baseball sent out a memo prior to the 2016 season “encouraging” teams to have “netting that shields from line-drive foul balls all field-level seats that are located between the near ends of both dugouts (i.e., the ends of the dugouts located closest to home plate, inclusive of any adjacent camera wells) and within 70 feet of home plate.”
KUALA LUMPUR - Two men suspected of gunning down a Palestinian lecturer in Kuala Lumpur were still in the country, police said on Wednesday, as they released a fresh image of one of the men.
Two men on a high-powered motorcycle fired at least 14 shots at Fadi al-Batsh, an engineering lecturer, outside his apartment building on Saturday, killing him on the spot.
A Related Video You May Like:
A Kawasaki motorcycle was found abandoned near a lake about nine minutes from the scene, from which police were able to trace a photo of one of the suspects, Inspector-General of Police Mohamad Fuzi Harun told reporters.The suspects were believed to have entered Malaysia sometime in late January, but it was not known what nationalities they were or where they had traveled from, said Mohamad Fuzi."We believe the suspects are still in the country," he said."We have yet to identify them, but we suspect that they used fake identification either when entering the country or when they were here."Authorities had originally released computer-generated photographs of the suspects, who witnesses described as well-built and light-skinned, possibly Middle Eastern or European.A new photo of one of the suspects shows a light-skinned man with dark, wavy hair and a prominent goatee.Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said on Saturday the suspects were believed to be Europeans with links to a foreign intelligence agency.Hamas, an Islamist militant group that rules the Gaza Strip, have accused Israel's Mossad spy agency of assassinating Batsh , who they say was a member of their group. Israel dismissed the charge.Israel dismisses suggestions it killed Palestinian in Malaysia, April 23, 2018 (Reuters)Mohamad Fuzi said the killing appeared "very professionally done", but declined to comment on reports it was a Mossad operation or that it was carried out by trained assassins.Batsh was a lecturer at Universiti Kuala Lumpur, specializing in power engineering, according to the university.Batsh's body will be returned to Gaza via Cairo, Egypt on Wednesday evening, after a funeral ceremony in Kuala Lumpur, Palestinian ambassador to Malaysia Anwar Al Agha told Reuters.Mossad has been accused of several high-profile killings involving Palestinians around the world, although Israel has consistently denied the accusations.
The retirement of Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing marks another milestone in a vast wealth transfer now underway from a scrappy generation of Chinese empire builders to their heirs.
Li, Hong Kong's richest man, announced on March 16 that he'll step down as chairman of CK Hutchison Holdings Ltd. and CK Asset Holdings Ltd., making way for his eldest son, Victor Li.
While Li Ka-shing was dubbed “Superman” in the local media for his magic touch and has been lionized over the decades, his son may be judged harshly if he doesn't live up to public expectations.
“The second generation always has a lot of pressure,” said Kevin Au, director of the Center for Family Business at the Chinese University of Hong Kong. “Compared to their fathers, they're always being looked down upon by public and by business partners,” he said. “Their fathers are heroes.”
Here's a snapshot of five of Hong Kong's most important business families that have passed the baton, or will soon, to the next generation.
The Li Family
Li Ka-shing Photographer: Anthony Kwan/Bloomberg
Founder: Li Ka-shing, 89, was born in 1928 and moved from Guangdong to Hong Kong during World War II. Starting from a company making plastic flowers, Li built a global empire in ports, property, telecoms, energy, retail and other businesses. Li said in 2012 that his eldest son Victor Li would be his successor, yet it took about six years for the tycoon to relinquish managerial control of flagship CK Hutchison and other Li-controlled companies. Victor Li Photographer: Anthony Kwan/Bloomberg
Heir: Victor Li, a 53-year-old Stanford-trained engineer, has been groomed for decades to take over the family business. In 1996, after Victor was kidnapped, Li Ka-shing paid a ransom of HK$1 billion to a gang led by “Big Spender” Cheung Tze-keung, according to reports in the South China Morning Post and other media. “A father would never give a son a perfect score,” the elder Li told reporters in January 2018 when asked about his son's performance, “but Victor has 90 points out of 100.”
The Lee Family
Lee Shau Kee Photographer: Jerome Favre/Bloomberg
Founder: Lee Shau Kee, 90, was born in Guangdong and immigrated to Hong Kong in 1948 during the civil war between China's Communists and Nationalists. A co-founder of Sun Hung Kai Properties Ltd., he left in 1973 and founded Henderson Land Development Co. In 2014, he told the South China Morning Post he would " gradually" retire but did not have a specific date in mind. From left, Martin Lee, Lee Shau Kee, and Peter Lee. Photographer: Paul Yeung/Bloomberg
Sun Hung Kai Properties Ltd., he left in 1973 and founded Henderson Land Development Co. In 2014, he told the South China Morning Post he would " gradually" retire but did not have a specific date in mind. Heir: The elder Lee has yet to designate one. His son Peter Lee is co-vice chairman of Henderson Land. As chairman and president of Henderson China Holdings Ltd., Peter is the family point person for developing its mainland business. He shares the co-vice chairman role with his brother, Martin Lee, who's also chairman and managing director of Henderson Investment Ltd. and chairman and CEO of Miramar Hotel & Investment Co.
The Cheng Family
Cheng Yu-tung Photographer: Aaron Tam/AFP via Getty Images
Founder: Cheng Yu-tung was born in 1925 in Guangdong. He fled war-torn China for Macau, finding a job in a gold shop and later marrying the boss's daughter. After the war, he moved to Hong Kong, where he founded New World Development Co. in 1970. Under his leadership, New World built Hong Kong landmarks such as the convention center that was the site of the city's 1997 handover to Chinese rule. He took Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Ltd. public in 2011 and announced his retirement the next year. When he died in 2016, he was Hong Kong's third-richest tycoon. Henry Cheng Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg
Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Ltd. public in 2011 and announced his retirement the next year. When he died in 2016, he was Hong Kong's third-richest tycoon. Heir 1: Henry Cheng, son of Cheng Yu-tung, was born in Hong Kong in 1946. After taking over in the late 1980s, he led the acquisition of the Ramada hotel chain. After a partnership with Donald Trump soured, Trump unsuccessfully sued him in 2005 over the proposed $1.8 billion sale of riverfront property in Manhattan. Cheng went on leave last year for several months because of an unspecified illness. Adrian and Sonia Cheng. Photographers: Calvin Sit and Daniel J. Groshong/Bloomberg
Henry Cheng, son of Cheng Yu-tung, was born in Hong Kong in 1946. After taking over in the late 1980s, he led the acquisition of the Ramada hotel chain. After a partnership with Donald Trump soured, Trump unsuccessfully sued him in 2005 over the proposed $1.8 billion sale of riverfront property in Manhattan. Cheng went on leave last year for several months because of an unspecified illness. Heir 2: Next in line is Henry's son Adrian Cheng, who became New World's vice-chairman last year. He received his bachelor's degree from Harvard in 2002 and is founder of an art-themed property developer and a foundation to support emerging artists. His sister Sonia Cheng, also a Harvard graduate, is chairman of New World Hotel Management Ltd. and runs the Cheng-controlled company that manages properties including the Carlyle in New York and Hotel de Crillon in Paris.
The Kwok Family
From left: Raymond, Walter, and Thomas Kwok. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg
Founder: Kwok Tak-seng, a grocery wholesaler from Guangdong, immigrated to Hong Kong after the war and co-founded Sun Hung Kai Properties Ltd. in 1963. Another co-founder was Lee Shau Kee, who later left to start rival Henderson Land. Kwok died in 1990. Adam Kwok Photographer: Justin Chin/Bloomberg
Sun Hung Kai Properties Ltd. in 1963. Another co-founder was Lee Shau Kee, who later left to start rival Henderson Land. Kwok died in 1990. Heir 1: The patriarch's son Walter Kwok, who was kidnapped in 1996 by the same gang leader who abducted Victor Li, ran Sun Hung Kai until 2008, when a family squabble led to his ouster. Current chairman Raymond Kwok, 64, was acquitted in a 2014 corruption trial that led to the conviction of his brother, former co-chairman Thomas Kwok, who was sentenced to five years in prison.
sentenced to five years in prison. Heir 2: Adam Kwok, an alumnus of Stanford University and Harvard Business School and son of Thomas, is a board member. So, too, is Raymond's son Christopher Kwok, who graduated from Harvard College and Stanford Graduate School of Business.
The Pao/Woo Family
Y.K. Pao Source: South China Morning Post
Founder: Y.K. Pao was born in the eastern Chinese city of Ningbo in 1918. After fleeing to Hong Kong around the time of the Communist victory in China's civil war, he built a successful shipping company, gained control of two British trading houses and expanded into property. He retired in 1986 and died in 1991. Peter Woo, front, and his son Douglas Woo. Photographer: Imaginechina via AP Images
retired in 1986 and died in 1991. Heir 1 : Peter Woo, Pao's son-in-law, was born in Shanghai in 1946. He took over management of Wheelock & Co. and Wharf Holdings Ltd. after Pao's retirement and expanded into cable TV, telecommunications and broadband internet. He made a foray into politics with an unsuccessful campaign to become Hong Kong's first chief executive after the 1997 resumption of Chinese rule. He retired as Wheelock chairman in 2013 and is now officially the company's owner/senior counsel.
Heir 2: Wheelock chairman Douglas Woo, Peter's son, studied architecture at Princeton University and worked as an analyst at UBS Group AG before joining Wheelock in 2005. On March 9, Wheelock announced plans to buy a 7,318-square-meter site around Hong Kong's old airport from troubled Chinese conglomerate HNA Group Co.
— With assistance by Frederik Balfour
ANAHEIM, Calif. — A ninth-inning challenge that went their way gave the Yankees a final chance to make amends for Michael Pineda flushing a four-run lead presented to him in the first inning.
And the chance happened to bring Aaron Judge to the plate with Aaron Hicks on second base and the Yankees trailing the Angels by two runs with two outs.
Initially, Hicks fly ball to right field was ruled the third out of the game and the Angels beginning knocking fists together on the field believing they had won. The call on the field was changed and Hicks had a double and the Yankees had life.
Judge, however, had a different mindset.
“I stay locked in until the umpires get off the field,'' Judge said. “That's the situation you want to be in, that's what you live for.''
One pitch later Judge grounded out and the Yankees packed a 7-5 loss in front of 43,851 at Angel Field into the duffel bags headed for Oakland and four games against the A's.
When the Yankees arrived in Southern California they were riding a six-game winning streak and stretched it to seven Monday. When they left Orange County the Yankees had dropped two of three to the Angels and had their AL East lead over the Red Sox slashed to two games.
“We had a chance to win every game,'' manager Joe Girardi said of his 38-25 club that will be without CC Sabathia for a while as he recovers from a Grade 2 left hamstring strain.
When Gary Sanchez slugged a three-run home run in the first inning to highlight a four-run frame Pineda's chances of pitching the Yankees to a victory were high.
Three innings later the Angels were leading, 5-4.
“The first three innings the location wasn't there,'' said Pineda, who gave up a run in the first and two each in the second and third. “Tonight was a really tough night for me.''
It would have been more than one in the opening inning had Hicks not robbed Luis Valbuena of a grand slam by reaching over the center-field wall to make a catch.
Chase Headley's RBI single in the sixth tied the score, 5-5, but when Pineda split after six frames Girardi had nobody to turn to but Ronald Herrera, a right-hander elevated earlier in the day from Trenton (Double-A) and making his first big league outing because the manager said before the game the bullpen was fried.
Herrera needed two pitches to retired Albert Pujols and Yunel Escobar but walked Valbuena and watched a 79-mile curveball to Andrelton Simmons splash down in the left-field seats for what turned out to be a game-winning homer.
“I was trying to get a strike and was surprised he made such good contact with it,'' Herrera said.
Before making the final out Judge had a chance to give the Yankees a lead in the seventh when he came to the plate with Brett Gardner on second and Hicks on first via singles and no outs. A sinking line drive to left was gloved by Eric Young, Jr. for the first out and Matt Holliday popped up and Starlin Castro whiffed.
“You can only tip your cap,'' Judge said of the Young's grab. “I wanted it to get down and score [a run].''
It didn't get down early enough and provided with a second life thanks to replay the Yankees didn't cash in on that, either.
Former heroin addict talks about low point, rehab
Prescription drugs ─ the changing face of addiction
Intelligence officials confident Russians behind election attacks
2:23
Most of us easily drop $100 at the grocery store each week, and, for parents with kids in the house, that number skyrockets to more than $160 per week.
Cutting spending at the grocery store could be one of the most important ways to save money for your family. And there's good news on that front: You don't have to spend hours clipping coupons to get hundreds of dollars in savings each year. Avoid these grocery-shopping mistakes, and you'll automatically save at the store, without having to really think about it.
Mistake No. 1: You think you're getting fresh produce — when you're not
Some fruits and vegetables, like the apples, potatoes and other items lining the produce aisles of your grocery store, seem bright and fresh, but they're often not. A study by branding expert Martin Lindstrom found that the average apple in the grocery store was 14 months old. How can that be? Fruit is often picked and then immediately put into cold storage for months until stores need it; it's then brought out and put on the produce shelf to look like fresh-picked produce, and priced accordingly.
To avoid this, buy what's local and in season because those items are far less likely to have met the cold-storage fate. If you want an item that isn't in season or local, consider buying it frozen. You'll save a bunch by doing so.
The National Grocers Association, a national trade association of nearly 1,400 independent retail and wholesale grocers, notes that independent grocery stores “share a bond of trust with their customers and carrying a selection of fresh, high quality food items is of surpassing importance.” It adds that “independent supermarket operators are in a unique position to capitalize on this through the relationships they have with local producers in their communities.”
Estimated average savings: $50 per year.
Mistake No. 2: You don't put the butcher to work
It may not be a surprise that it's almost always cheaper to buy a large hunk of meat — be it a flank steak or a chuck roast — than it is to buy the item pre-cut. But here's what many people don't know and don't do: Buy that large hunk of meat and then ask the butcher to cut it, grind it or de-bone it for you. The people working behind the meat counter are almost always willing to do this for you, you're getting the same meat as if you'd bought it pre-cut, and it can save you 30% or more.
Estimated average savings: $50 per year.
Mistake No. 3: You don't hit up different departments in the store
The same item may be priced differently even within the same store at the same time, as MarketWatch has previously reported. You can't assume you'll pay the same price for items — especially things like nuts and cheese — on offer at the same time in the same store. For example, buying cheese in the dairy, deli or cheese specialty section can result in you paying prices that vary by up to 50%, with the specialty cheese department likely the priciest of all, followed by the deli department.
The reason: Different departments in the store have different overhead costs. The deli and specialty cheese departments have more staff to pay typically, so they may price identical items differently.
Estimated average savings: $50 per year.
Center Street Catey Hill is the author of ‘The 30-Minute Money Plan for Moms: How to Maximize Your Family Budget in Minimal Time' and deputy editor of Moneyish, a Dow Jones Media Group site.
Mistake No. 4: You shop in the wrong direction
Shop left. Some grocery stores are designed so that you enter toward the right and then go counterclockwise around the store buying items. The reason: Most of us are right-handed, and we grab more with our right hand than our left, so this design lures us into spending more. Buck that trend by shopping the opposite way (in other words, go left).
Estimated average savings: $100 per year.
Mistake No. 5: You shop too often
The less often you grocery shop, the less you spend, studies show. The average household makes 1.6 trips a week, so cut down your trips to the store. You can make a once-a-week trip count.
While the most popular day to shop, not surprisingly, is Saturday, you'll likely get a better selection and can best take advantage of sales if you shop on a Tuesday or Wednesday. You can just show up — and, of course, already be a member of the store's loyalty program — and take advantage of the sales then; no pre-hunting for coupons required. The reason: Many stores start their weekly discounts and promotions on one of these two days, so shopping then lets you take advantage of the items before they run out. To save even more, leave the kids at home. Studies show that shopping with other people ups your spending.
Estimated average savings: $150 per year.
Mistake No. 6: You're obsessed with organic
The Environmental Working Group analyzes which foods have the most and least pesticides, which can help you figure out what's worth buying organic and what's not. In 2017, they listed foods with the least pesticides (and thus those that you can more safely buy as nonorganic).
Produce with the least pesticides: asparagus, avocados, cabbage, cantaloupe, cauliflower, sweet corn, eggplant, honeydew melon, kiwis, mangoes, onions, papayas, pineapples, frozen sweet peas and grapefruit. On the flip side, “more than 98% of samples of strawberries, spinach, peaches, nectarines, cherries and apples tested positive for residue of at least one pesticide.”
Estimated average savings: $75 per year.
Mistake No. 7: You don't listen to your favorite tunes
Ever noticed how many grocery stores play elevator music? That may be on purpose. Studies show that slow music slows down shoppers, who then buy more. Plus, they place end-of-aisle displays throughout the store to keep you dawdling. Stop falling for those tricks! Pop in headphones with peppy music — Beyoncé does the trick for me — pull out your grocery list, organized by aisle so you don't have to double back (an app like Grocery IQ may help), and start stopping quickly. Added bonus: You may burn a few calories.
Estimated average savings: $50 per year
(The article is an adapted excerpted from The 30-Minute Money Plan for Moms: How to Maximize Your Family Budget in Minimal Time by Catey Hill. Copyright, 2018. Used with permission from Center Street, a division of Hachette Book Group Inc.)
DAYTON/PIQUA, Ohio (WDTN) – Commercial truck drivers across the country are preparing for a new mandate.
They have to switch from paper logging to electronic by December 18th.
The congressional mandate was made in 2015 and the deadline is less than a week away to be in compliance.
“It's all about safety I think. The paper logs vs the E-log, it's about safety and making sure they are in compliance,” said Kimberly Kagley, the Owner of Drivers Edge CDL Training in Piqua.
Kagley drove trucks for twenty years.
She's a teacher now and will have to teach some basics of the new technology going into trucks nationwide.
“It's a computer that is attached to the truck. It's going to know when you start, stop at all times. It can be a benefit to the driver,” said Kagley.
Not everyone sees the benefit.
Ron Bowers of Bowers Trucking says the system will throw up unnecessary red flags.
“The computer is going to come up with all kinds of violations. Your company is going threaten to fire you. But on paper, you can go home and nothing ever happens,” said Bowers.
Bowers and many other truckers are concerned that the system will cut their hours.
The ELD system runs 14-hour shifts and drivers can only be on the road for 11.
Time that wont stop for breaks, accidents and other factors that slow truckers down.
The average ELD system can cost nearly 1,000 dollars.
“Now, not only do I have to buy that. Like your phone service, I have to pay a monthly service fee,” said Bowers.
The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration says the rule is expected to save 25 lives a year and prevent 500 people from being injured.
They say ditching paper could save the industry millions.
“You are eliminating someone's job. I got girls in the office that go through the logs and It's how they make a living,” said Bowers.
Bowers has a small fleet and believes this could make life harder for business like his. He estimates that some smaller trucking companies will be forced to sell their businesses to larger companies.
Earlier this month 47-states including Ohio had protests against electronic logging.
Some senators are asking for the deadline to be extended.
Octogenarian 'Black Widow' is out of prison and on the prowl Lonely Canadian grandpas, beware — the Great White North's most dangerous octogenarian is back on the streets. Police are warning elderly men to be careful now that Melissa Ann Shepard...
‘Black Widow' charged after 6 lovers die Japanese prosecutors have charged a 68-year-old woman with murder, weeks after police arrested her on suspicion of poisoning her latest husband, one of six men who died while in a...
India's flagship government initiatives have barely spent any of the money allocated to them, a parliamentary committee has reported, raising questions about the on-the-ground implementation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's most high profile national programs.
Although India's government insists the figures are wrong, a report from the parliamentary standing committee on urban development said Modi's six top infrastructure initiatives spent on average just 21 percent, or $1.2 billion, of the $5.6 billion allocated.
India's " Smart Cities" program, which Modi has championed, used just 1.8 percent of the funds released to it, the committee said, or just $28 million of a dedicated $1.5 billion. Other programs to build affordable housing, as well as sewage and drainage facilities, used less than 30 percent of the available funds, the report said.
The central government releases funds to India's states to roll out the initiatives, but the committee said India's Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs had "not made realistic projections or proper planning." Despite the ambitious-sounding goals of some of the programs -- such as providing "housing for all," or ending " open defecation" across India -- they suffer from a lack of proper funding, as well as "slack implementation," the committee said.
"They're coming up with all these grand schemes," Pinaki Misra, an opposition lawmaker from a regional party and chair of the standing committee, said in an interview. "Too much has been promised, by way of too many projects, with too many fancy acronyms, that haven't really been thought through."
Official Spending
The government rejects that view. The small spending amounts in the report don't accurately reflect construction work being done, said Rajeev Jain, a spokesman for the housing and urban affairs ministry.
Funds are only considered officially spent once all the work is completed and project managers have sent back "utilization certificates" proving they have spent the cash, Jain said, adding project managers have up to two years to do so, leading to delays.
"It's not a barometer of the implementation of the project," Jain said. "The payment to a company that is implementing a project is only made when the work is completely over."
So far, $3.7 billion worth of projects have been "completed or started," Jain said.
‘Meager Funds'
Misra, who leads the urban affairs standing committee, said the ministry was "trotting out the usual excuses" by blaming bureaucratic delays in accounting for spent funds.
"It's an age-old gambit when the center doesn't want to release funds because they don't have funds," he said.
Initiative Purpose Funds released Funds spent Swachh Bharat, or Clean India Promotes clean streets and toilet-construction to end "open defecation" $899 million $341 million Smart Cities City improvement projects $1.5 billion $27.9 million Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT) Upgrading water, sewer, drainage infrastructure $1.3 billion $381 million Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana - Housing for all Affordable housing for the poor $1.5 billion $319 million Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana - National Urban Livelihoods Mission Skills training for urban poor $233 million $130 million Heritage City Development and Augmentation Yojana Conservation of heritage cities $38 million $5 million
The parliamentary report warns that Modi's "well-meaning" projects "will remain a distant dream" if they receive only "meager" funds.
In India, where the central government must cooperate with the states, "national transformative projects" such as Modi's smart cities and Clean India initiatives will take time to implement, said Jaijit Bhattacharya, a consultant and adjunct professor at the Indian Institute of Technology Delhi.
The smart cities program involved a competition supported by Bloomberg Philanthropies, which was started by Michael R. Bloomberg, founder of Bloomberg News parent Bloomberg LP.
"One cannot pass a diktat forcing people to use toilets. It has to be through persuasion, and that takes time," Bhattacharya said. "However, it is also important that the government machinery actually implements the projects in an honest manner. It is too early to note whether the projects are getting implemented appropriately."
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
Lourdes Lopez is a Artistic Director of Miami City Ballet and former Principal Dancer of New York City Ballet. Courtesy: Alberto Oviedo
Lourdes Lopez was already a serious dance student at the prestigious School of American Ballet before she realized she could pursue a career in the art form she loved. It was while preparing a school report on what she wanted to be when she grew up that she found an article on famed New York City Ballet dancer Jacques d'Amboise.
“Until I read that article, I never believed that I could actually do what I do for a living,” remembers Lopez. “I don't think we deliver the message as a nation that you can support yourself as an artist.”
Not only would she become a principal for the New York City Ballet , where she worked with legendary choreographers George Balanchine and Jerome Robbins, it also led to a varied post-ballet career. Lopez was still with the company when she was offered a job as a cultural reporter for WNBC-TV in New York. She took a leave of absence which became permanent in 1997. “No one dances forever,” says Lourdes.
Lopez went on to serve on the faculties of New York's Ballet Academy East and Barnard College, became the executive director of the George Balanchine Foundation, and co-founded Morphoses, a contemporary dance company, with Christopher Wheeldon. Now Lopez is the artistic director of the acclaimed Miami City Ballet since taking over for its founding director in 2012. She's made it one of her missions to ensure that all south Florida school children can see a future for themselves in the arts.
Lopez understands what they're up against. Born in Cuba, Lourdes emigrated with her family to the United States in 1959 and started dancing at the age of five. A Ford Foundation scholarship made it possible to study dance in New York City full time.
Miami City Ballet Artistic Director, Lourdes Lopez, coaching dancers. Courtesy: Daniel Azoulay
“I never thought I could do what I was doing, there was always something that I had to be better at when I was dancing,” admits Lopez. “One of the things that I love about dancing is that it's never perfect and you're constantly trying to achieve this goal.”
The rigorous world of ballet prepared her well to lead a company as dynamic and diverse as the Miami City Ballet. Though she's one of the few women to hold the top position in a national ballet company, she keeps this singular achievement in context.
“I don't get up in the morning and say, I'm one of the few female, or Hispanic artistic directors,” says Lopez. “I get up and I think, what can I do to make Miami City Ballet better, to make the school better, what can I do today to make the community identify with us?”
Lopez made the company's outreach efforts a top priority. Under her direction, MCB's Ballet for Young People program offers low-cost and free performances for school groups. This December, MCB will bring 2,200 students to their new production of the Nutcracker designed by the acclaimed Rubén and Isabel Toledo.
Not content to leaving schoolchildren in the audience, Lopez spearheaded MCB's Ballet Bus initiative, now in its second year. The program not only offers children from underserved communities and Title 1 district schools full tuition to the study at the MCB school, but provides the required dance gear, transportation to classes, and on-site counseling. Of the thirteen who enrolled in the program's inaugural year, nine earned spots in the company's Nutcracker last season.
Lopez uses a decidedly un-ballet like baseball metaphor to describe the ripple effect she hopes dancing professionally from a young age will have on her students . “Once you're behind that pitcher's mound, you're pulled into the game,” says Lopez.
It's a game that Lopez is determined to win. “It's about providing the accessibility and the opportunity,” says Lopez. “That's our responsibility and then all of a sudden there's diversity in the art form.”
Miami City Ballet Artistic Director, Lourdes Lopez, coaches dancers. Courtesy: Daniel Azoulay
What is your guilty Latino pleasure?
It's a café con leche, a little bit of strong coffee with tons of warm milk and 3 to 4 teaspoons of sugar, I really have coffee with my milk and sugar. You can't feel guilty, pleasures are pleasures.
What's the best piece of advice someone ever gave you?
It was given to me by George Balanchine, my teacher, my mentor. It was a ballet that he gave me very young, an important role in a Violin Concerto. He created it in 1972 and he gave it to me in 1981 and only the originator had danced it.
He never came to any rehearsals, I think he knew I'd be terrified. Right before the performance I went up to him and said I had no idea what to do with this role. He looked at me and said, “Dear, just be Lourdes.”
At the time, I walked away and thought, you must be kidding me? But it was many years later when I realized what he meant, which are you are the only original. There's no one like you...That's a very empowering thing. It kind of frees you in a way. I do have moments of insecurity. In the end I have to realize, I can be Lourdes, because then it's always true to me.
Twitter: @Lourdi5258
Twitter: @MiamiCityBallet
Instagram: @lourdesmcb
Instagram: @miamicityballet
Facebook: facebook.com/miamicityballet/
The #NBCLatino20 honors achievers who are making our communities and our nation better. Follow their fascinating stories throughout Hispanic Heritage Month.
Follow NBC Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
by Cascade Policy Institute
By John A. Charles, Jr.
On Friday, Dec. 1, the Republican-controlled Senate passed a 479-page tax reform bill in the dark of night without holding any public hearings.
Moreover, the bill itself was not in final form during the floor debate. The legislation was amended on the fly with handwritten changes. The only way to know what the Senate did was to read the bill after it had been voted on.
The same tactic was used by Democrats in 2016, when the Oregon Legislature passed a complex energy bill that was drafted behind closed doors and passed with almost no public input, in the space of three weeks. Not a single legislator understood what the bill actually would do because many sections, including those dealing with billions of dollars of utility assets, were never discussed.
This kind of behavior is a disgrace. The process is more important than any particular bill. If we tolerate mob rule just because “our team” is in charge, it guarantees that we will be treated the same way when the “other team” has power.
Federal tax reform has been needed for decades. There is no crisis. Congress should slow down, invite public input, and make sure the legislation is actually worth passing.
John A. Charles, Jr. is President and CEO of Cascade Policy Institute, Oregon's free market public policy research organization.
NAIROBI - The world's last male northern white rhino has died, the Kenyan conservancy taking care of it said, leaving only two females of its subspecies alive in the world. Ol Pejeta Conservancy said in a statement it had made the decision with wildlife officials and his previous carers to euthanize on Monday the 45-year-old rhino, named Sudan, due to the rapid deterioration in his condition.
Sudan was being treated for age-related complications that had affected his muscles and bones and also gave him extensive skin wounds.
The rhino had spent two weeks in late February and early March lying in his pen due to discomfort from a deep wound on his right hind leg.
"His condition worsened significantly in the last 24 hours; he was unable to stand up and was suffering a great deal," Ol Pejeta said. "The veterinary team from the Dver Kralove Zoo, Ol Pejeta and Kenya Wildlife Service made the decision to euthanize him."
Sudan had previously lived at the Dver Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic before being transported to Ol Pejeta Conservancy, about 250 km (155 miles) north of Nairobi, where he lived with the last two females of the same species, 27-year old Najin and 17-year old Fatu.
After all attempts at getting him to mate naturally failed, conservationists last year put Sudan on dating app Tinder, hoping to raise enough money to pay for a $9 million fertility treatment.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Kevin Cirilli On Trump
Trump travels to New Hampshire to address the opioid addiction crisis as pressure mounts on Mueller. Here's what you need to know about the president's Monday #tictocnews https://bloom.bg/2FT6n1W @kevcirilli (Source: Bloomberg)
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Nearly 100 people scaled a 27-foot story building for a good cause Friday.
Big Brothers Big Sisters of the Greater Miami Valley organization pairs children with role models in the area.
Each of the participants at the event raised at least $1,000 for the organization.
The organization is looking for volunteers and if you would like to apply, click here.
Local fire prevention officers are sounding an alarm after three people were killed Tuesday in a house fire in Brampton. Robert King, the fire prevention officer in Gravenhurst cities the law requiring working smoke alarms on every level of your home, as well as outside sleeping areas. And because many people sleep with their bedroom doors closed, he recommends alarms inside sleeping areas as well. If you don't have an escape plan in place, King urges you draw one up…and practice it. Orillia recently charged a homeowner for not having working alarms in place. The charges followed a house fire in January. In case you missed it, Barrie's Fire Prevention Officers recently recorded another fire safety video focussing on smoke alarms.
Virginia's historic upset at the hands of UMBC was the Cavaliers' fourth game in nine days, the price of winning an ACC title. North Carolina's second-round exit at the hands of Texas A&M was the Tar Heels' sixth game in 12 days, the price of playing for an ACC title.
Maybe Roy Williams is right about the value of the ACC tournament after all, at least relative to the NCAA tournament. You're better off treating it as a cocktail party than a worthwhile endeavor, at least if you're interested in hoisting an even bigger banner in what the North Carolina coach refers to as the “big tournament.”
Even though the days when only the ACC champion advanced to the NCAA tournament are long gone, there's still a tremendous desire to claim that title. (Just ask a school that hasn't won one in three decades.) But at what cost, with the NCAA tournament only four or five days away?
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
If it's a matter of priorities, the evidence continues to mount teams that have safely secured high seeds are better off if they lose early and save their energy for later in March, especially since the ACC expanded to 15 teams.
No one's suggesting actually trying to lose -- and an ACC title still carries tremendous meaning -- but it's increasingly starting to look like an either-or situation, as much as it ever has before
With Virginia and North Carolina both eliminated, only one of the ACC's six national champions since 2001 was still playing basketball on the last day of the conference tournament, and Duke is favored in some quarters to make it six of seven.
Moving the title game from Sunday to Saturday was supposed to have a beneficial effect on that – the move was made in 2015, with the ACC staring down a historic four-year Final Four drought – but the ACC has won two national titles since then and neither of those teams was still playing on Saturday.
Over the past 20 years, teams that played for the title have been No. 1 seeds 16 times but have gone to only five Final Fours, winning two national titles (Duke in 2001 and 2010). Despite those prime seedings, they have averaged two wins per tournament.
Meanwhile, the rest of the ACC's NCAA tournament teams have won five national titles over that span and gone to eight Final Fours. It's a bigger pool – 59 teams, compared to the 39 champions and runners-up that made the tournament – but with a much lower average seed. Limit it to the 13 teams that were still No. 1 or 2 seeds despite losing before the ACC title game and the numbers are staggering: 40-8, with all five teams that made the Final Four winning titles. (And that includes the two years Wake Forest was a top-two seed and failed to make it out of the first weekend.)
Something's going on there. It's more than just old ACC superstition.
How else could Syracuse win one ACC tournament game in the past three years but seven in the NCAA tournament? Jim Boeheim, crazy like a very old fox with a bunch of vacated wins. The ACC's surprise teams this March – Clemson, Florida State and Syracuse – went a combined 2-3 in Brooklyn. They're 7-0 in the next phase of the postseason.
And the jury is still out on Duke, which despite exiting the ACC tournament early still played four games in 10 days with the same six-day break as Virginia – the Blue Devils played Iona on Thursday, the Cavaliers UMBC on Friday – but looked unbothered doing it.
That's a big change from Duke last year: the Blue Devils became the first team ever to win four games in four days to win the ACC tournament and didn't make it out of the next weekend. Only four teams have ever played four ACC tournament games in four days; collectively, they're 5-4 in NCAA tournament games. North Carolina in 2015 was the only one to make it to the Sweet 16.
Winning the ACC title matters to fans. It matters to players. And it matters to coaches, albeit some more than others. It always will. But maybe not winning it is worth the heartbreak in the long run, the long run being the next three weeks.
Sports columnist Luke DeCock: 919-829-8947, ldecock@newsobserver.com, @LukeDeCock
Fifty-six associates walked the stage, received their diploma and celebrated their accomplishments.
Department managers and supervisors went through two weeks of training, while assistant managers went through seven.
The training academy is expected to teach 90 workers each week from the 13 stores across the state of North Dakota.
"The academy is important because it's our opportunity to train our associates on what we call 'one best way', which is how we expect them to not just run the store, but to interact with those customers that come in from shopping online and to pick up product in the store as well," said John Welling, Wal-Mart vice president and general manager of Region 52.
The Dilworth Training Academy is the 68th to open.
By the end of 2017, there will be 200 training academies across the United States.
What do you see when looking at the image below?
How about A B C and 12 13 14? That's what most readers will see.
It is, however, possible, and just as plausible, to read A 13 C and 12 B 14.
It's simply a matter of interpretation and context. For most of us, our brain made the decision for us, creating a bias without much, or any, conscious input.
It's almost scary how quickly and subtly a bias is created, and when it comes to investing, biases can be costly.
Are you a victim of biased investing?
The biased investing trap
Nowadays, nearly every headline conveys a bias, and because it's getting harder to capture someone's attention, even trivial events are sensationalized in an effort to capture eyeballs.
Here is a prime example of biased reporting:
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.23% has been red hot, so we will be looking for two diametrically opposed interpretations of the very same DJIA chart.
As with any dispute, there are three sides: One, the other and the truth. (Also know as: his, hers and the truth.)
Here is the DJIA chart along with one long-term trend line.
Dow Jones Industrial Average — bearish
The DJIA is just above a multi-year trend channel while overbought. According to some Elliott Wave Theory analysts, this is a throw-over top to complete a 5-wave rally from the 2009 low. This implies a bear market is imminent.
Furthermore, two weeks ago the DJIA soared 2.85%, the biggest weekly gain since Nov. 7, 2016. This gain came after an already extended rally, which, according to popular opinion, must be a last gasp.
Dow Jones Industrial Average — bullish
However, history says otherwise. Since 1980, there were five other times when the DJIA spiked to a new all-time high on the biggest weekly gain in 52 weeks.
Every single time the DJIA was higher one month later. Only one such event was followed by a brief loss — 5.14% in February 1993.
The chart below highlights the last three occurrences (11/27/17, 11/7/16, 10/27/14). The others happened in 3/10/86, 2/1/93, 6/6/97.
Dow Jones Industrial Average — the truth
Thanks to the internet, blogs and social media, there's been more information (and more bias) than ever before, and distinguishing facts from fake facts has never been tougher.
It's not always possible to reconcile conflicting opinions, but knowing both sides will bring you closer to the truth.
The Profit Radar Report never relies on any one single indicator, but ever since Elliott Wave Theory (EWT) correctly projected the February 2016 low, I've paid more than usual attention to those indicators. Our indicators suggest zero risk of a bear market. (More details here.)
The Aug. 28, 2016, Profit Radar Report published this EWT-based projection. At the time, the S&P 500 Index's SPX, +0.32% upside target of 2,500 points was widely mocked, but a few months ago I've had to elevate that to 2,600 and 2,650.
Even my highest upside targets have been met. Now what?
Conclusion
My favorite market-top indicator — which correctly foreshadowed the 1987, 2000 and 2007 tops (more details here) — suggests that a major top will have to wait. However, EWT suggests that this 5-wave rally is nearing an end.
In summary, the weight of evidence suggests that the risk of a correction is getting closer. It will take a move below the DJIA trend line shown above (on both the log and arithmetic scale) to start confirming a top is in.
A more detailed short-term forecast is available here.
Simon Maierhofer is the founder of iSPYETF and publisher of the Profit Radar Report. He has appeared on CNBC and FOX News, and has been published in the Wall Street Journal, Barron's, Forbes, Investors Business Daily and USA Today.
Video: Here's how fraudsters can ‘steal' your voice to rob your bank account
Two men were expected in court today over alleged drugs offences after cocaine worth £125,000 was seized by police near Bothwell.
Officers say they stopped a car on the M74 near Bothwell Services on Friday at around 6.40pm, and found drugs - believed to be cocaine.
Two men, both aged 26, have been arrested and are in police custody, and a report will be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal.
Detective Inspector Martin McGhee, Specialist Crime Division, said: “Teams of officers work every day to gather intelligence and target those who are involved in the supply of controlled drugs within our communities.
“We will always look to act upon information provided to us by the local community, who play a vital role in our response to those involved in the illicit supply of drugs.
“I would urge anyone with information to contact Police Scotland on 101. Alternatively CRIMESTOPPERS can be contacted on 0800 555 111 where information can be provided anonymously”.
The musical comedian won over audiences with his gags about the judges
Robert White, music teacher and comedian, thrilled Britain's Got Talent viewers after making it to the show's grand final.
Advertisement
White – who describes himself as “the only gay, Aspergic, quarter-Welsh comic on the British comedy circuit” – won the public vote in the competition's third semi-final with a comedy song aimed at the judging panel.
Turning first to David Walliams, White sung: “Elton John is obsessed with his homosexual spending/David Walliams is obsessed with his heterosexual pretending”.
And next was Amanda Holden's turn: “[your] chair is reflecting your younger years/it's behind you”.
But the best was saved for head judge: “Simon Cowell's judging is so obsessive because out of all the lovely Britain's Got Talent choice/The one thing he likes the most is the sound of his own voice”.
Viewers at home – including Paddy McGuinness and former BGT winner Ashley Banjo – praised the “hilarious” performance:
Robert White 👏👏👏 Please win #BGT — Jennie McAlpine (@jenniemcalpine) May 30, 2018
Robert White is absolutely hilarious!!! Very gifted comedian. So refreshing, intelligent and super gifted! Loved his performance tonight, I smiled and laughed all the way through his set. #BGTSemiFinal #BGT #RobertWhite #autismawareness — Paddy McGuinness (@PaddyMcGuinness) May 30, 2018
Robert White is a comedy genius, cracking performance that #BGTSemiFinal #minchinesque — WonderfulWinks (@ashleythezulu) May 30, 2018
Robert White just stole the show tonight 😂😂😂🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽 #bgt — Ashley Banjo (@AshleyBanjo) May 30, 2018
OMG I absolutely love Robert White . He is brilliant, I hope he's in the finals – just a brilliant act 🤗🤗 #BGTSemiFinals pic.twitter.com/5WZ9sLAY7N — nance harrington (@NanceHarrington) May 30, 2018
And they couldn't be happier after host Declan Donnelly announced that White would be performing on Sunday's live final…
#bgt best result #RobertWhite well done mate. You are amazing!!!! And you are doing wonders for the acoustic community too! — Richard O Durrant (@richardodurrant) May 30, 2018
So glad Robert White got through! #BGTSemiFinals — M a r y R o s e ~ ❥✨ (@ContraryMary_x) May 30, 2018
So, can Robert win the BGT crown and perform at the Royal Variety? Here's hoping – just imagine the song he'd write about the Queen.
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent's live semi-finals air Monday to Friday on ITV, with the live final on Sunday 3rd June
Inquiry on Amerindian lands put on hold
President David Granger has proposed a five-point intervention to ensure that the work of the Lands Commission of Inquiry meets the needs and address the concerns of all stakeholders.
During a meeting with executive members of the Amerindian Peoples Association (APA) at State House, yesterday, the Head of State made it clear that there was nothing sinister in the setting up of the Commission.
The intention, however, was to correct existing anomalies regarding individual and communal lands. “There is no mischief or no malice on my part or the part of the Government or the Commission to deprive people of their lands,” he said, according to a Ministry of Presidency release on the meeting.
In addition to the plan, a special body will be established comprising representatives of Indigenous peoples organizations, including the National Toshaos Council (NTC), to ensure that the President's interventions are properly executed, so that the Commission's work can move forward smoothly.
So far, Commissioner of the Guyana Lands and Surveys Commission, Trevor Benn, is the designated point of contact for the Government.
Following the setting up of the Commission in early March, several Indigenous groups and individuals have expressed dissatisfaction. President Granger said that the matter has now become highly politicised and, as such, he will be meeting with the various indigenous peoples' organisations.
The five points that the President outlined are a comprehensive review of all literature that has to do with Amerindian land titling, particularly as it relates to ongoing programmes; consensus building on the Terms of Reference; strengthened adherence to the principle of Free Prior and Informed Consent (FPIC) so that communities are fully involved in the process; the reconciling of the positions of the Government, the Commission and that of indigenous peoples' organisations; a review of the Amerindian Act of 2006 and halting the work of the Commission on matters specifically related to Amerindian lands until all the outstanding concerns are addressed.
Minister of State Joseph Harmon, who was also present at the meeting, disclosed that aspects of the Commission's work related to lands other than those belonging to indigenous peoples will proceed as scheduled.
“The inquiry will continue where that is concerned, but in so far as it has to do with indigenous peoples' land, the Commission's work would be put on hold, pending the outcome of what is going to happen with the body that will be set up,” he said.
With regard to the Amerindian Act, Harmon explained that law revision is a very lengthy process and as such it would not be possible to conclude this matter within the life span of the Commission. In light of this, he said that only the “injurious elements” of the act will be addressed for the purpose of fulfilling the mandate of the Commission. A more holistic review of the law will follow later.
“The meeting was very positive. His Excellency, I believe, quite skillfully represented the country because land issues are not just [confined to] one part of the country, but the entire [country]… What he was able to do is to situate what is happening in the Commission within the larger context of the ‘green' state development agenda that we are looking at, and the fact that we want to provide a good quality of life for all Guyanese, irrespective of where they live,” Minister Harmon said.
Executive Director of the APA, Jean La Rose said that “this is a good step in the sense that we are able to discuss these issues, we are able to air our concerns and focus on how we can move forward… Hopefully, at the end of these discussions we will arrive at a common position.”
In March this year, Rev. George Chuck-A-Sang, Mr. David James, Mrs. Carol Khan-James, Professor Rudolph James, Mr. Lennox Caleb, Ms. Paulette Henry and Ms. Belinda Persaud were sworn in by President Granger to the Lands Commission of Inquiry. The Commission's mandate is to examine and make recommendations to resolve issues and uncertainties surrounding the individual, joint or communal ownership of lands and Amerindian land titling issues.
Bayern Munich coach Carlo Ancelotti has warned his players they cannot afford to let Cristiano Ronaldo out of sight when they take on Real Madrid at the Santiago Bernabeu on Tuesday.
The Portugal international netted twice in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final tie to hand Madrid a 2-1 lead ahead of the return and Ancelotti is desperate to avoid a repeat of last week's scenario.
"Small details decided the first leg and we have to focus on those," said Ancelotti.
"We cannot afford to let Cristiano alone.
"We have a smaller chance than in the first leg, but we can definitely win this. The first 60 minutes in the first leg were quite good, but we made too many mistakes after that."
Ancelotti will probably be able to count on Robert Lewandowski again after the striker missed the reverse fixture due to a shoulder injury and he is delighted to welcome back his top scorer.
"Lewandowski is a great player and his return is very helpful," Ancelotti added.
"He has trained with the squad without any problems. It is a big confidence boost for us, but we will not change our strategy.
"It is important for Jerome Boateng and Mats Hummels to train this evening and then we will see how things look on Tuesday."
It's last call for Budweiser signs in Times Square This Bud's for buh-bye. Two 90-foot-tall Budweiser signs standing guard from the north over Times Square will come down this week — marking an end to a nearly 85-year Anheuser-Busch...
E-billboard backing Trump to go up in Times Square A super PAC backing President Trump is sponsoring an e-billboard in Times Square that blasts “FAKE NEWS” and urges viewers to click on a Web link that shows a complaint...
Marty Bandier not happy with Billboard Power 100 list shake up Two execs who used to work for him — Jody Gerson and Jon Platt — now outrank Bandier.
Female execs furious at Billboard's sexual harassment survey The survey included questions like, “Have you ever witnessed or been made aware of the sexual harassment or assault of a colleague?”
Executive exits Billboard after sexual harassment accusation Billboard's chief strategy officer, Stephen Blackwell, has resigned — 24 hours after a former intern accused the executive of sexual harassment at a previous job. Blackwell's exit was announced to...
Billboard exec accused of sex harassment by ex-intern A former intern has accused Billboard Chief Strategy Officer Stephen Blackwell of sexually harassing her seven years ago when she was a 19-years-old and working at music magazine Death &...
Ex-Billboard editorial director to head Syracuse music business program Bill Werde, a former editorial director of Billboard, is going back to school. He's been tapped to be the director of the Bandier Program for Music Business and Entertainment at...
Ansel Elgort doesn't want to be a douchebag "It's important to be able to blend in; otherwise you turn into a Hollywood douchebag," he said.
Massachusetts is considering whether to leap ahead into the Atlantic Time Zone – eliminating the practice of setting clocks forward and back.
Darkness arrives early in New England, which sits on the edge of the Eastern Time Zone. A permanent spring ahead could yield health and economic benefits, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing a state commission's draft report.
Massachusetts “could make a data-driven case for moving to the Atlantic Time Zone year-round,” the commission said last month.
If the commission's 11 members approve the proposal in a Nov. 1 vote, the report will be sent to lawmakers, said state Sen. Eileen Donoghue, who chairs the commission.
Federal law only allows states to opt out of Daylight Saving Time – not adopt it all year. But Massachusetts could shift ahead an hour into Atlantic Time, which includes eastern Canada and Puerto Rico.
Retailers like more daylight for shoppers and educators object to more darkness earlier in the day for students.
But the draft recommends Massachusetts never consider changing time zones unilaterally, without other New England states.
Commission member Paul Frost believes New York also would have to change zones. Otherwise, he fears disruptions to financial markets, TV schedules and travelers.
Daylight Saving Time was originally viewed as a way to cut down on energy use by replacing electric lighting with sunlight, and Congress set the uniform dates in 1966.
But losing an hour each spring has been associated with traffic deaths, workplace injuries and heart attacks, according to the draft report.
Lawmakers around the country frequently propose measures to dispense with twice-yearly time changes.
The Time Zone Report counted 26 states with bills in the 2017 legislative session that deal with clock settings, including a New York bill that would eliminate Daylight Saving Time.
But the current system has proven hard to stop.
“The practical matter is this is something that has been in place and does not change easily,” Donoghue said.
NEW YORK — Bobby Knight. Don King. Sylvester Stallone.
Many of President-elect Donald Trump's cultural touchstones, which he'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on Twitter, were at their peak in the 1980s — the decade Trump's celebrity status rose in New York, Trump Tower was built, “The Art of the Deal” was published and he first flirted with running for public office.
The “Go Go 1980s” of New York were spurred by Wall Street's rise. It was a brash decade in which excess was the norm and ostentatious displays of wealth and power were celebrated in pop culture and among Manhattan's elite. And while much of what defined the 1980s has since gone out of style, Trump has seemingly internalized its ethos, which is reflected in the decor of the Trump Tower lobby and the celebrities he stood alongside during the campaign.
An outer-borough New York developer trying to prove himself across the East River, Trump always sought approval of Manhattan's ruling class and was eager to make a name for himself, according to those who tangled with him during that formative decade.
“He would relentlessly promote himself in the newspapers or on TV. He knew how to get press and squash his enemies,” said Geoge Arzt, press secretary for former New York City Mayor Ed Koch, who served from 1978 to 1989. The me-first attitude that defined the 1980s “has long been a part of who Trump is,” Arzt added.
In the 1980s, as Trump came of age as a public figure, he opened up a refurbished Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street, took over the long-stalled renovation of Central Park's ice skating rink and purchased the New York-area team in the fledgling United States Football League.
He fashioned himself into a regular in the gossip pages, playing the city's tabloids off each other as he promoted his personal brand. He also took his first steps onto the national media stage, making his debut on “60 Minutes” in 1985. The long-running news magazine broadcast has continued to hold a special place in his heart. Several times at rallies, Trump invoked a “60 Minutes” segment he had just watched and he gave his first post-election interview to the show last month. That show was at its apex in the ratings in the 1980s.
Time Magazine, which also wielded significant clout in the 1980s, also has remained an obsession for Trump.
The celebrity businessman, who complained in recent years that he wasn't named the magazine's Person of the Year, received the award in 2016. He called it a “very, very great honour.” That marked his eighth time on the cover this year alone — something that Trump would brag about during campaign rallies. He has taken to giving out autographed copies of the cover to visitors, including rapper Kanye West.
But while West is a current megastar, Trump mostly chose to trot out 1980s celebrities during his campaign, even if many of them had seen their star fade in the ensuing 30 years.
Knight, the former Indiana University basketball coach who captured college basketball national titles in 1981 and 1987 but was later fired for attacking a student, became a favourite sidekick. He first appeared with Trump during the spring's Indiana primary and reappeared at rallies in the Midwest during the general election stretch run.
“One of the reasons I won: Bobby Knight! That's the gold standard, right?” Trump exclaimed in August.
King, the flamboyant boxing promoter who hyped Mike Tyson's 1980s fights, was also saluted by Trump as “a phenomenal person” despite a conviction for manslaughter. King appeared with Trump in September at a Cleveland church and stood with the president-elect last week while Trump was answering questions from the press at his Palm Beach resort.
Trump has been drawn to other 1980s stars. Tyson endorsed the celebrity businessman. Actor Scott Baio, an outspoken Trump supporter, reached the zenith of his fame in the 1980s with the shows “Happy Days” and “Charles in Charge.” And on Saturday, actor Sylvester Stallone — who starred in three “Rambo” movies and two “Rocky” sequels in the 1980s — was a star guest at Trump's New Year's Eve bash at Mar-a-Lago, the lush Florida estate Trump bought in 1985 two years after he opened Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York.
Much of Trump's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too. In 1987 as he first floated running for president, he took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was “paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves.” His frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s, more than the largely safer big cities of today.
In “The Art of the Deal,” he voiced positions on trade he still holds today. That book, which made him a household name when it was published in 1987, also holds many of the principles that guided Trump's business career — and, decades later, his bombastic campaign for the White House.
“I play into people's fantasies,” he wrote. “People may not always think big themselves, but they can still get very excited by those who do. That's why a little hyperbole never hurts. People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular.”
The Sweet 16 field is set after a roller coaster ride of an opening weekend in the NCAA Tournament.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
The creator and three other producers of the hit show “The Walking Dead” have filed a suit against AMC Networks Inc. alleging that they've been denied their rightful share of the hit program's profits.
In the suit, filed in California Superior Court in Los Angeles, “The Walking Dead” co-creator Robert Kirkman along with producers Glen Mazzara, Gale Ann Hurd and David Alpert claim that by using in-house dealings between AMC Network and AMC Studios, which produces “The Walking Dead,” the parent AMC Networks AMCX, -0.15% has avoided sharing the financial success of the zombie drama with the producers.
Similar charges were made against AMC Networks by Frank Darabont, a former executive producer of “The Walking Dead” in a wrongful termination suit he filed against the network.
In their suit, the producers say that profit participation is usually realized at the production company level while any profits the network makes stay there. Because in this case the studio and network are owned by the same company, the producers claim that AMC Networks paid a much lower license fee to AMC Studios to “keep the lion's share of the profit at the network level and not pay a fair-market-value license fee to the production company.”
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Merck CEO quits Trump advisory council in ‘stance against intolerance and extremism'
Airlines dial up pampering for business class.
Police have arrested the man who sucker-punched a traffic agent on Staten Island earlier this week, authorities said.
see also Cops looking for man who sucker-punched traffic agent Police released disturbing video Thursday of a man creeping up...
Divon D. Cochrane, 27, was charged late Thursday night with assault and harassment for attacking the on-duty traffic agent in Port Richmond on Wednesday around 3 p.m., police said.
Disturbing footage from the scene shows Cochrane on his cell phone just moments before he approaches the uniformed agent from behind near Herberton St. and Post Ave.
Cochrane is shown following the 50-year-old victim as he crosses the street. The crazed man then hangs up the phone, creeps up behind his target and punches him in the neck.
The traffic agent fell to the ground and lost consciousness, officials said. He was rushed to Staten Island University Hospital North where he was treated for a head injury and bruising to the neck.
Michael Bornstein, who escaped from Auschwitz at age 4, shows his concentration camp serial number tattooed on him during the Holocaust. Courtesy Bruce Challgren / PhotoPixels LLC
But he distinctly remembers the discrimination he endured even after he got out. He and his mother lived in Germany for six years — his brother, father and several grandparents had all died at the hands of the Nazis — before coming to the United States.
Related:
Trump Condemns Hate Groups, Calls Racism ‘Evil' Days After Charlottesville Violence
“There was a lot of anti-antisemitism in Munich, but I didn't think when we came to the United States, that I'd see this,” Bornstein said.
Bornstein said he felt America was welcoming to him when he became a citizen. That's what made it even more stunning for him to see white supremacists and Ku Klux Klansmen marching over the weekend, chanting Nazi slogans and displaying swastikas. He said he was glued to coverage of what was happening in Virginia.
“The U.S. is wonderful,” he said. “I can't think of a better place to live in. But here it is again. The neo-Nazis and their supporters, the white supremacists, are finding another voice.”
The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum also expressed alarm at the events and condemned “the violence and neo-Nazi, racist, and antisemitic symbols and language used by some of the participants, including reported chants of, ‘The Jews will not replace us.'”
“Neo-Nazism in any form is antithetical to American values and has no place in American society,” the Washington, D.C., museum said in a statement.
Meanwhile, a photo spread on social media of a protester in New York holding up a sign that read, “I escaped the Nazis once. You will not defeat me now.” NBC News could not independently verify the photo's authenticity.
Bornstein, the Holocaust survivor, was among a chorus of critics who felt President Trump wasn't strong enough in his initial response to the Charlottesville rally, which turned deadly when
a car rammed into a group protesting the white nationalists and killed 32-year-old Heather Heyer. Nineteen others were injured.
On Monday, facing growing criticism, Trump made a fresh statement from the White House in which repudiated the racist ideology by KKK and called hate groups “repugnant.”
The Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect called on Trump to go further.
“The president made it worse. He said we should all unite, but there's no way on God's Earth we will ever unite with Nazis,” Steven Goldstein, the center's executive director, said.
Borstein said he hoped this weekend would be viewed as a chance for change.
“I think this is a perfect opportunity for Americans to stand up, never forget, and to oppose this hatred we're seeing in the United States,” he said.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. rammed his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
The records from the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control his temper.
Earlier Monday, Fields was denied bond after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent him because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest. The judge was forced to find a local attorney to fill in, Charles Weber, who did not immediately respond to phone messages. No one answered the door at his office Monday.
Fields was not present in the courtroom but appeared via video monitor dressed in a black-and-white striped uniform. Seated, he answered questions from the judge with simple responses of “Yes, sir” when asked if he understood what was being explained to him. Fields also replied “No, sir” when asked if he had ties to the community of Charlottesville.
Judge Robert Downer set an Aug. 25 hearing for Fields, who has been charged with second-degree murder and other counts.
Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler, and had been singled out in the 9th grade by officials at the Randall K. Cooper high school in Union, Kentucky, for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race, his former high school teacher Derek Weimer said Sunday.
Keegan McGrath, 18, who said he was roommates with Fields on a class trip to Europe in 2015, said Fields referred to Germany as “the Fatherland,” had no interest in being in France, and refused to interact with the French.
“He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us,” McGrath told the AP on Monday.
McGrath challenged Fields on his beliefs, and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day. He said he went home after three or four days because he said he couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
The incident shocked McGrath because he had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years.
“He was just a normal dude” most of the time, although he occasionally made “dark” jokes that put his class on edge, including one “off-hand joke” about the Holocaust, McGrath said.
McGrath said that Fields wasn't ostracized and doesn't believe Fields deserves sympathy.
“He had friends, he had people who would chat with him, it wasn't like he was an outcast.”
Weimer described Fields as an “average” student, but with a keen interest in military history, Hitler, and Nazi Germany.
“Once you talked to James for a while, you would start to see that sympathy toward Nazism, that idolization of Hitler, that belief in white supremacy,” Weimer said. “It would start to creep out.”
Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, Weimer said.
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers who were killed when a helicopter crashed during the large-scale police response.
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the “take America back” campaign to protest the removal of a Confederate statue. The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect.
Meanwhile, a message posted Saturday night on a leading neo-Nazi website called The Daily Stormer promised future events that would be “bigger than Charlottesville.”
The mayor of Charlottesville, political leaders of all political stripes, and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies, vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups. They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations, some of which specifically cited Trump's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash.
Weimer said Fields left school for a while, and when he came back he was quieter about politics until his senior year, when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race. Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what he believed to be Trump's views on race. Trump's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields, Weimer said. Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess, he said, though they never spoke about slavery.
As a senior, Fields wanted to become a tank commander in the Army. Weimer, a former officer in the Ohio National Guard, guided him through the process of applying, he said, believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help dispel his white supremacist views. But Fields was ultimately turned down, which was a big blow, Weimer said. Weimer said he lost contact with Fields after he graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the Army.
Army spokeswoman Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said Fields reported for basic military training in August 2015, but was released from active duty four months later “due to a failure to meet training standards.”
This story has been edited to clarify who participated in the white nationalist rally and who posted the message promising future events.
And yet, he would still deem this draft a success without selecting one.
"There are a lot of good players in the draft. And that was the big thing moving from 21 to 12," Beane said.
"The natural assumption, I get it, is we're moving up to get a quarterback, yada, yada, yada. No, we improved our draft position," he added. "We're excited about where that moves us on our draft board, and the players that we see would be available there."
OTHER NEEDS
The offensive line has sprung holes after centre Eric Wood was diagnosed with a career-ending neck injury in January, and left guard Richie Incognito abruptly decided to retire two weeks ago. Buffalo lacks an established receiver beyond Kelvin Benjamin, and has yet to identify a starting middle linebacker after losing Preston Brown in free agency.
NO SLEEP
Beane appreciates the enormity of overseeing his first draft after previously serving as Carolina Panthers assistant GM.
"Thanks, I won't be sleeping for the next 10 days," he said, upon being informed this might be Buffalo's most significant draft since eventual Hall of Fame quarterback Jim Kelly was selected 14th in 1983.
"But again, I think I'll lose sleep every year going into the draft because you're always going to have holes."
FIRST-ROUND QBS
The Bills have used a first-round pick on a quarterback just three times, and only once with their first selection: E.J. Manuel, 16th overall in 2013. Kelly was selected two picks after Buffalo drafted tight end Tony Hunter. J.P. Losman was selected 22nd with Buffalo's second of two first-round picks in 2004.
This doesn't include Penn State QB Richie Lucas, the first player Buffalo ever selected, and taken in the American Football League's territorial draft in 1960.
OVERHAUL
The roster shakeup has been so extensive, Buffalo has nine players left who were on the team in 2015 (not including Wood, who is still on the active roster for now), and only three drafted by the Bills: DT Kyle Williams (fifth round, 2006), OL John Miller (third round, 2015) and TE Nick O'Leary (sixth round, 2015).
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Hit on LT Dion Dawkins with 63rd pick last year. Dawkins started 11 games in place of the injured Glenn, and allowed the Bills to trade Glenn. ... No one left from 2011 to 2014 draft classes, including first-round picks DT Marcell Dareus (traded to Jacksonville) and WR Sammy Watkins (traded to Rams). ... Kyle Williams remains a bargain. He is the team's unquestioned leader and started 162 games entering 13th season.
___
More AP NFL: https://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
By John Wawrow, The Associated Press
Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Kyle Freeland delivers a pitch to San Diego Padres' Wil Myers in the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Denver. David Zalubowski AP Photo
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez delivered an extra jolt of celebrity buzz to the annual Time 100 bash on Tuesday — with J.Lo closing the night with a four-song set.
Earlier, three Pulitzer Prize-winners who were honored for their groundbreaking stories on sexual harassment and five young survivors of the Parkland school shootings added a more somber tone than usual to the red-carpet event.
At the same time, tech titans, who had turned up in force in years past, were scarce this year as newsmakers in the supercharged political arena seemed to dominate the magazine's annual list — and the evening's attendees.
And, of course, hanging over the event was uncertainty over who will emerge as a buyer for the 95-year-old title now that Meredith has absorbed the old Time Inc. and is selling off Time and three other iconic brands — Sports Illustrated, Fortune and Money — it inherited.
Meredith is hoping to sell the multimillion-dollar quartet in the next 120 days. With the pending sales, there is the possibility that the star-studded red carpet event last night at Jazz at Lincoln Center could be the last.
Perhaps that was why a record number of honorees — 49 — out of the Time 100 most influential people in the world actually were able to make it to the dinner this year.
Keeping with the serious tone, Tarana Burke, an activist who is credited with starting the #MeToo movement more than a decade ago — before there was even a hash tag — was front and center at Table 3. Comedian Keegan-Michael Key, who most recently starred in “Meteor Shower” on Broadway, shared the table and helped lighten the mood.
Among the few tech titans attending was Bumble founder Whitney Wolfe Herd, sharing time with former Vanity Fair Editor Tina Brown (author of “The Vanity Fair Diaries”) and journalist hubby Sir Harry Evans (author of “Do I Make Myself Clear?”) at Table 1.
While Table 1 on tier one is no doubt a choice seat, careful readers of Media Ink know that in the hierarchy of Time 100, it is actually Table 8, on the second tier, that is considered the best seat in the house.
That's where actress Nicole Kidman was breaking bread with Hoda Kotb, the co-host of NBC's “Today,” and human rights activist Nice Leng'ete, along with Time Editor-in-Chief Ed Felsenthal and his boss, Tom Harty, president and CEO of Meredith.
Savannah Guthrie, another co-host of “Today,” held down nearby second-tier Table 10, where she clearly had a serious talk with Kenneth Frazier, the CEO of Merck — who quit an advisory council set up by President Trump over the commander-in-chief's remarks about the violence in Charlottesville, Va. Trump, who attended the Time event in 2016 and was one of the top 100 again this year, didn't make the scene. He was hosting his first state dinner, for French President Emmanuel Macron, in Washington, DC.
Table 9 drew Olympic figure skater Adam Rippon, who chatted with Lena Waithe, the actress and screenwriter of the Netflix hit “Master of None,” singer Kesha, who has been speaking out about her own sexual harassment, and Norah O'Donnell, co-host of “CBS This Morning.”
And at Table 7, “The People vs. OJ Simpson” actor Sterling K. Brown got to hobnob with the highest-paid actress in India, Deepika Padukone, and “CBS This Morning” co-host Gayle King.
There were undoubtedly some strange conversations on Table 13, where Millie Bobby Brown, the young actress who played the character Eleven in “Stranger Things,” was dining with “Lady Bird” writer and director Greta Gerwig and a last-minute addition, Christopher Wylie, a whistleblower on the Facebook data-mining scandal at Cambridge Analytica.
Having a Pulitzer to your name didn't mean you avoided the third-tier, aka Siberia. Ronan Farrow, whose stories in The New Yorker on the alleged decades-long sexual predatory behavior of Hollywood's pervy producer, Harvey Weinstein, was up on Table 19, breaking bread with yours truly and his mom, Mia Farrow. Ronan, one of the Time 100, toasted Emily Nestor, his guest who was also one of the first on-the-record sources for his award-winning stories.
New York Times reporter Megan Twohey, who shared a Pulitzer for stories on sexual harassment with Times colleague Jodi Kantor, landed Table 21. Kantor was at Table 23 — where two of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School students, David Hogg and Emma Gonzalez, sat. Other Parkland survivors, Cameron Kasky, Alex Wind and Jaclyn Corin, were at Table 24. All the students made the Time 100 list for their role in the March for Our Lives event to halt gun violence.
For humor, there was the original “Wonder Woman” star Lynda Carter, on Table 20. She penned a tribute in the issue to the new big-screen superhero, Gal Gadot.
Keeping with one of the overriding themes, Olympic gold medalist Aly Raisman, who spoke out against convicted pedophile Larry Nassar, was at Table 16. She had penned a tribute to Rachel Denhollander, the first to speak out against Nassar.
Carmen Yulin Cruz, the mayor of San Juan, scored a not-so-bad Table 15 alongside Megyn Kelly.
A man has been jailed after he kicked, struck and dragged his partner by her hair.
Some of Siobhan Roberts' hair was found on the floor after she was attacked by Jack Edward Stokes, 20, at Daniels Drive in Ruabon.
Police received a report at 12.50am on July 26 of screaming coming from a flat and that a man was assaulting a woman.
Stokes, of Prices Lane in Wrexham, was walking up and down in front of the flat when police arrived at about 1am.
Rhian Jackson, defending, told Wrexham magistrates the officer saw Miss Roberts “crying hysterically”.
She found it difficult to speak to the officer but eventually said that Stokes had punched and kicked her to the face.
A friend who was with her added that Stokes had been dragging Miss Roberts by her hair.
The friend confirmed that hair found by officers belonged to Miss Roberts and had been pulled out during the attack.
Miss Jackson added the officer went out to speak to Stokes by the flat door, but he ran away when told he was going to be arrested.
He was found and handcuffed on Ruabon Road shortly afterward before being arrested and taken into custody.
But he became aggressive towards officers on arrival and had to be taken to the floor.
Fearing the arresting oficer would be assaulted, a colleague restrained Stokes and he was taken back to the custody vehicle.
Miss Jackson added Stokes was searched and officers found a grinder with cannabis inside it.
Miss Roberts did not make a complaint, had attended court with Stokes and there was no restraining order application.
In interview Stokes denied assault but admitted drugs possession, magistrates heard.
But at a previous hearing he pleaded guilty to assault by beating, obstructing a constable in the execution of duty and posession of a class B drug
Magistrates heard Miss Roberts sustained a small graze on her nose and a mark on the right side of her face.
Probation officer Rachel Woodock said that when interviewed Stokes initially tried to blame alcohol for the offence, and also apportioned some blame on Miss Roberts.
But when prompted he showed some responsibility for his actions and it became evident that his troubled childhood, where he witnessed domestic violence, had influenced his behaviour.
He accepted smacking Miss Roberts and pulling her hair, but denied kicking her.
He had trust issues and showed controlling and coercive behaviour, Miss Woodcock said, but it was to his credit that he now abstained from alcohol.
Stokes “fully expected custody”, magistrates heard, and expressed willingness to engage with the probation service on release.
It was disappointing that Stokes put himself back before the court, Miss Woodcock said, adding that custody might offer Stokes a chance to reflect on his actions.
But Miss Woodcock said Stokes posed a high risk of causing Miss Roberts serious harm and it was worrying that the couple wished to rekindle their relationship.
Andrew Holliday, defending, said that it was “quite understandable” that probation would recommend custody given Stokes' record, and he had explained the “near inevitability” of custody.
Mr Holliday pointed out the link betwen alcohol and Stokes' offending.
He also asked magistrates to consider Stokes' guilty plea and that probation service work on the relationship, which clearly needed intervention, would be escalated on Stokes' release.
It was unfortunate that Stokes had got himself into this situation after securing work as a warehouse operative, but Mr Holliday asked magistrates to keep custody as short as they could so that he might retain his job.
Magistrates jailed Stokes for 80 days for assault, and 21 days each for obstruction and drugs possession, to be serviced concurrently.
A further 14 days (consecutive) was added for failure to comply with post sentence supervision, making a total of 94 days – half
to be served in custody and the rest in the community. He must also pay a £115 surcharge on his release.
BOULDER, Colo. — Steven Montez's remedy for soreness after a recent loss was to pour a little more salt into the wounds.
Epsom salt, more specifically — in a bath. It worked like a charm for the Colorado quarterback who absorbed some big hits in a 27-23 loss at UCLA last weekend.
Now, he's hoping to help heal the Buffaloes (3-2, 0-2 Pac-12), who've dropped two straight conference games in their defence of the Pac-12 South crown.
Next up , Arizona (2-2, 0-1) and its improved defence on Saturday. The Wildcats have forced 20 three-and-outs this season. Not bad, considering the team had 30 in a dozen games a year ago.
“They're a good defence,” Montez said. “We're just going to do what we do on offence, and hopefully we get some things going.”
Montez and the offence remain a work in progress. He was 17 of 36 for 243 yards along with 108 yards rushing against the Bruins. He's trying to stay in the pocket more instead of looking to run.
He's taken quite a few wallops this season.
“I'm feeling good,” Montez said. “I mean, we're playing football. It's not like golf where you're standing out there swinging clubs. No offence to Tiger (Woods), Rory (McIlroy) and all them, they're freak athletes too, but it's a contact sport so you're going to be a little sore after games. I'm not any more sore than I've been.”
On the other side of the ball, the Buffaloes defence has their hands full with a dual threat in Brandon Dawkins, a quarterback who reminds Buffaloes coach Mike MacIntyre of Colin Kaepernick. MacIntyre had to scheme against Kaepernick while he was coaching at San Jose State and Kaepernick was under centre with Nevada.
“(Dawkins) is athletic, fast and he can throw the ball forever. He has great arm strength,” MacIntyre said. “That's what Kaepernick would do in college. He'd run everywhere and do that kind of thing. We've got to be able to stop their running game and hopefully corral Dawkins.”
That hasn't been an easy assignment. Dawkins leads the team with 341 yards rushing and six TDs. He's also thrown for 670 yards and five scores.
Dawkins is coming off game in which he threw three interceptions during a 30-24 loss to No. 20 Utah on Sept. 22.
“It's the big mistakes that have been hurting us, but he's not the only one making mistakes,” Arizona coach Rich Rodriguez said at his weekly news conference. “We've all made them. Brandon knows that we can't have a big mistake, and can't have turnovers. We have to capitalize on opportunities of big, potential plays.”
Here are things to know heading into a game where the Wildcats have won two straight at Folsom Field:
YOUNG CATS: The Wildcats have played 27 freshmen, including 17 true freshmen. Tight end Bryce Wolma leads the team in receptions with 15, while linebacker Colin Schooler has recorded 11 tackles, an interception and a forced fumbled over his last two games. “I have been pleasantly surprised with some of the young players that haven't made as many mental mistakes, which is good,” Rodriguez said.
MUCH RESPECT: Count Rodriguez as a fan of Buffaloes tailback Philip Lindsay, who's rushed for 529 yards this season. He's 196 yards away from moving into the top five on Colorado's all-time rushing list. “He's a big-time player,” Rodriguez said.
FAMILY WEEKEND: Colorado junior receiver Jay MacIntyre may not get to spend all that much time with his father as part of Family Weekend festivities. That's fine, he sees enough of his dad/coach in practice anyway. Here's a stat about Family Weekend in coach Mike MacIntyre's favour: The Buffaloes are 18-7 since celebrating what was once known as Parent's Weekend.
SOMETHING HAS TO GIVE: The Buffaloes are one of nine teams in the nation that hasn't allowed a kickoff return longer than 22 yards. On the flip side, the Wildcats are averaging 25.9 yards, which is 17th in the country.
STATS, STATS, STATS: The Wildcats have outscored opponents by a 76-36 margin in the second half … The Buffaloes are two wins shy of No. 700 in school history. They're 698-496-36.
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Medical Discovery News is hosted by professors Norbert Herzog at Quinnipiac University, and David Niesel of the University of Texas Medical Branch. Learn more at www.medicaldiscoverynews.com.
Controversial online video advertising agency Blinkx lost more than half its value on Wednesday — in little more than a blink. Shares in the London-based agency fell 46.2 percent after...
The world's biggest oilfield service companies have a message for investors: There's a payoff for patience.
While first-quarter earnings were less than exciting, Schlumberger Ltd., the largest service provider, said it plans to profitably add about 1 million horsepower worth of rock-crushing pumps this year into North American shale. Halliburton Co., the fracking king, said it sees a return to the 20 percent profit margins last seen before the downturn.
Their optimism comes as oil prices drive toward $70 a barrel in New York, a strong psychological signal of recovery, while Saudi Arabia has said it sees $80 oil in the foreseeable future. Prices at that level could loosen the leash on what explorers will pay service providers to open their wells moving forward.
"I'm excited about the outlook for North America and our March exit margins clearly demonstrate our path to normalized margins," said Jeff Miller, the Halliburton chief executive officer, on a conference call Monday after earnings were released.
Despite U.S. drilling and fracking activity hovering at three-year highs, the industry's top oil-patch contractors have battled a lack of investor enthusiasm. While the price of West Texas Intermediate crude, the U.S. benchmark, has gained 7.5 percent, the Philadelphia Oil Services Index is up only 3.5 percent.
Concerns about more prudent spending plans by customers have coupled with production worries in the Permian Basin to keep investors largely on the sidelines.
Beating Estimates
On Monday, Halliburton, which generates most of its sales in the U.S. and Canada, reported a first-quarter profit excluding certain items of 41 cents a share, beating analyst estimates by a penny. The shiny win, though, wasn't enough to catch the attention of outside investors. The shares gained only 0.17 percent for the day.
"North America is the place to be," said J. David Anderson, an analyst at Barclays, in a phone interview. But "was this enough to get the incremental owner of the stock in here? Probably not."
Schlumberger, which generates most of its business outside the U.S. and Canada, reported a first quarter profit of 38 cents a share, excluding one-time items. It also was a penny better than estimates, but its U.S. shares fell by 1.5 percent for the day.
Consensus Forecasts
Both companies, though, gave their blessings to existing consensus forecasts for the second quarter, which call for Halliburton to boost profits another 40 percent to 58 cents a share, while Schlumberger is expected to grow at about half that rate to 47 cents a share, according to analysts' estimates compiled by Bloomberg.
Baker Hughes, the No. 3 oil services provider by market capitalization, reported a first-quarter profit, excluding certain items, of 9 cents a share, 3 cents better than analyst expectations. The company is expected to boost profits another 60 percent in the second quarter as it continues to integrate with the oil & gas business of General Electric Co.
Burglar takes iPhone, laptops from Bronx pol's office A brazen burglar broke into Congressman Adriano Espaillat's Bronx office overnight Friday and stole an iPhone, two laptops and a digital video recorder, police said. A building employee discovered the...
The richest (and poorest) New Yorkers in Congress Forget party divides — New York's Congressional delegation is split among the rich and poor. Some members are multi-millionaires with investment properties and others are burdened with thousands in credit...
Adriano Espaillat wins Harlem primary for Charlie Rangel's seat State Sen. Adriano Espaillat won a historic Democratic congressional primary in Harlem Tuesday, defeating retiring Rep. Charles Rangel's handpicked candidate in a bitterly fought race. Espaillat beat Rangel-backed state Assemblyman...
Dems vying for Rangel's seat call on Bratton to resign over scandals The leading Democratic candidates vying to succeed retiring Harlem Rep. Charles Rangel in Congress said Police Commissioner Bill Bratton should resign in the wake of police corruption scandals. During a...
Eric Schneiderman's chief of staff to run for state senate ALBANY – Attorney General Eric Schneiderman's chief of staff is running for Sen. Adriano Espaillat seat in Upper Manhattan, The Post has learned. Micah Lasher's departure from Schneiderman's office was...
Espaillat snags key endorsement from Mark-Viverito Congressional hopeful state Sen. Adriano Espaillat picked up a key endorsement from City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito at a rally Sunday calling for aid to Puerto Rico. Espaillat, who lost...
Senator sending birthday cards to taxpayers using their money State Sen. Adriano Espaillat is sending out taxpayer-funded birthday greetings to voters — at the same time he's running to replace retiring Harlem Rep. Charles Rangel, The Post has learned....
This pol owes $96,000 but is making a third run for congress State Sen. Adriano Espaillat has launched his third run for Congress, but still hasn't paid off nearly $100,000 in bills from his campaign of two years ago — including money...
Dominican-American rivals both want to succeed Charles Rangel The city's two top Dominican-American politicians announced Wednesday that they're both running to succeed veteran Rep. Charles Rangel — setting up a fierce battle for a key voting bloc in...
The Bucy Lecture is a public lecture given by a highly distinguished scientist, organized every year by the Texas Tech Physics and Astronomy Department.
This year Prof. Naomi Halas, Rice University, will discuss a recent discovery of how illuminating a solution of broadly absorbing nanoparticles dispersed in water results in vapor generation without the requirement of heating the fluid volume. Light-generated steam has direct applications in solar energy harvesting, where the goal is to produce steam that can be used in a variety of off-grid applications, well-suited to needs in both the developed and the developing world.
Naomi Halas is the Stanley C. Moore Professor in Electrical and Computer Engineering, Professor of Biomedical Engineering, Professor of Chemistry, Professor of Physics and Astronomy, and founding director of the Laboratory for Nanophotonics at Rice University. She is the Director of the Smalley-Curl Institute. Halas is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy of Engineering, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. She is a recipient of the American Physical Society Frank Isakson Prize for Optical Effects in Solids, the Willis E. Lamb Award, and the Wood Prize of the Optical Society of America. She is a Fellow of OSA, APS, SPIE, IEEE, MRS, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and the National Academy of Inventors.
If budget-cutters in Washington decided to eliminate food stamps for New Yorkers, city politicians would be denouncing the cruelty of the “Republican war on the poor.” Yet Mayor de Blasio and the City Council are inflicting the same sort of pain on low-income New Yorkers by denying them access to one of the nation's most effective anti-poverty programs: Walmart.
When he was mayor, Michael Bloomberg supported Walmart's efforts to open a store in New York, but the company faced unremitting resistance from unions and elected officials, and it gave up the fight once de Blasio moved into Gracie Mansion.
“I have been adamant that I don't think Walmart — the company, the stores — belong in New York City,” de Blasio said.
Walmart's benefits are obvious to shoppers and to economists like Jason Furman, who served in the Clinton administration and was chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers under President Barack Obama.
In a paper, “Walmart: A Progressive Success Story,” Furman cited estimates that Walmart, by driving down prices, saved the typical American family more than $2,300 annually. That was about the same amount that a family on food stamps then received from the federal government.
How could any progressive with a conscience oppose an organization that confers such benefits? How could de Blasio and the council effectively take money out of the pockets of the poorest families in New York?
Because, though they would deny it, they care a lot more about pleasing powerful labor interests, especially the United Food and Commercial Workers, which helped lead the long fight to keep Walmart out of the five boroughs.
Labor activists have been spreading horror stories for more than a decade about Walmart's purported mistreatment of workers, yet somehow they haven't dissuaded thousands of people in other cities from lining up for jobs whenever a Walmart opens. Often there are five or 10 applicants for each job. As the economist Richard Vedder has noted, the pay at Walmart is comparable with that of other large retailers.
Some argue that Walmart exerts downward pressure on retail wages, but even if that's true — and it's debatable — the effect is tiny compared with the savings at the cash register. According to Furman, Walmart lowered American retail workers' pay by less than $5 billion while saving shoppers more than $250 billion with lower prices.
Anti-Walmart agitators complain about the government subsidies that some of the company's workers receive for health insurance, which, they argue, burden taxpayers. But these are the same Medicaid subsidies available to low-income workers at other stores and in other industries.
It makes zero sense to single out Walmart employees, as the state of Maryland did with a law (eventually struck down in court) forcing Walmart alone to forgo government subsidies and shoulder these costs by itself.
If the activists succeed in their quest to transfer these health-care costs to Walmart, they'll be striking yet another blow against the poor. When low-income workers receive subsidized health insurance through Medicaid, the money comes out of general tax revenue — paid mainly by upper-income taxpayers.
If Walmart becomes responsible for paying for its own subsidies, the company might offset the expense by reducing its workers' cash wages. Or it might raise prices, which would effectively be a new regressive tax hitting its low-income customers hardest. Either way, the burden would shift from affluent taxpayers to the working poor.
These Robin Hood-in-reverse effects prompted Furman to reject his fellow Democrats' campaign against Walmart. “The collateral damage,” Furman wrote, “from these efforts to get Walmart to raise its wages and benefits is way too enormous and damaging to working people and the economy more broadly for me to sit by idly and sing ‘Kum-Ba-Ya' in the interests of progressive harmony.”
De Blasio and the council keep spouting these irrational arguments, but they haven't persuaded the public. In a 2015 Quinnipiac poll asking whether Walmart stores should be allowed to open, New Yorkers favored Walmart 2 to 1.
But so far, their feelings don't seem to matter to de Blasio and his fellow progressives on the council. After all, as long as shoppers go on paying higher prices at unionized stores, some of their money will keep flowing to the mayor and his allies in the form of campaign contributions. To progressive politicians, that's the ultimate in social justice.
From the Manhattan Institute's City Journal.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
Citadel Securities LLC, the market-maker founded by Ken Griffin, hired Anthony Cronin of Société Générale SA to head Treasuries trading in Europe as part of a push into the ranks of leading global dealers in the U.S. government-debt market.
The addition, which is effective Monday, expands the firm's market-making ability to span the full European trading day and the latter part of Asia hours, as well as the Middle East. Last year, it began dealing in off-the-run Treasuries, adding the segment to its benchmark business.
“Our goal is building one of the top market makers in the world in dollar rates products,” Paul Hamill, global head of fixed income, currencies and commodities at Chicago-based Citadel Securities, said by phone. “Treasuries are a huge component of that and are critically important for clients in Europe and Asia.”
In another step to bolster Treasuries market-making, the firm hired London-based Michele How for fixed-income sales in January, Hamill said. Citadel Securities has 15 employees in London in its fixed income, currencies and commodities area.
It has about 100 U.S. Treasuries clients in 17 countries across Asia and Europe, and Hamill predicts that tally will double this year.
Voice Needs
In Asia, its initial focus is on Hong Kong, mainland China and Japan, as clients based in those regions show the most interest in new market-makers, Hamill said.
“A lot of these clients transact electronically, but a large volume is also done by voice, which is why we hired Michele as well as Tony,” Hamill said.
The buildup in the dealer-to-client slice of the government-debt market comes amid a broader push by Citadel Securities on rates dealing, including the hiring of Daniel Gottlander from Citigroup Inc. in September to lead interest-rate swaps trading in the U.S.
Since it started Treasuries market-making directly with investors in 2016, it's nearly tripled its counterparties to over 450 and almost quadrupled its average daily volume, Hamill said. The electronic market-maker has been a presence in inter-dealer Treasuries trading for more than a decade.
In 2017, the notional value of Treasuries traded through Citadel Securities totaled $6 trillion, including business with investors and dealers, according to the firm. That's up from $5 trillion the prior year, with the rise mostly related to its off-the-run expansion.
Joining the ranks of the Federal Reserve's primary dealers is still a likely part of the plan for Citadel Securities, after it starts dealing in all the required securities. It lacks certain products, such as Treasury Inflation Protected Securities and strips, which it expects to introduce this year.
“Being a primary dealer is a very important accolade,” Hamill said. “The goal would be that once we have the complete product-set needed and participate the time required, then we'd very likely seek to become a primary dealer.”
DEAR JOAN: It seems the dog, an Akita, is shedding more these days, but it seems too late for fall, when he did some shedding, and too early for spring.
Are other pet owners reporting these phenomena? Does it mean anything?
Linda Brown, Bay Area
DEAR LINDA: Unless your dog is shedding excessively, leaving bald patches, you don't need to worry.
Related Articles Peregrine falcons first flights can be frightful
Top 10 victories for animals in 2016
Cat loved honeydew melons
Berkeley: Burrowing owl death stirs concerns
Ghostly sightings of our pets Before dogs were domesticated, they put on thicker coats in the winter and shed them in the spring. The process was triggered not by the temperatures, but by the length of days. Shorter days mean less light, which in turn affects the production of melatonin, which helps to regulate hair growth.
The fur on dogs grows in three stages. The first phase is the heavy growth period that rapidly produces the longest hair; the second is a slow down of hair growth and the third is a resting phase in which shedding usually occurs.
The length of those phases depend on the breed of the dog, and can differ among individual dogs.
The longer the dogs have lived with humans, the more they have lost that circadian rhythm. Some dogs have retained it better than others, and you might still see more shedding in the spring, but that doesn't mean they won't also shed in the winter.
If your dog spends a lot of time indoors, it might also have a bit of dry skin caused by our heating systems, and that might encourage more sheddings than usual. Try a skin-conditioning shampoo and rinse.
DEAR JOAN: Please encourage your readers to begin pruning their trees and shrubs now, in part because it's more beneficial to prune and trim during their dormancy period.
Of greater concern is birds scouting for nesting sites in late winter and certainly before spring. If trees are cut back at that time, there is great risk that nests that might contain eggs or baby birds are damaged.
I tearfully watched a neighbor's tree trimmer “thin” their pepper tree, killing an entire colony of bushtits evens though their woven nests are distinct and very visible.
The new year is also a good time after holiday stresses to clean out all existing bird houses or put up new ones. They give birds some refuge from the cold, too.
On the subject of pets and mushrooms, my cat, Avery, goes out during the day harnessed and leashed. This doesn't keep him out of trouble, however.
If we lived in France, he could make a nice living hunting truffles. This cat can find this tiniest remnant of a dried up mushroom. I've discovered I must dig them out rather than cutting them off as he will dig for the underground parts.
Jodi Avery, Bay Area
DEAR JODI: Thanks for the reminder about tree trimming. I've been telling people all spring and summer to avoid any serious tree pruning until the late fall and early winter, and now is the time.
While it is unlikely we'll find young birds and eggs in nests, we might find squirrels so it is best to check to see if nests are occupied before cutting a limb holding one.
If you're planning to put up any new nesting boxes or bird houses, now is the time so they'll be established when the birds are ready for them.
As for your cat that has a nose for truffles, perhaps he is a felwine — a rare mix of cat and pig. No? Probably not, but it's definitely a gift that can't be returned.
The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) has released for public review and comment draft Unit Management Plans (UMPs) for two DEC campgrounds in the Adirondacks.
The UMPs for Caroga Lake and Piseco Lake campgrounds identify proposed upgrades and replacements for facilities and infrastructure during the next five years.
DEC will accept public comments on the UMPs until May 15, 2017, and will host a public availability session on May 3, 2017, from 10 am to 2 pm at the DEC Region 5 Northville Office, 701 South Main Street Northville.
The session will provide an opportunity for people to learn more about the proposed management actions in the UMPs, receive input on the proposals, and to ask questions about campground management. The meeting facility is wheelchair accessible. Call (518) 457-2500 at least two weeks in advance of the meeting with any specific accommodation requests.
Caroga Lake Campground
The Caroga Lake Campground is located off Route 29A, nine miles northwest of the city of Gloversville, Town of Caroga, Fulton County. The Draft UMP is available on the Caroga Lake Campground website.
The campground has 105 campsites (some designated as accessible for the mobility impaired), picnic area with tables and fireplaces (some designated as accessible for the mobility impaired), hot showers/flush toilets (some designated as accessible for the mobility impaired), trailer dump station, recycling center, firewood sales, boat launch (small craft), diversified exercise course with 18 exercise stations, sand beach, bathhouse, and guarded swimming area. The Caroga Lake Campground is open seasonally from late June till Labor Day.
The draft UMP for Caroga Lake Campground proposes the following management actions:
Replace two existing toilet buildings;
Convert three campsites to universal design;
Replace overhead lines with underground system, and install backup power system for water and sewer;
Convert vault toilet for storage;
Replace north and south perimeter fencing;
Install utility sinks at all toilet buildings;
Rehabilitate seawall at lakefront;
Rehabilitate 20 campsites;
Install information on aquatic invasive species and drop box at boat launch;
Provide foot wash stations at beach area;
Construct pavilion at day-use area; and,
Plant trees and shrubs.
Piseco Lake Campgrounds
The Piseco Lake Campgrounds UMP (PDF, 5.85 MB) guides management actions for Poplar Point, Little Sand Point and Point Comfort campgrounds. The three campgrounds are located on County Route 24, also known as Old Piseco Road, three to six miles west of the hamlet of Piseco. Piseco is on County Route 24, one mile north of the intersection with State Highway 8 and 10 miles west of Speculator.
Little Sand Point Campground has private, large and level sites nestled within the hardwood and conifer trees. Piseco Lake offers fine fishing, canoeing, sailing, and all types of water sports, as well as a concrete boat launch. Numerous hiking trails and the 133-mile long Northville-Lake Placid Trail are located just minutes away. Amenities include 78 campsites, boat launch, flush and vault toilets, firewood sales, pay telephone, trailer dumping station, recycling center, and hot showers.
Point Comfort Campground amenities include 76 tent and trailer sites. The campground offers fishing, canoeing, sailing, concrete boat launch, picnic area, vault toilets, recycling center, firewood sales, and bathhouse. Numerous hiking trails and the 133-mile long Northville-Lake Placid Trail are located just minutes away.
The draft UMP proposes the following management actions:
Replace ticket booths at 2 campgrounds;
Little Sand Point – Reconstruct comfort station #1;
Little Sand Point – Convert 4 campsites to universal design;
Little Sand Point – Pave and improve drainage on loop road;
Little Sand Point – Improve camper experience with site closures;
Little Sand Point – Relocate chlorination building;
Little Sand Point – Replace water lines;
Poplar Point – Redevelop area as no-fee boat launch;
Point Comfort – Improve site separation with site closures;
Point Comfort – Pave and improve drainage of loop road;
Point Comfort – Convert six vault toilets to three comfort stations with showers; and,
Point Comfort – Remove building 11 (old pump house).
Poplar Point Campground – As a result of limited attendance, staffing and resources, the UMP proposes closing Poplar Point to camping and redeveloping the facility as a No Fee day use area/ boat launch starting in 2017.
Copies of the draft UMPs are also available on computer disc and may be obtained by calling (518) 457-2500.
Public comment on all of the draft UMPs will be accepted through May 15, 2017, and can be submitted by mail to: Josh Houghton, NYS DEC Bureau of Recreation, 625 Broadway, Albany, NY 12233-5253, or by e-mail to campinfo@dec.ny.gov.
Former FBI director James Comey testified last week that soon after he was fired in mid-May, he asked a friend to share the contents of a memo in which he described a conversation with President Trump that Comey had found troubling.
“Didn't do it myself, for a variety of reasons,” Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee on June 8. “But I asked him to, because I thought that might prompt the appointment of a special counsel.”
With the news on Wednesday that special counsel Robert Mueller III is reportedly looking into whether Trump committed obstruction of justice, it appears Comey got what he was hoping for.
According to the Washington Post, Mueller's investigation as special counsel into Russian interference in the 2016 election has expanded to include whether Trump took steps to interfere with that probe. Trump and other officials have repeatedly denied that there was any collusion between his campaign and the Russian government, but an obstruction probe that focuses inward on the administration opens up a whole new front of legal and political risks for the president.
Although he was brought on to lead the Russia investigation, Mueller is allowed to look beyond it. When Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein tapped Mueller as special counsel — Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused from investigations related to the election — the appointment order said that Mueller was authorized to investigate Russian interference as well as “any matters that arose or may arise directly from the investigation.” That latter statement is a broad catch-all.
Defense lawyers told BuzzFeed News that Wednesday's report did not come as a surprise, given the amount of information that had already publicly surfaced. Shanlon Wu, a defense lawyer in Washington and a former federal prosecutor, said that it made “perfect sense” that Mueller's investigation at this point would encompass any allegations of obstruction.
“It would be the normal course if you were looking at this current situation and you have the former director of the FBI saying, ‘Oh, the president said this to me, I was feeling uncomfortable about it,' that [Mueller] would include a look at that,” Wu said.
Comey testified that he was concerned by conversations he had with Trump in which the president asked for his loyalty and seemed to be asking that Comey back off of investigating former national security adviser Mike Flynn. Comey stopped short of directly accusing Trump of obstruction, however.
Asked by Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr at the June 8 hearing if Comey thought that Trump's actions amounted to obstruction, Comey said it wasn't his place to answer that question, and dropped a not-so-subtle hint that he expected questions of obstruction to be part of Mueller's investigation.
“I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning, but that's a conclusion I'm sure the special counsel will work towards, to try and understand what the intention was there, and whether that's an offense,” Comey said.
The Washington Post also reported that Mueller's team was looking into conversations that Trump reportedly had with Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers about the Russia investigation.
Mark Corallo, a spokesman for Trump's personal attorney, Marc Kasowitz, released a statement in response to the Post story condemning the outflow of information about the investigation.
“The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal,” Corallo said in an email to BuzzFeed News. He declined to comment further on the substance of the Post's story.
In the last year, there's been a big drop in support for charter schools, while other forms of school choice are getting a little less unpopular. That's the top line of a national poll released today.
President Trump and his education secretary Betsy DeVos have put school choice front and center on their education agenda. The general idea of "choice," however, takes many forms.
Charter schools are paid for by tax dollars, charge no tuition and are managed independently of public school districts.
Vouchers allow students to use tax dollars to pay tuition at private schools.
Tax-credit scholarships, now available in 17 states, which allow individuals and companies to get a tax credit for donating to scholarship funds that are used in turn for private school tuition.
U.S. opinion on these ideas seems to be shifting, according to a new poll from EducationNext, an opinion and policy journal associated with free-market education reform ideas. They've been asking similar questions for the past decade.
Here are the latest results:
Charters: Last year 51 percent of the public supported "the formation of charter schools"; this year it's just 39 percent, a 12 point drop in one year.
Vouchers: 45 percent are either strongly or somewhat supportive of universal vouchers. That's a bounce from last year, but more or less in line with the five years before.
Tax credits: This was the most popular form of school choice with 55 percent of the general public supporting this year; also a one-year bounce, but in line with longer-term trends.
There's no one obvious explanation for the change in opinion on charter schools. The drop was seen among both Democrats and Republicans and amongst all racial and ethnic groups.
"That's the largest change on any survey item, and one of the largest single-year changes in opinion that we've seen over the 11-year history of the survey," Martin West, the editor-in-chief of EducationNext, said on a press conference call.
The wording of the question — about the formation of charter schools — may hold a clue. In theory, it might be possible to have very positive feelings about the charter schools currently in your community, yet still oppose new ones.
And the expansion of charters is exactly what communities around the country have been fighting over.
Last year the NAACP and Black Lives Matter called for a moratorium on the growth of charter schools (the NAACP called more recently for a ban on for-profit management of these schools). The state of Massachusetts saw a bruising fight over its charter cap. Detroit's proliferation of charters has been labeled "a glut" and "chaos." And charter expansion was the central issue in the school board race in Los Angeles, one of the biggest public school districts in the country.
The nationally representative poll breaks down respondents by political party, and there's a clear partisan divide on many issues, even as public opinion shifts. Last year, for example, 57 percent of Democrats favored universal vouchers, against 45 percent of Republicans. This year they've switched places: 62 percent of Republicans like them and only 50 percent of Democrats agree.
Zeroing in on that political divide, pollsters also measured what they called the "Trump effect." That is, how do responses change when some people are told that the president supports or opposes a particular issue?
They found that self-identified Republicans are more likely to support an issue if they are informed that Trump also supports it, while Democrats are the opposite. However, Trump's net influence is nearly nil, which makes him less of a force than President Obama was in this poll in 2009. Back then, when respondents on all sides were told the new President supported an education issue, they were more likely to back it, by double digits.
This poll, then, serves as a snapshot of what some have called the breakdown of a long-standing bipartisan consensus on education that dated back to No Child Left Behind.
Still, there is one enduring issue where blue- and red-state opinions are near-identical: approval of the local public schools. 55 percent of Republicans and 54 percent of Democrats give local schools a B or an A.
Ted Raymond, Newstalk 580 CFRA
Ottawa Police have laid charges against an Ottawa man and two people from Montreal, after several vehicles were stolen in the Capital last year.
Police began investigating in September of 2016, after several Toyota and Lexus SUVs began disappearing under similar circumstances. Police obtained some video later that year showing cars being stolen from people's driveways.
The value of the stolen vehicles is estimated at $745,000.
With the help of the Montreal and York Regional Police, as well as the Canada Border Services Agency and the Insurance Bureau of Canada, Ottawa Police say they were able to get many of the stolen vehicles back, thanks to tips from the public or seizures at ports of entry.
Ottawa Police say a total of 141 charges have been laid against three people in connection with this investigation. They include theft of a motor vehicle, possession of break-in instruments, and conspiracy to commit and indictable offense.
Charged are:
Gaetjens Joseph, 41, of Ottawa;
Edson Jolicoeur, 42, of Montreal; and
Ronex Alexandre, 23, of Montreal
Police say Alexandre is still wanted in connection with this case.
NYC's mayor and 'co-mayor' are throwing city in the gutter In the search for the perfect metaphor to sum up Bill de Blasio's misbegotten mayoralty, it will be hard to top the scene at City Hall the other day. The...
Iran is pushing Israel into war If a Mideast war breaks out anytime soon, Israel's critics will likely accuse Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of wagging the dog. They'll be wrong. As Netanyahu makes the rounds in...
Trump may visit Jerusalem for opening of new embassy President Trump and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday celebrated the US decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital in their first stateside meeting since the decision was announced —and...
Netanyahu crony turns state's witness in corruption probe One of Benjamin Netanyahu's closest confidants will give Israeli cops recordings of conversations between the prime minister and his wife under a deal he cut with Israeli authorities, a new...
Police question Netanyahu over telecom case JERUSALEM — Israeli media say police are questioning Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as part of an investigation into a corruption case involving the country's telecom giant. Army Radio and other...
Netanyahu's confidant to testify against him in corruption probes JERUSALEM — A confidant of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has agreed to turn state's witness in one of several corruption investigations posing a serious threat to the conservative leader's...
Polish president slammed for anti-Semitic remarks Poland's prime minister came under fire once again for making an anti-Semitic remark when he said “Jewish perpetrators” were involved in the Holocaust, prompting a stern rebuke from Israeli Prime...
Iran will 'respond seriously' if US gives up nuclear deal MUNICH — Iran's foreign minister is rejecting the idea that Tehran wouldn't respond if the United States gives up on the 2015 nuclear accord with world powers. Israeli Prime Minister...
Netanyahu warns Iran: 'Do not test Israel's resolve' MUNICH — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu slammed an international agreement with Iran on Sunday, saying it has emboldened the regime in Tehran to become increasingly aggressive in the region....
A man who was arrested in court last year for being under the influence of opiates during a hearing was sentenced Tuesday to a term of community control sanctions after he violated the rules of an alternative sentencing program.
Bret R. Ledford, 36, Clarksville, appeared in Highland County Common Pleas Court on Tuesday for his sentencing hearing after being terminated from the intervention in lieu of conviction program offered by the Highland County Prosecutor's Office.
As part of the program, first-time, low-level offenders can have felony charges against them dismissed if they enter a plea of guilty and successfully complete a year or more of supervision.
If they violate the terms of their supervision, they can be removed from the program and sentenced on their charges.
The specifics of Ledford's violation were not mentioned in court documents.
A spokeswoman for the Highland County Probation Department declined to release the nature of the violation.
As previously reported, Ledford was arrested in court last summer after he tested positive for opiates during court proceedings.
Ledford had appeared in court on June 21, 2017 for a pre-trial hearing after being charged with aggravated possession of methamphetamine, a fifth-degree felony, and possession of heroin, a fourth-degree felony.
During hearings prior to his, Ledford appeared to be sweating and drifting off, and when he went before Judge Rocky Coss, the judge asked him if he was feeling alright.
Ledford replied that he was feeling fine, and when Coss asked him if he would test positive for drugs, Ledford said he would not.
Coss ordered a recess and Ledford gave a urine sample, which tested positive for opiates.
“I knew you were having some issue when I was watching you, so I'm not surprised by the result,” Coss said when proceedings resumed, adding that the results indicated Ledford had taken some type of opiate just before proceedings began.
Coss ordered Ledford be arrested and held until his next hearing. Ledford was later granted entry into the intervention program.
On Tuesday, Judge Rocky Coss ordered that Ledford be placed on community control for a period of three years and complete a drug treatment program which he had voluntarily entered.
Reach David Wright at 937-402-2570, or on Twitter @DavidWrighter.
Bret Ledford, right, sits in Highland County Common Pleas Court on Tuesday during a sentencing hearing. Also shown is defense attorney Denny Kirk. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/04/web1_fbretledford.jpg Bret Ledford, right, sits in Highland County Common Pleas Court on Tuesday during a sentencing hearing. Also shown is defense attorney Denny Kirk. David Wright | The Times-Gazette
Ledford arrested in 2017 for being under influence in court
2:19 What its like for hot cosplayers to survive Comic Con While cosplaying, or dressing up like your favorite comic, TV or movie character, can be a lot of fun, it also comes with some downsides. These cosplayers from the 2016 New York Comic Con shared their experiences with creeps.
1:38 This video about boobs will also teach you about words Everyone knows what cleavage means, but where did the word originally come from? It actually originates from Hollywood and the severe censorship standards of the 1940s. Video research from "Totally Scripted: Idioms, Words and Quotes from Hollywood to Broadway That Have Changed the English Language" by Josh Chetwynd (Lyons Press).
2:32 You can pay this guy to take you for a walk They call him The People walker. Chuck McCarthy doesn't fit the mold of his fellow Hollywood actors. Instead of waiting tables to make an extra buck, the bearded performer charges $7 a mile to walk people around Los Angeles.
French President Emmanuel Macron, left, and U.S. President Donald Trump stand in the Oval Office before a meeting during a state visit to the White House April 24.
The latest installment of Donald Trump and Emmanuel Macron's alpha-male one-upmanship played out at the White House Tuesday during a state visit by the French leader.
As the two presidents spoke to cameras in the Oval Office, Trump, 71, flicked at 40-year-old Macron's shoulder.
“I'll get that little piece of dandruff off,” he said. “We have to make him perfect -- he is perfect.”
Trump and Macron have had a muscular relationship since their first meeting at a NATO summit last year, when the French head of state gripped his counterpart's hand so hard he couldn't pull it away, even though he tried.
Both men have consistently talked up their special relationship. But they also share a particular rivalry.
— With assistance by Helene Fouquet
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) — Two people are recovering in the hospital following a stabbing in a Dayton home.
It happened in the 1000 block of Linden Avenue just after 3 a.m. Monday.
A man and woman were loaded into the back of a medic unit. Both appeared to be suffering from injuries to their hands.
Both were alert and conscious. Police say they are suffering from non-life threatening injuries.
Dayton Police are investigating; however, the victims aren't cooperating in that investigation.
Police say the victims won't give suspect information to fill them in on who might have done this.
Right now — there's no word on if the incident was a domestic dispute, or if suspects could still be on the loose.
We'll keep talking to police throughout the morning. As soon as we have more, we'll let you know.
MTA worker tragedy causes LIRR misery for Belmont fans Straphangers catching the LIRR to the Belmont Stakes were snarled by a tragedy on Saturday, when an MTA worker was fatally struck by a train in Queens. The unidentified victim,...
Belmont Stakes betting guide: Field, odds and the winner is ... An inside look at how the 149th Belmont Stakes shapes up (morning-line odds in parentheses): 1. Twisted Tom (20-1) Current form: New player in the Triple Crown series brings a...
Bobby Flay buys interest in Belmont horse Last year, Flay bought an interest in Creator just before the colt won the Belmont by a nose.
Creator wins in a wild Belmont Stakes Creator closed with a rush and caught Destin at the wire to win the $1.5 million Belmont Stakes on Saturday, with Preakness winner Exaggerator finishing well back in the field....
The best bars to watch the Belmont Stakes If you can't make it to the track for the Belmont Stakes on Saturday, these viewing parties will take you to the finish line. Race day begins at 1 p.m....
Blow-by-blow breakdown of how Lani will steal Belmont Stakes Belmont Park's biggest day on the calendar took a hit when Nyquist was defeated in the Preakness. Disappointing sure, but in some ways refreshing. Can't have a Triple Crown threat...
Belmont Stakes betting guide: Exaggerator or an upset? Here's all the information you need to bet Saturday's 148th running of the Belmont Stakes. While it can't match last year's Triple Crown triumph by American Pharoah in terms of...
Why few are cashing in on their American Pharoah bets Souvenirs, everyone? A $2 ticket on American Pharoah to win the Belmont Stakes may be worth a lot more money later than now. Or, people are hanging on to their...
Triple Crown jockey living large after triumph American Pharoah flew first class, but couldn't even get carrots after his historic Triple Crown victory, while his jockey rode a high horse through the Big Apple and enjoyed a...
President Donald Trump proposed seeking the death penalty for some drug dealers, complimented a Clinton Foundation program that provides free overdose drugs to schools, and pledged to boost research for non-addictive painkillers as he outlined his plan to combat the opioid-abuse epidemic.
“Some of these drug dealers will kill thousands of people during their lifetimes,” Trump said Monday at a community college in Manchester, New Hampshire. “This is about winning a very, very tough problem, and if we don't get tough on these dealers, it's not going to happen.”
Trump also praised closely held Adapt Pharma Inc. for providing Narcan -- a nasal spray that can reverse overdoses -- for free to universities and high schools. That company partnered with the Clinton Foundation last year to give 40,000 doses of Narcan to colleges throughout the U.S.
Opiant Pharmaceuticals Inc., which makes Narcan and licenses it to Adapt Pharma, surged as much as 56 percent after Trump invited an Adapt executive to join him on stage and discuss the charitable program.
Trump has vowed since his 2016 campaign to curb drug abuse, which caused more than 64,000 overdose deaths last year, according to the Centers for Disease Control. The president has attached the effort to his call for a wall along the southern U.S. border, saying it would cut the illegal flow of drugs and people who sell them.
“Eventually the Democrats will agree with us” to build the wall and “to keep the damn drugs out,” Trump said.
The president's plan calls for the Justice Department to seek the death penalty against drug traffickers “where appropriate under current law.” The president argues that drug dealers are responsible for more fatalities than murderers sentenced to death.
Potentially Unconstitutional
Critics have warned that the president's effort might be ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court, which in 2008 limited the death penalty to crimes that result in a victim's death or crimes against the state, like treason, espionage or terrorism. Death penalty cases also cost the government substantially more to prosecute.
“The draconian law enforcement provisions included in this proposal are unconstitutional and absurd,” Jesselyn McCurdy, the deputy director of the American Civil Liberties Union Washington legislative office, said in a statement.
Separately, the president called on Congress to pass laws lowering the drug-possession threshold to trigger mandatory minimum sentences. Trump, who last year declared the opioid crisis a national health emergency, said he would start a public awareness campaign to reduce Americans' dependence on the drugs. But he has stopped short of declaring a national state of emergency as suggested by the presidential commission he empaneled to study the issue.
Trump was quoted last year by the Washington Post as having called New Hampshire “a drug-infested den” in a call soon after his inauguration with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto.
The president also said the Justice Department is “looking very seriously at bringing major litigation” against some drug companies that produce opioids. He said he wants to address the problem of over-prescribing and boost research of non-addictive painkillers. The administration also plans on “spending a lot of money on great commercials” that show the ill effects of drug addiction.
“The best way to beat the drug crisis is to keep people from getting hooked in the first place,” Trump said.
Trump was joined on the trip by embattled Attorney General Jeff Sessions, whom the president has repeatedly and publicly criticized for having recused himself from Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russia's meddling in the 2016 election. Sessions has been subject to rumors that he could be among the next top-level administration officials to lose their jobs after the departure last week of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
— With assistance by Jennifer Epstein
An Argentine prosecutor is seeking judicial permission to investigate President Mauricio Macri and two other high level officials over last year's settlement of a debt owed to the government by a company owned by the president's father.
Federal prosecutor Juan Pedro Zoni says the settlement did not protect the public interest adequately and the officials should be investigated. A federal judge must now decide whether an investigation is warranted for Macri, Communication Minister Oscar Aguad and the ministry's director of legal affairs, Juan Manuel Mocoroa.
The case involves Correo Argentino, the country's post office that was owned by the president's father in the 1990s until it went bankrupt in 2001. The government agreed last year to settle the debt of almost 300 million pesos by having the company pay back twice that amount but in installments spread out until 2033.
Last week, the general prosecutor of the Appellate Court, Gabriela Boquin, ruled the deal was prejudicial to the state.
Image copyright PA
Ryanair has called on UK airports to enforce a two-drink limit, after a BBC Panorama investigation suggested arrests of drunken passengers have risen by 50% in a year.
The airline has already banned customers from drinking duty-free alcohol on board.
A total of 387 people were arrested between February 2016 and February 2017 - up from 255 the previous year.
The Home Office is "considering" calls for tougher rules on alcohol.
The arrest figures obtained by Panorama came from 18 out of the 20 police forces with a major airport in their area.
Ryanair already stops people flying from Glasgow Prestwick and Manchester to Alicante and Ibiza from bringing alcohol on board the aircraft at all.
The company is urging airports to ban the sale of alcohol before 10am and to limit the number of drinks per boarding pass to a maximum of two.
Ryanair's Kenny Jacobs said: "This is an issue which the airports must now address.
"We are calling for significant changes to prohibit the sale of alcohol at airports, particularly with early morning flights and when flights are delayed."
'Barmaids in the sky'
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ally Murphy: "Drunk passenger tried to open plane door"
Trade body Airlines UK said it should be made illegal for people to drink their own alcohol on board a plane.
Meanwhile, more than half of cabin crew who responded to a survey said they had witnessed disruptive drunken passenger behaviour at UK airports.
A total of 19,000 of the Unite union's cabin crew members were surveyed and 4,000 responded, with one in five saying they had suffered physical abuse.
A former cabin crew manager with Virgin, Ally Murphy, quit her job last October after 14 years and told Panorama: "People just see us as barmaids in the sky.
"They would touch your breasts, or they'd touch your bum or your legs. I've had hands going up my skirt before."
Speaking to Radio 5live, DJ Judge Jules, said he witnessed the same sort of behaviour.
"People sort of stealing stuff from the drinks trolley, people groping the cabin crew, people groping one another. I mean the list is endless," he said.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A House of Lords committee report called for tougher rules on the sale of alcohol at airports
In July 2016 the aviation industry introduced a voluntary code of conduct on disruptive passengers, which most of the big airlines and airports signed up to.
The code's advice included asking retailers to warn passengers not to consume duty-free purchases on the plane, while staff were also asked not to sell alcohol to passengers who appeared drunk.
Panorama found more than a quarter of cabin crew surveyed were unaware of the code of practice and, of those who had heard of it, only 23% thought it was working.
Alcohol in the air
Entering an aircraft when drunk or being drunk on an aircraft is a criminal offence, with a maximum sentence of two years' imprisonment
Licensing laws which prevent the sale of alcohol outside permitted hours do not apply to airside sales of alcohol at UK international airports. Bars can remain open to serve passengers on the earliest and latest flights - from 04:00 in some cases
About 270m passengers passed through UK airports last year* and about a fifth of all duty-free purchases involved wine and spirits**
The Civil Aviation Authority reported a 600% increase in disruptive passenger incidents in the UK between 2012 and 2016 with "most involving alcohol". They say the increase is partly down to improved reporting of incidents
Sources: Airlines UK* and UK Travel Retail Forum**
Airlines can limit the amount of alcohol sold to passengers on board flights.
Low-cost airline Jet2 has already banned alcohol sales on flights before 08:00 and managing director Phil Ward agreed further action was needed.
"I think they [airports] could do more. I think the retailers could do more as well.
"Two litre steins of beer in bars, mixes and miniatures in duty-free shops, which can only be there for one reason - you know, they're items that are not sold on the high street.
"We can't allow it not to change."
Your tales of drunken passengers:
"One passenger was so drunk he had to have a member of crew do up his seat belt. During landing we had passengers standing up, despite repeatedly being told to sit down. I heard the most despicable things, totally racist and sexist and disgusting." Nikki Webber
"There was one woman whose language was vile all through the flight with the hen party. The last straw was once the plane had landed, she walked up the aisle and shouted the vilest language in front of my son." Sharon Richards
"As the plane is landing... the lads remove their (seatbelts) and start scrapping really badly. I looked around and I saw one lad kick the girl behind me. They kicked me and without thinking about it I heard myself shouting really loudly at them to sit down and put their seatbelts back on." Tania Chambers
"One passenger was so drunk by the end of the flight, he was unable to leave the aircraft unaided by the time we arrived. The departure time was before 8am." Paul Shah
"I was seated just behind a stag group who had been drinking in the airport and continued to drink duty free clear spirits from water bottles on the flight. The airline staff did not serve any alcohol that flight and moved a family with young children." David Moult
A House of Lords committee report earlier this year called for tougher rules on the sale of alcohol at airports.
The Home Office said it was considering the report's recommendations, which include revoking the airports' exemption from the Licensing Act, "and will respond in due course".
Karen Dee, chief executive of the Airport Operators Association, said: "I don't accept that the airports don't sell alcohol responsibly. It's the misuse of it and drinking to excess and then behaving badly."
She said they were working with retailers and staff to make sure they understand the rules.
Watch Panorama: Plane Drunk on Monday 14 August on BBC One at 20:30 BST and afterwards on BBC iPlayer
Vegas shooter bought 33 guns in the past year Las Vegas madman Stephen Paddock had been stocking up on firearms since 1982 — and bought 33 within the last year alone, officials said Wednesday. Paddock's purchases did not raise...
'American Guns' reality star convicted of selling guns illegally The star of the reality TV show “American Guns” faces up to 15 years in prison after his conviction last week on firearms and tax evasion charges. Richard Wyatt, 53,...
NFL tabs ATF chief to oversee player discipline NFL honchos have enlisted Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives chief B. Todd Jones to lead a blitz against the league's bad-boy players, says a source familiar with the...
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. — Alabama's U.S. Senate campaign entered its last day Monday with the candidates making final appeals for votes and a war of robocalls between President Donald Trump and former President Barack Obama. There was a flurry of bogus news as well.
Trump recorded a call touting Republican Roy Moore, accused by several women of sexual misconduct, and saying Republicans needed his vote in the Senate. Obama and former Vice-President Joe Biden are supporting Democrat Doug Jones, seeking to break the GOP's lock on statewide office in Alabama.
With polls opening Tuesday, a flurry of bogus news stories has appeared on social media spreading misinformation about the race. One website falsely proclaimed that one of the women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. On the other side, Moore's detractors took to social media to falsely claim that Moore had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office.
Around 200 stories flagged as false or misleading relating to the race surfaced on Facebook by the weekend, according to a count by The Associated Press, one of several fact-checking organizations working with Facebook to deter the spread of false content on the platform.
In a morning stop at a diner in Birmingham, Jones accused Moore of disappearing during the campaign's closing days and claimed the Republican wasn't even in Alabama over the weekend.
“We're making sure our message is getting across while Roy Moore hides behind whoever he's hiding behind,” said Jones.
Moore has made only a few public appearances since women came forward to accuse him of sexual misconduct years ago — including one who said he molested her when she was 14. He was in Montgomery for a Christmas party on Sunday evening, but his campaign hasn't responded to questions about his whereabouts the rest of the weekend.
Moore was set to appear Monday night at a rally in rural southeast Alabama with former Trump chief strategist Steve Bannon, making his third trip to the state to support Moore.
Alabama Democrats see the special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
Moore, a former judge twice removed as state chief justice for violating judicial ethics, has spent two decades advocating conservative Christian positions. Jones is a former federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in a 1963 church bombing.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
The matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
“This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for,” Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that his campaign “is on the right side of history.” At an earlier appearance, he declared Alabama is “at a crossroads” and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to “create conflict and division.”
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
“Elect a responsible man to a responsible office,” Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. “I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom,” said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, “will be a whole new bottom.”
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that he did not vote for Moore, saying he wrote in another “distinguished” party figure he declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that he molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
“Everyone has to vote their convictions,” said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as he held his Bible outside his Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. “My conviction is he's the right man for the job.”
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands “on the word of God.” Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mould of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
—-
Barrow reported from Mobile, Alabama; Chandler reported from Huntsville Alabama. Follow Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https://twitter.com/StatehouseKim. AP writer Jay Reeves contributed to this report from Birmingham. Follow Reeves on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Jay–Reeves.
The Kremlin says U.S. media reports about Russian intelligence connections to Trump's presidential campaign are groundless.
Russia says it will not hand back Crimea to Ukraine or discuss the matter with foreign partners after the White House says Trump expects the annexed Black Sea peninsula to be returned.
NETANYAHU MEETING
Trump will host Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for talks that could shape Middle East policy as Palestinians warn the White House not to abandon their goal of an independent state.
BUSINESS
Trump will welcome the chief executive officers of Target Corp, Best Buy Co Inc and six other major retailers to the White House to discuss tax reform and infrastructure.
NATO
Trump's defense secretary seeks to reassure NATO of steadfast U.S. support at talks in Brussels as nervous European allies try to look past the president's rhetoric and the turmoil within his administration.
OBAMACARE
Trump's vow to roll back government regulations at least 75 percent is causing anxiety for some pharmaceutical executives that a less robust Food and Drug Administration would make it harder to secure insurance coverage for pricey new medicines.
BAKERSFIELD, Calif. — Damiyne Durham had 19 points and three steals and Rickey Holden scored six of his 10 points in the final five minutes to help CSU Bakersfield hold on for a 66-55 win over Idaho on Saturday night.
Jarkel Joiner finished with 13 points and Justin Davis scored 10 for Bakersfield (6-6).
Idaho scored seven in a row to pull within three points before Durham stole a pass and hit Holden for a fast-break layup and-1. Durham then made a jumper and Holden made 3-pointer to give the Roadrunners a 58-47 lead with three minutes to go. Brayon Blake converted a 3-point play to trim the deficit to eight points, but Joiner made a short jumper and then assisted on Brent Wrapp's 3-pointer that made it 66-53 with 16 seconds left.
Victor Sanders scored 20 points on 6-of-16 shooting for Idaho (6-3). Blake shot 6 of 7 from the field and had 16 points and seven rebounds before fouling out.
The Vandals scored the first seven points and took a six-point lead after Blake's 3-pointer midway through the first half. Idaho committed five turnovers and missed its next eight field-goal attempts as Durham hit three 3s during a 15-0 run that made it 23-16 and the Roadrunners led the rest of the way.
The Bolivar Commercial reports that Delta State University has issued a request for proposals, aiming to pick a developer sometime this summer.
The university closed the Derrall Foreman Golf Course in 2017, saying the course cost too much to operate in the face of state budget cuts. As the school was doing so, the Legislature enacted a law letting Delta State lease the land for up to 50 years. College Board trustees must approve any lease.
Uses allowed under the law include a conference center, hotel, houses, apartments and a par-three golf course. University employees and students would get first rights to any houses or apartments.
Some golfers opposed the course's closure.
If an unexpected obstacle stops you from moving in a particular direction today you should see it as a sign that the universe is trying to keep you from harm. The planets are trying to tell you something Aquarius. Be smart and listen.
RENO COUNTY – The suspect in a February 4, stabbing in a vehicle in Hutchinson's Carey Park was in court Tuesday to hear the formal reading of charges.
Elijah B. Norris, 28, is now charged with aggravated battery- domestic violence, possession of marijuana with intent to distribute and possession of drug paraphernalia.
The victim who had been stabbed multiple times in the head and was bleeding profusely when police arrived was first taken to Hutchinson Regional Medical Center, then transported to Via-Christi St. Francis Regional Medical Center for treatment which included stitches for the five wounds she suffered. There were two children in the vehicle, ages one and three. They were safe and unharmed.
Police located Norris and EMS transported him to Hutchinson Regional Medical Center for a laceration to his hand believed to have occurred during the attack.
Officers also found a bloody kitchen knife as well as several small plastic baggies of suspected marijuana believed to be connected to the case. One had blood on it. The total weight being over 25 grams according to the complaint.
Norris has served time in prison for aggravated battery, possession of drugs and burglary and his case now moves to a future waiver-status docket. He remains jailed on a $50,000 Bond.
The suspect in a terror-related attack in New York City has been identified as Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant who lives in Brooklyn.
The suspect — who had the device affixed to his body by velcro and zipties, according to police — was being treated for wounds and burns at Bellevue Hospital.
"He did make statements but we're not going to talk about that right now," NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill said at a press conference after the Monday morning incident in a subway passageway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal.
Authorities said it was unclear if the man planned for the device to explode where it did or if he had another target.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Moment of NYC blast caught on camera 3:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Mayor Bill de Blasio said it appeared the suspect acted alone.
"All we know of is one individual who thank god was unsuccessful in his aims," de Blasio said.
This is a developing story, check back for updates.
Any Nigerian anywhere is safe – Lai Mohammed
The minister of information, Lai Mohammed, has assured Nigerians that the federal government is on top situation and ‘that any Nigerian anywhere is safe, the security authorities are completely on top of the matter and that they will deal decisively with any group of people whose conduct that is believed is going to create instability in the country.'
Lai Mohammed said this while speaking with state house correspondents after the weekly federal executive council (FEC) meeting, Mohammed said all necessary efforts were being made to address the situation.
He said “We want to make comments on what is agitating the minds of Nigerians, that is the call for people from certain parts of the country to relocate to their region. Generally very disquieting voices,” he said.
“We just want to assure Nigerians that the federal government is on top of the matter and that yesterday (Tuesday), the acting president addressed leaders from the northern part of the country.
“He is going to address leaders from the southeastern part of the country. On Friday he is going to address south-eastern traditional rulers and leaders of thoughts.
“On June 22, there is going to be a meeting of all the groups that is, traditional rulers, religious leaders and leaders of thoughts from both the south-east and north part of Nigeria.
“The idea is not just to assure Nigerians that we are doing something about it but also to give comfort to all Nigerians that this matter is completely under control.
“To assure Nigerians that any Nigerian anywhere is safe, the security authorities are completely on top of the matter and that they will deal decisively with any group of people whose conduct that is believed is going to create instability in the country.
“So there is no need for anybody to panic, there is no need for anybody to move from any part of the country. The security agencies are on top of the matter and there is no reason for anybody to panic. ”
The post Any Nigerian anywhere is safe – Lai Mohammed appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Russian Sports Minister Pavel Kolobkov has claimed he and International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) President Sebastian Coe have set out a "roadmap" for the next two months to help his country get reinstated.
The Russian Athletics Federation (RusAF) has been banned by the IAAF since November 2015 and the country's athletes currently have to compete as neutrals.
Kolobkov, though, is optimistic that the RusAF is heading the right direction following his meeting at the IAAF's headquarters in Monte Carlo.
As well as Coe, Rune Andersen, head of the IAAF Taskforce for Russia, was also present at the meeting.
"We had a working conversation with Coe and Rune Andersen," Kolobkov told Russian website sports.ru.
"We discussed the question of the restoration of RusAF and detailed a roadmap.
"This meeting was very important.
"We made a plan of action for the next two months.
"In June, the IAAF Council will meet, where the important decisions regarding our Federation will be made."
The duo apparently met at IAAF headquarters in Monte Carlo ©Getty Images
Kolobkov added: "We agreed to continue dialogue on a regular basis because everybody is interested in the quick restoration of RusAF.
"There are a number of unresolved issues, which do not require public discussion.
"The main thing is that we are working and communicating with each other in order to find a common decision."
Yesterday's meeting between the two Olympic champions comes after Kolobkov met officials from the IAAF and the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) at the SportAccord Summit in Bangkok last week.
WADA President Sir Craig Reedie claimed they had "made some progress" during the meeting.
RusAF were suspended by the IAAF following the Russian doping scandal, which saw the country's Government accused of running a state-supported doping programme.
This has led to clean Russian athletes applying to IAAF to compete at international events under the banner of neutral athletes.
The Russian Olympic Committee (ROC) also had their membership of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) suspended following the doping scandal, but it was reinstated within a few days of the end of this year's 2018 Winter Olympic Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea.
Insidethegames has contacted the IAAF for a response to the report in the Russian media.
MONTEZUMA, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Three people are dead following an accident involving multiple vehicles in Montezuma.
The Georgia State Patrol says 33-year-old Shelby Shaw was driving on GA 49 Tuesday morning when she tried to pass the driver in an SUV. Troopers say Shelby's Chevrolet Impala hit the driver of a Ford F-150 that was traveling in the southbound lane. That impact caused the Impala to also hit the driver of a Mercedes and the driver of the SUV.
- Advertisement -
Shaw, along with the driver of the F-F150 was killed in the crash. 80-year-old Annie Harris was also killed. She was the passenger in the F-150.
This accident is still under investigation.
Image copyright London Fire Brigade Image caption The blaze broke out at a car workshop at an industrial estate in West Drayton
A huge fire has broken out at a car workshop on a west London industrial estate.
Ten fire engines and 72 firefighters are tackling the blaze in Trout Road, West Drayton, London Fire Brigade said.
Shaun Coltress, from the service, said: "The fire has been contained to the unit of origin but firefighters are likely to remain for some time."
The cause of the fire is not yet known. Crews from Hillingdon, Hayes, Heathrow, Southall and Feltham are at the scene.
JAKARTA: A conference of Islamic scholars from Saudi Arabia, Indonesia and Malaysia on Monday explored the role of universities in strengthening moderate Islamic thought.
They urged Muslim communities to combat religious extremism and societal division by spreading knowledge about moderate Islam.
The conference was organized by the Muslim World League (MWL) and Al-Azhar Indonesia University in Jakarta.
The scholars said intensifying dialogue on moderate Islam will help veer young Muslims away from those who want to destroy the religion, its people and its civilization.
In his opening remarks, MWL Secretary-General Mohammed bin Abdul Karim Al-Issa said a small faction of the roughly 1.8 billion Muslims worldwide has distorted understanding of Islam.
“The majority of Muslims around the world understand the right conception about Islam, except a minority few who have no idea about the core of Islamic teachings,” he said, adding that universities play an important role in rectifying misconceptions about Islam and terrorism.
Daesh “is just a small community in Islam, but it's widespread due to the proliferation of the Internet. It's our obligation, including universities, to set the record straight about the real Islamic teachings.”
Jakarta's Governor-elect Anies Rasyid Baswedan, who was a panelist at the conference, said extremism flourishes when people do not think critically.
“It's not just religious extremism but extremism in any field, any sector. University is the place to nurture critical thinking and creativity,” said the former rector of Paramadina University and education minister.
Indonesia has had to deal with rising extremism among its youths. A 2016 study by the Wahid Institute in Jakarta showed that more than 60 percent of 1,626 activists in Islamic study groups in schools and universities expressed willingness to wage what they believe is jihad in areas torn by religious conflict.
According to police data, some 600 Indonesians have gone to Syria to join Daesh. Some have returned in phases, most recently a group of 18 Indonesians who arrived in Jakarta on Saturday and are in police detention.
A Wahid Institute survey released in February showed that Indonesia saw an increase in violations of religious freedom from 190 in 2015 to 204 last year.
Institute Director Yenny Wahid said while the common perception is that lack of education is the main cause of radicalization, the survey found that economic inequality and feelings of alienation contributed the most to radicalization.
Speakers at the conference said it is important for the MWL and educational and social institutions in Indonesia to cooperate further to provide educational assistance to Muslims in Southeast Asia, roll out development programs in the region and address problems such as poverty.
Indonesian Religious Affairs Minister Lukman Hakim Saifuddin said moderation is an Islamic characteristic that promotes fairness, respect for diversity and openness to various groups in society.
“One of the main principles of dialogue to maintain diversity and togetherness is not to look down on other people and insult other religions' symbols, which could cause a backlash,” he said.
Din Syamsuddin, head of the Indonesian Council of Ulemma's advisory board, said in order for various faiths' followers to get along, they should respect each other's religious domains.
JAKARTA: A conference of Islamic scholars from Saudi Arabia, Indonesia and Malaysia on Monday explored the role of universities in strengthening moderate Islamic thought.
They urged Muslim communities to combat religious extremism and societal division by spreading knowledge about moderate Islam.
The conference was organized by the Muslim World League (MWL) and Al-Azhar Indonesia University in Jakarta.
The scholars said intensifying dialogue on moderate Islam will help veer young Muslims away from those who want to destroy the religion, its people and its civilization.
In his opening remarks, MWL Secretary-General Mohammed bin Abdul Karim Al-Issa said a small faction of the roughly 1.8 billion Muslims worldwide has distorted understanding of Islam.
“The majority of Muslims around the world understand the right conception about Islam, except a minority few who have no idea about the core of Islamic teachings,” he said, adding that universities play an important role in rectifying misconceptions about Islam and terrorism.
Daesh “is just a small community in Islam, but it's widespread due to the proliferation of the Internet. It's our obligation, including universities, to set the record straight about the real Islamic teachings.”
Jakarta's Governor-elect Anies Rasyid Baswedan, who was a panelist at the conference, said extremism flourishes when people do not think critically.
“It's not just religious extremism but extremism in any field, any sector. University is the place to nurture critical thinking and creativity,” said the former rector of Paramadina University and education minister.
Indonesia has had to deal with rising extremism among its youths. A 2016 study by the Wahid Institute in Jakarta showed that more than 60 percent of 1,626 activists in Islamic study groups in schools and universities expressed willingness to wage what they believe is jihad in areas torn by religious conflict.
According to police data, some 600 Indonesians have gone to Syria to join Daesh. Some have returned in phases, most recently a group of 18 Indonesians who arrived in Jakarta on Saturday and are in police detention.
A Wahid Institute survey released in February showed that Indonesia saw an increase in violations of religious freedom from 190 in 2015 to 204 last year.
Institute Director Yenny Wahid said while the common perception is that lack of education is the main cause of radicalization, the survey found that economic inequality and feelings of alienation contributed the most to radicalization.
Speakers at the conference said it is important for the MWL and educational and social institutions in Indonesia to cooperate further to provide educational assistance to Muslims in Southeast Asia, roll out development programs in the region and address problems such as poverty.
Indonesian Religious Affairs Minister Lukman Hakim Saifuddin said moderation is an Islamic characteristic that promotes fairness, respect for diversity and openness to various groups in society.
“One of the main principles of dialogue to maintain diversity and togetherness is not to look down on other people and insult other religions' symbols, which could cause a backlash,” he said.
Din Syamsuddin, head of the Indonesian Council of Ulemma's advisory board, said in order for various faiths' followers to get along, they should respect each other's religious domains.
CDC officials have been describing this year's flu season as a tough one — almost the entire United States has been hit with widespread flu activity at the same time.
“This is an unusual pattern for the U.S.,” the CDC's Dr. Daniel Jernigan said.
Related: How to prevent flu? Wash your hands
“For the prior three weeks, we have had 49 states with widespread activity, which is something we haven't seen since collecting this data.”
Oregon is seeing a little less activity, bringing the total to 48 states with widespread infection, down from 49 the prior week. CDC officials said they hoped that meant the epidemic may finally be waning, at least in the west.
Flu causes an epidemic every year. Flu kills between 12,000 to 56,000 Americans every year, depending on how rough the season is, and it puts 140,000 to 710,000 people into the hospital.
The last time flu put 710,000 people into the hospital was the 2014-2015 flu season. This season may be on track to have even more flu hospitalizations, although the full count won't be in for weeks yet.
Related: Why this year's bad flu season is good for the flu vaccine
"The hospitalization rate is the highest that we have seen" since 2010, Schuchat said.
"What we are saying is that so far this year, the cumulative rate of hospitalizations is the highest since we've been tracking in this way, which goes back to 2010."
The CDC measures flu activity in several ways. The rate of deaths from influenza is not as high as it was in 2014-2015, Jernigan said. Deaths from pneumonia and influenza are at 9.7 percent of all deaths being reported.
Schuchat and Jernigan said weeks more remain in the flu season and it's not too late to get vaccinated.
"We continue to recommend the flu vaccine," Schuchat said. Flu vaccines on the market protect against three or four strains of influenza, and all four strains are circulating. The most common virus putting people into the hospital is the H3N2 strain and the vaccine is not terribly effective against that strain, but it works better against H1N1, which is also circulating, and the two influenza B strains Schuchat said.
There are spot shortages of antiviral medications to fight flu, such as Tamiflu, Schuchat said. "Patients may have to call more than one pharmacy to fill their prescriptions," she said.
And she said people should not worry too much about unusual side-effects. "The fears about very severe side-effects of antivirals have not held up under robust examination," Schuchat said.
Flu seasons can last for as long as 20 weeks, the CDC notes. The U.S. has had 10 weeks of elevated influenza-like-illness, so weeks more could remain.
Pregnant women, people with respiratory disease, the very old and the very young have the highest risk from flu, but the CDC said half of those who have been hospitalized have had no underlying conditions that would put them at high risk.
Half the children who have died from flu so far were perfectly healthy, the CDC said, and 20 percent of those who died had been vaccinated. Kids have died from all the circulating influenza strains.
Worried parents need to keep an eye out for signs of serious flu, which include trouble breathing very high fever, rapid breathing, and symptoms that appear to get better and then suddenly worsen again -- pointing to a potential secondary infection.
Image copyright Google Image caption Mount Zion House is home to a number of community and charitable projects
Windows have been smashed and damage has been caused during an attempted burglary at a community centre in Lurgan, County Armagh overnight.
The break-in at Mount Zion House in Edward Street was reported to police just after midnight on Saturday.
Police said they believe the burglary was "interrupted" and as a result, nothing was stolen but office furniture inside the building was damaged.
Mount Zion House is home to a number of community and charitable projects.
'Seen running away'
Upper Bann DUP MLA Carla Lockhart said: "This is a disgusting attack on Mount Zion House and one I unreservedly condemn.
"The building for many years has been used as a safe, shared space for children, young people and various charities and businesses.
"In the past it has also been utilised for social housing. This is an attack on the whole community," she added.
A police spokeswoman said officers are "keen to speak to a man who was seen running away towards the Shankill area of the town".
"He is described as being around 35 years old, of heavy build and with facial stubble. He was reported to be wearing a dark hat and jacket and light-coloured jeans," she added.
Image: Christina Reichl Photography / Getty Images
As a sociologist who studies family and marriage trends, I predict that in the coming years, we'll see a growing wave of mainstream media and academic stories contending that religion, especially evangelical Christianity, hurts women, children, and families. These stories will be framed around one key question: Is faith a force for ill in family life—from marriage in general to domestic violence in particular?
In recent years, the question has focused especially on spousal abuse against women.
For example, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) recently published a report titled, “Submit to your husbands: Women told to endure domestic violence in the name of God.” The subtitle, too, issued a similar claim: “Advocates say the church is not just failing to sufficiently address domestic violence, it is both enabling and concealing it.”
The series, which set off a firestorm between defenders and critics, exposed numerous cases of battered Christian wives who had been neglected or let down by their pastor or Christian counselor. Spotlighted by both ABC's online and television coverage, the story left the impression that some evangelicals' support for gender traditionalism and male headship set the stage for abusive behavior. Although it ran in a major outlet half a world away, the story is suggestive of the kind of coverage that is likely to become more common here in the United States.
This story and others like it, however, underscore common misperceptions about how religion impacts male behavior in marriage.
So, what does the science tell us? Are some forms of evangelical Protestantism bad for marriage and “good” at fostering domestic violence?
The answer is complicated, since some research suggests that gender traditionalism fuels domestic violence. For example, a study in the Lancet found that domestic abuse was higher in regions across the globe where “norms related to male authority over female behavior” are more common.
In general, however, the answer to these questions is “no.” In my previous book, Soft Patriarchs, New Men: How Christianity Shapes Fathers and Husbands, I found that women married to churchgoing evangelical men—compared to women married to men in other major religious traditions or women married to unaffiliated men—report the highest levels of happiness. Their self-reports were based on two markers: “love and affection you get from your spouse” and “understanding you receive from your spouse.” This same demographic of women also report the highest levels of quality couple time.
My newer book Soul Mates: Religion, Sex, Love and Marriage among African Americans and Latinos, co-written with sociologist Nicholas Wolfinger, reveals similar findings. Men and women who attend church together are almost 10 percentage points more likely to report that they are “happy” or “very happy” in their relationships, compared to their peers who attend separately or simply don't attend religious services at all. On average, then, evangelicals (as well other religious believers in the United States) who attend church regularly enjoy higher quality marriages compared to their less religious or secular peers.
But are their marriages safer?
My research suggests that wives married to churchgoing evangelical men are comparatively safe. In the National Survey of Families and Households, husbands and wives were both asked if their arguments had gotten physical in the last year, and, if so, if they or their partner had “become physically violent.” By these measures, churchgoing evangelical Protestant husbands were the least likely to be engaged in abusive behavior.
Research that looks solely at the impact of church attendance comes to similar conclusions. Sociologist Christopher Ellison and his colleagues found that women who were married or cohabiting were significantly less likely to report abuse if they regularly attended religious services. According to their study, “compared with a woman who never attends religious services, a woman who shares similar demographic characteristics but attends several times a week is roughly 40% less likely to be a victim of domestic violence.” Not surprisingly, they also found that “men who attend religious services several times a week are 72% less likely to abuse their female partners than men from comparable backgrounds who do not attend services.”
What about nominal Christian men? Are they more or less prone to spousal abuse?
Although the empirical story of religion and domestic violence looks good for practicing believers, it's much less rosy for others. My research suggests that the most violent husbands in America are nominal evangelical Protestants who attend church infrequently or not at all. The reasons are not entirely clear. It's possible they believe Christian teaching about male headship gives them a hitting license. Or perhaps their class or culture—many of these men hail from parts of the South and Appalachia populated by working-class Scots-Irish descendants with a greater propensity for violent behavior —explains these results. Religiously mixed couples may also have a greater risk for domestic violence, especially theologically conservative men married to women who do not share their religious views. In these cases, religion is not protective against abuse.
Are there other cases in which religion is bad for marriage?
Some research indicates that “extrinsic religion” can be problematic. Someone who practices extrinsic religion attends church or participates in other religious practices as a way to placate a spouse, impress community members, or alleviate a guilty conscience. One study found that men motivated by extrinsic religious concerns were more likely to be abusive towards their partners. Because this study was not based on a nationally representative sample of men, the findings are only suggestive. Nonetheless, it is certainly plausible that men motivated to engage in religious activities for largely or solely extrinsic reasons are worse husbands and fathers.
Taken as a whole, what does the evidence suggest?
In general, setting aside nominal Christians, the research indicates that evangelical Protestantism does not pose the kind of risks that are often alleged. Indeed, at least judging from studies here in the US, it looks like churchgoing may well help men steer clear of violence.
How, exactly, does religion have a positive impact on marriage?
In general, religion tends to impact married people quite positively. The family-friendly social networks, the higher propensity of religious couples to pray for their spouse, and the psychological comfort of faith all generally help to strengthen marriages. Two of these factors—the social support and personal comfort derived from faith—also appear to protect spouses from the debilitating stress associated with difficult children, unemployment, the death of a loved one, and other circumstances.
Moreover, religious Americans—including evangelicals—are more likely to embrace family-centered values that foster marital permanence and a shared commitment to sacrificing for one's spouse and family. In the United States, in fact, it looks like men's commitment to family-centered beliefs is a more important predictor of their wife's happiness than their beliefs about gender roles—at least for Christian men. As noted before, my research indicates that men's attitudes about marital permanence predicted greater marital happiness for their wives while men's attitudes about gender roles were unrelated to wives' reports of happiness.
Given the contemporary cultural and political environment, we ought to be skeptical of stories reporting that faith is a force for ill and that the church is “enabling” bad behavior when it comes to women, children, and families. That's because, in the main, faith appears to play a positive role in the lives of American families—especially for husbands and wives who can be found sitting together on Sunday morning at church.
In some cases, does the church make domestic abuse worse, not in incidence, but in response?
Domestic violence is still present in church-going homes, and Christian clergy, counselors, and lay leaders need to do a much better job of articulating clear, powerful messages about abuse and, more generally, married life. Although, as noted before, the church is not necessarily enabling abuse, some local churches, clergy, and counselors fail to address abuse head-on for fear of breaking up a marriage. Others steer clear of addressing the topic from the pulpit or in adult education for fear of broaching an uncomfortable subject. This silence around domestic violence has to end.
W. Bradford Wilcox, the director of the National Marriage Project at the University of Virginia and a senior fellow of the Institute for Family Studies, is the coauthor of Soul Mates: Religion, Sex, Love, and Marriage among African Americans and Latinos (Oxford).
Olsen twins' lawyer offloads his fuller house The man who monetized the young Olsen twins, an entertainment lawyer named Robert Thorne, has sold his own Full House at One Morton Square in the West Village after just...
Ian Schrager's hotel launch turns into VIP rooftop after-party Spotted through the evening were “Schrager disciples, descendants and friends,” including The Weeknd, Ashley Olsen, and Courtney Love.
Olsen twins shut down Rihanna's Met Gala bash There were some rare nightlife sightings at Rihanna's Met Ball after-party at 1Oak.
Joel Embiid, like all of the 76ers fans at the arena in Philly to see them knock out the Heat in Game 5 on Tuesday night, was super happy to advance to the second round of the playoffs for the franchise's first time since 2012.
Kevin Hart, who was sitting courtside with Meek Mill, got in on the celebrations with Embiid. The 5-foot-4 comedian gave Embiid a hug, and the 7-footer proceeded to lift him up about two feet in the air. I guess the big man got a little too excited.
Embiid and Hart also shared this postgame moment where Embiid signed a ball and kicked it into the stands.
Its been a long Process ✌🏼 Sixers win first playoff series in 6 years. And second over last 14 yrs In Joel Embiid's home playoff debut!#PhilaUnite pic.twitter.com/FGDZZFVaHI — John Clark (@JClarkNBCS) April 25, 2018
Additionally, Hart was screaming in the tunnel.
ALL OF PHILLY RIGHT NOW, AS TOLD BY @KevinHart4real. pic.twitter.com/xQtiPCfo0R — NBC Sports Philadelphia (@NBCSPhilly) April 25, 2018
The young Sixers are moving forward — trust the process.
Video
There was no foaling around from this horse - after it walked into a bar to see England's win over Colombia on Tuesday.
Owner Diane Howard, from Awsworth, said she was out with Meg for an evening ride when she stopped at the Selston Working Men's Club for a drink.
She said one of the customers then took Meg by the reins and led her inside where she quietly watched the game with drinkers.
It's officially time once again, folks earnings season is under way! As per the norm, healthcare conglomerate Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) is more or less slated to set the tone for the sector by reporting its first-quarter results before the opening bell on Tuesday, April 18.
Continue Reading Below
According to Wall Street's consensus, Johnson & Johnson is expected to report $18.01 billion in sales, which would represent year-over-year sales growth of 3%, and $1.76 in earnings per share (EPS). On an adjusted basis, we're talking about 2% year-over-year growth.
Image source: Getty Images.
Most investors, and even Wall Street analysts, have a tendency to place their focus on these headline figures. While they certainly can offer a quick summary of how well or poorly a company performed during the previous quarter, headline figures tell us next to nothing about the nuts and bolts of how the underlying operations of a company allowed it to arrive at those figures. As investors, we need to be able to dig deeper.
When Johnson & Johnson reports its quarterly results tomorrow morning, here are five things you should be expecting.
1. It'll beat EPS estimates (again) and miss sales estimates (again)
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
The first thing investors should practically count on is that Johnson & Johnson will surpass Wall Street's consensus profit expectation. J&J has topped the Street's EPS expectations in every quarter for years now, and there's little reason to believe that, with the company's share repurchases in full swing, it won't be able to beat by a few pennies per share.
On the flipside, we're likely to continue seeing weakness on the sales front. Analysts often have a hard time adjusting for the impact of currency fluctuations around the world, and few healthcare companies have as global a reach as Johnson & Johnson.
The pressing question will be whether we see strong core operating growth (i.e., excluding currency fluctuations). As you'll see in points two and three, two of J&J's blockbuster drugs could be in for a tougher year-over-year comparison than normal.
Image source: Getty Images.
2. Remicade sales will be noticeably lower from biosimilar competition
In November, Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) announced that it was launching Inflectra, which is a biosimilar medication designed to complete with J&J's top-selling anti-inflammatory drug, Remicade. Pfizer, which licensed Inflectra from developer Celltrion, priced its biosimilar at a 15% discount to Remicade's list price, and the result in the fourth quarter was a nearly 2% decline in Remicade sales.
However, Inflectra's launch only amounted to a few weeks of sales for Pfizer and Celltrion. With a full quarter now in the books and Pfizer having had time to get the word out of its launch to physicians, we could see a notable hit to Remicade sales in Q1. How much? That remains to be seen. But with biosimilars being such a new type of treatment, no one is really sure what to expect at this point, analysts included.
3. Invokana sales will be flat, or perhaps even down, as we wait for CANVAS
What could be the biggest surprise for investors is that it's possible we could see a year-over-year decline in sales of SGLT-2 inhibitor for type 2 diabetes, Invokana.
J&J is expected to deliver solid sales growth from Darzalex, Imbruvica, and a number of already or soon-to-be blockbusters. However, Invokana gave investors signs of weakness in Q4, when its sales fell slightly to $371 million from $372 million in the year-prior quarter.
Image source: Getty Images.
There are two issues holding Invokana's sales back at this point, and market saturation, despite what analysts suggest, isn't one of them. First, competition in the SGLT-2 space has increased, with around a half-dozen SGLT-2 drugs now on pharmacy shelves. Not to mention thatLexicon Pharmaceuticalsand licensing partner Sanofiare readying to move sotagliflozin, an inhibitor of SGLT-1 and SGLT-2, into pivotal phase 3 studies for type 2 diabetes, adding more competitive worries.
Secondly, we're all still waiting for J&J to unveil its CANVAS trial data. CANVAS is examining Invokana's long-term impact on patients' cardiovascular systems. Rivals Eli Lilly and Boehringer Ingelheim have already announced positive results from their EMPA-REG OUTCOME study for Jardiance, so Invokana sales may have stalled as physicians and patients await this data.
4. J&J will be hard-selling the Actelion buyout to investors
Investors should also anticipate that J&J's management team will be reinforcing the importance of its pending $30 billion acquisition of Swiss specialty-drug maker Actelion (NASDAQOTH: ALIOF). For those who may not recall, the acquisition gives J&J access to Actelion's existing product portfolio of pulmonary arterial hypertension drugs, and a 16% stake in the spinoff company that'll contain Actelion's developing therapies.
J&J describes the buyout as a win for both parties, with the deal increasing its long-term EPS growth rate by 1.5% to 2% per year, and the all-cash component being attractive to Actelion's shareholders. J&J also touted its stake in the expected spinoff as a longer-term value creator.
However, this Fool has been highly skeptical of the deal. Actelion's leading drug for years is set to face generic competition this year, and J&J is getting a pretty minimal stake for Actelion's pipeline, even with its option to purchase an additional 16% stake in the future. It's questionable whether J&J will actually recoup its costs from this deal, so expect management to focus on hard-selling this acquisition to investors.
Image source: Getty Images.
5. U.S. medical-device growth will be above expectations
Finally, investors should be expecting J&J's U.S. medical-device segment to outperform. Growth from this segment has floundered between 1% and 2% for years, but this could be the quarter we begin to see a pick-up in sales growth.
Why? To begin with, President Trump and Republican lawmakers spent much of the first quarter pushing for the repeal of Obamacare and the implementation of a Republican replacement. Even though that repeal effort ended in failure, it may have pushed on-the-fence consumers to get elective surgical procedures that they've been putting off.
Additionally, GDP and wage growth have been improving over the past couple of quarters, and consumer confidence recently hit a 16-year high. This could encourage more consumers to get optional surgical procedures, such as hip and knee replacements.
Mark your calendars, folks, because we're just hours away from the big news.
10 stocks we like better than Johnson & Johnson
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Johnson & Johnson wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Sean Williams has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Johnson & Johnson. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Can Dak Prescott oust Colin Kaepernick and Blaine Gabbert as the 49ers starting quarterback?
That's a question pundits would've been asking after the 2016 NFL Draft if then-49ers coach Chip Kelly had gotten his way, according to a report that surfaced Monday morning.
NFL Network's Mike Garafolo reported that Kelly “and others in the 49ers building” wanted San Francisco to draft Prescott, who has led the Cowboys to a 13-3 record this season while filling in for the injured Tony Romo. But Kelly's preference was not picked by then-GM Trent Baalke, according to Garafolo.
Bleacher Report's Matt Miller confirmed that San Francisco's “scouts loved Dak and Chip felt he was a fit.”
Two slots before Dallas took Prescott out of Mississippi State at No. 135 overall, the 49ers drafted LSU cornerback Rashard Robinson. Two rounds later, Baalke took Louisiana Tech quarterback Jeff Driskel.
Draft hindsight is common in the NFL, though this scenario could have switched the fortunes of two of the NFL's most respected franchises.
Adam Vinatieri has made more field goals in his career than all but two other kickers. His 84.3 field goal percentage is 13th-best in league history, and his postseason numbers are even more remarkable.
He missed a 48-yard field goal in a meaningless game for the Colts on Sunday, but it carried plenty of weight for Vinatieri personally. The miss dropped his field goal percentage from 89.7 to 87.1, which doesn't seem like a big deal. But had he made it, he would've finished the year above 90 percent.
Colts' kicker Adam Vinatieri
Has: 89.7 FG PCT this season.
Needs: 90% FG PCT for $500,000 this season.
Pressure FGs today. — Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) January 1, 2017
Doing so would have activated a $500,000 bonus in his contract, a nice pay day for one of the game's greatest kickers of all time.
All he needed to do was make one measly field goal and mail it in, ending the season above the required threshold. Nope, he had to attempt and miss a 48-yarder. He had missed just one attempt from 40-49 yards all season.
The internet's largest neo-Nazi forum found itself searching for a home on Monday after it was booted from Google's hosting service — the second time on Monday that it had been shunned by an internet service.
“We are canceling Daily Stormer's registration with Google Domains for violating our terms of service,” a Google spokesperson told BuzzFeed News.
The site, which for years used popular name registration service GoDaddy, found itself suddenly homeless on Monday when GoDaddy announced it had 24 hours to find another provider after it posted an offensive article about Heather Heyer — a 32-year-old woman killed in Charlottesville, Virginia, when James Alex Fields Jr. drove his car into a crowd with the intent of harming anti-racist protesters, police say.
A source at Google familiar with the matter told BuzzFeed News that the Daily Stormer registered with Google Domains shortly before 8 a.m. PT. The registration was reviewed and denied for violating Google's terms of service — specifically for explicitly inciting violence.
It's unclear where the Daily Stormer will try to go next — or even how many of its troubles are self-inflicted. After the post about Heyer went up, someone identifying themselves as “Anonymous” posted an article at the Daily Stormer claiming they had hacked the site. But a number of prominent Anonymous figures said they knew nothing about such an operation, which didn't seem to accomplish anything but create a blog post with a picture of a person in a Guy Fawkes mask.
“There is no talk of any hack on the daily stormer on our backchannels we regard this as a troll by Daily Stormer itself,” a self-identified member of Anonymous, who goes by Doemela, told BuzzFeed News.
Manchester City will not be signing Isco from Real Madrid in the transfer window, Pep Guardiola has said.
The Premier League champions have been linked with an €80million bid for the Spain international, who has been unable to hold down a permanent place in Zinedine Zidane's plans at the Santiago Bernabeu.
However, Guardiola has been quick to rule out a deal for the 26-year-old, who has a contract until 2022 that includes a release clause of €700m.
"City aren't going to sign Isco," he said simply when asked at an event for the Johan Cruyff Foundation.
The former Barcelona head coach was happy to pay tribute to Madrid's achievement under Zidane, after they claimed a third Champions League in a row last Saturday with a 3-1 win over Liverpool.
However, he has promised City will do their utmost to end the Spanish club's recent dominance.
"It's spectacular, you have to take your hat off to them," he said. "It doesn't matter if they deserve it or not, because it's very difficult to do what they've done.
"They've demonstrated their quality, and we hope to prevent them from taking the fourth consecutive one.
"Zidane has done a spectacular job."
Your favorite shopkeeper or service provider probably knows almost every bit of shopping information about you.
Sadly, that doesn't mean they'll treat you right.
In an information age where companies slice and dice voluminous bits of your shopping patterns to better sell to you, that same data doesn't seem to be motivating them to provide better service.
In what seems to be an almost regular occurrence of late, another well-known name brand's customer-service misstep has become part of public chatter.
United Airlines badly mishandled an overbooked plane, resulting in the violent removal of a passenger caught on a video that went viral. The mess not only raises questions about how the airline operates but who would even consider such rough treatment of a customer.
Worse, United's not alone. The manhandling of the passenger follows an ugly chain of corporate hijinx:
Undue sales pressure at Wells Fargo Bank caused branch employees to create millions of phony accounts to meet sales quotas.
Volkswagen created technology to cheat emissions-tracking tests to boost sales of diesel-powered cars.
Chipotle was slow to react to a food poisoning outbreak at the fast-food chain.
Samsung rushed a new cell phone to market without realizing the fire hazard its faulty electronics created.
The investment industry is fighting new rules that would stop the practice of certain investors being sold in-house products with high fees and poor performance.
I could go on but it seems customer care is a dying art. The obvious service mantra “customer first” is in dire need of reinforcement because shoppers do notice. Ponder Gallup's annual survey of the reputations of major U.S. institutions.
Related Articles United changes policy, crew can't displace seated passengers
Lawsuit: Wells Fargo banker fired for not scamming customers
Chipotle looks to recover with temporary loyalty program Only 18 percent of American adults polled last year said they had a “great deal” or “quite a lot” of confidence in “big business.” Only once in more than 40 years of Gallup asking this question – amid the Great Recession in 2009 – did big businesses score worse. And in the 1970s, an age where corporate management was done in a less scientific way with far fewer consumer data available, big business averaged a 31 percent confidence score by Gallup's polling.
Yes, trust is down for many institutions. But big business last year ranked worse than organized labor, the criminal justice system – even newspapers and TV news. And small business has roughly double the approval rating.
Catherine Atwong, a marketing professor at California State Fullerton, says as companies age they often forget who's really in charge.
“Entrepreneurs build successful businesses because they focus on making happy customers through their products and services. Passionate business leaders make passionate customers,” she says. “Mature companies are led by hired leaders whose performance are evaluated by the bottom line, the stock price, and the satisfaction of the board members.”
Too much data?
Information technology breakthroughs allow corporate managers to better shape their product lines to meet consumer needs and more effortlessly market to their audiences.
However, some of that same shopping information helps corporations identify waste — airlines, for example, track fares and empty seats – and enact cost-cutting or revenue-enhancing measures as a result.
Selling unpopular goods or services at deeply discounted prices can win the hearts of consumers. Overselling or under-delivering leads to consumer-relations debacles like United Airlines (and the world) witnessed.
Let's be realistic. Businesses in a world where profits are constantly monitored by various stakeholders can easily create a consumer-unfriendly workplace. Too many companies, it seems, will risk customer wrath to please the bean-counting crowd.
But it is the same corporate culture that's so critical to maintaining healthy relationships with consumers. How many marketplace mishaps could have been prevented with a true customer-first mentality?
Mike Weisman is an Orange County marketing executive who created The Values Institute to address business ethical challenges. He thinks all the data-crunching has left out one key factor: the human component. Too often, companies and their leadership act as if customer satisfaction is not a requirement.
“Many CEOs don't see the benefit of developing customer relations,” Weisman says. “They think they get paid to manage processes, not people.”
Consumer indifference practiced by numerous corporations can be tied in part to an ultra-competitive marketplace driven by price wars, the result of modern information tools provided to shoppers.
University of Michigan consumer satisfaction data shows what seems to be an unfair perception gap. Major goods makers and the e-commerce players that sell products — often at low prices with little service — get relatively high satisfaction grades. Traditional store merchants, who can charge more and offer additional service, are viewed in lower regard by this metric.
Apparently, service isn't as appreciated as you might think.
Customer feedback
In some ways, consumers have culpability.
Last decade's economic collapse made cost consciousness a necessity for shoppers. That mentality hasn't changed for many even as the economy has improved. Penny pinching does have a price, though.
Chiranjeev Kohli, a Cal State Fullerton marketing professor, says certain perceived service shortcomings are simply corporations responding to consumer desires.
How so?
The level of service provided by merchants runs from highest – often at full price – to lower – typically deeply discounted – to no-frills – cheapest with little expectation of customer support.
The savvy business operator will adjust their operations – and level of consumer service – to customer demands. Kohli noted that Spirit Airlines gets poor consumer reviews for its bare-bones, low-cost service. But it's a financially successful formula that is now emulated by competitors. The deep knowledge of passenger habits – like an addiction to price comparison websites – gives the industry strong hints that many flyers will gladly pay less for less.
“So businesses aren't being stupid,” Kohli says. “They're realizing the customer wants good service, they're just not willing to pay for it. It may sound cynical, but that's what the customer is asking for.”
Of course, running a high-profile brand with tight-fisted efforts leaves little margin for error. That's a plan with huge risks, especially when any big mistake can be amplified by social media. And bargain hunters or high-end shoppers aren't fools. Selling shoddy products, hopeful the public doesn't care, isn't a sustainable business strategy.
Ask United. Ask Wells Fargo. Ask Volkswagen. Ask Chipotle. Ask Samsung. Ask Wall Street.
Consumers will cross the street to get better service.
Toni Braxton is engaged to Birdman Rumors have been floating around for years that things between Braxton and Birdman were heating up.
Hollywood hot shot is house hunting in Manhattan Film producer Christopher Woodrow — who financed the 2015 Academy Award Best Picture winner “Birdman,” in addition to “Black Mass” starring Johnny Depp, and the upcoming “Free State of Jones”...
NBA weirdo gets his most disturbing tattoo yet A troubling tattoo and a bizarre interview. Yep, Birdman's offseason is going just how we expected. Chris Andersen, already the NBA's most recognizable bench player with his signature Mohawk and...
'Birdman' producer in battle over production credits for upcoming films Financiers behind the Oscar-winning film “Birdman” are embroiled in three lawsuits seeking $125 million — and now the remaining Worldview Entertainment head is trying to wipe out evidence her co-founder...
Heiress says she was 'duped' into giving $25M to movie company The daughter of a baseball billionaire was duped into sinking $25 million into the “grossly mismanaged” production company behind the Oscar-winner “Birdman,” she claims in a lawsuit. Worldview Entertainment has...
New York's Oscar Of all those who deserved but didn't receive an Oscar at Sunday night's Academy Awards, the most notable were Mr. and Mrs. New York State Taxpayer. That's because of dollars...
Oscars showed no edge awarding 'Birdman' Best Picture Narcissism, thy name is Oscar. For the third time in four years, the motion picture academy gave its top honor to a movie with a show business background in a...
Michael Keaton's ready for a Hollywood-size paycheck The "Birdman" star admits that for his next movie, “I am actually looking forward to getting a check.”
In battleground states in the middle of the country, some Democrats watched with frustration as their party grabbed headlines last week with a splashy new lawsuit alleging a vast conspiracy between President Donald Trump and Russia.
The Democratic National Committee's drumbeat of messaging on Trump and his relationship with Russia is wearing thin with some Democrats in purple states — particularly in the Midwest, where people on the ground say voters are uninterested and even turned off by the issue. The suit exposes a gap, they say, between the party's strategy nationally and what Midwest Democrats believe will win elections in their state.
“The DNC is doing a good job of winning New York and California,” said David Betras, the Democratic county party chair in Mahoning County, Ohio, home to Youngstown. “I'm not saying it's not important — of course it's important — but do they honestly think that people that we just laid off another shift at the car plant in my home county give a shit about Russia when they don't have a frickin' job?”
Trump and Russia, Betras said, is the “only piece they've been doing since 2016. [Trump] keeps talking about jobs and the economy, and we talk about Russia.”
For some people working to elect Democrats in Midwestern swing states, the suit — which threads evidence of a conspiracy between Trump's campaign, WikiLeaks, Russia, and Trump family members — prompted something akin to an eyeroll.
“I'm going to be honest; I don't understand why they're doing it,” said one campaign strategist in the Midwest of the DNC's suit. “My sense was it was a move meant to gin up the donor base, not our voters. But it was the biggest news they've made in a while.”
Though he doesn't see it hurting his campaign now, the strategist said, “I wouldn't want to see something like this coming out of the DNC in October."
The suit is “politically unhelpful," another strategist in the Midwest said. "I haven't seen a single piece of data that says voters want Democrats to relitigate 2016. ... The only ones who want to do this are Democratic activists who are already voting Democratic.”
Senator Claire McCaskill, fighting a tough reelection battle in Missouri, which Trump won by almost 20 points, called the DNC's Russia suit a “silly distraction” through a spokesperson.
In places like Minnesota, for instance, where Trump lost only narrowly and his approval numbers have stayed flat, the state party says it plans to steer clear of him altogether with two Senate seats and an open governor's race on the ballot. Messaging on Trump doesn't do anything to move the needle, strategists there say.
And the Democratic Party's attacks on Trump, especially when it comes to Russia, could even backfire in states Trump won handily — like Ohio, where the focus on taking the president down has kept some voters on the president's side.
“Somehow we've made him into a blue-collar underdog billionaire,” said Betras, of Youngstown. “And people are rooting for him because he's the underdog.”
Tom Perez, the DNC chair, defended the lawsuit as necessary, telling Meet the Press that "it's hard to put a price tag on preserving democracy." It would be "irresponsible," Perez said, not to file the suit.
“I don't think it hurts,” said David Pepper, the chair of the Ohio Democratic Party. “If you have credible claims, you have a responsibility to pursue legal action. I think you have a day or two where [the suit] is the story, but that's different from your overall message.”
In his state, at least, that message should stay far away from Russia, Pepper said — something he thinks the DNC understands.
“I wouldn't have our candidates spending the fall talking about Russia or the suit or anything like that,” Pepper said. “They should be focused on health care, education, student debt. We shouldn't divert the message from those topics to talk about Russia.”
As another Midwestern strategist put it: “I would say it's a nice stunt — should raise a lot of money. Doesn't do much to change the calculus in the heartland.”
A Long Island mom accompanied by her two teenage sons swiped four bearded-dragon lizards from a pet store, according to Suffolk County cops.
Anisa Escobar, 46, was arrested for the theft Friday, cops said.
Escobar had entered Selmer's Pet Land on Jericho Turnpike in Huntington Station with her 14-year-old twin sons around 1 p.m. Aug. 23, officials said. Escobar then used a knife to cut open the reptile enclosure, reached in and took four bearded dragons, collectively valued at $1,100.
Escobar was charged with grand larceny and endangering the welfare of a child. She was scheduled to be arraigned in First District Court in Central Islip.
Police said the lizards have not yet been found.
“They're not dangerous,” said sore owner Jessica Selmer, 40, of the reptiles. They're just very fragile. …They're not meant to be in the wild or meant to be taken by people who don't [know]” how to take care of them.
At least it wasn't as bad as Kevin Durant's Twitter flub.
Steve Kerr admitted to accidentally tweeting to his 333,000 followers about officials missing a call on James Harden, telling reporters on Friday that he had meant to send a direct message.
Steve Kerr on his deleted tweet regarding James Harden's step back three… “I thought it was a direct message…” pic.twitter.com/f818rH9PN4 — Cassidy Hubbarth (@CassidyHubbarth) February 2, 2018
“My new iPhone is killing me, I got the 10,” he explained.
He said he started to have problems figuring out the phone on the first day and the errant tweet, which was meant as a direct message to a friend, came on the second day he had it.
Once he realized the mistake, he ran quickly to assistant coach Chris DeMarco for help. The tweet stayed up for only a minute or so, so he was pretty hopeful that no on saw.
“I said what do you think am I going to get away with it?” he said. “He said ‘hell no.'”
He was jokingly asked if he was sure he wasn't hacked and smacked his forehead in response.
HOUSTON — Look: He was kidding, and I am kidding. This post exists just to make a point about Jose Altuve's stranglehold over the 2017 American League batting race.
But after Altuve homered three times in the Astros' 8-2 win over the Red Sox in Game 1 of the ALDS on Thursday, Verlander — the winning pitcher in the game — claimed partial credit for Altuve's batting title. Here's the quote:
After the last game of the season, we did a little toast to him for winning the batting title and I told him, ‘Congratulations, and you're welcome.' Because I gave a couple of those hits to him. So I feel like that was just my small part in donating to his batting title.
And to a certain extent, it checks out: Altuve has hit Verlander exceptionally well across his career. Though individual pitcher-batter matchups almost exclusively exist in meaninglessly small sample sizes, Altuve's .563 career batting average versus Verlander is his second best against any pitcher he's faced at least 15 times — trailing only his .609 mark against Wade Miley, a much easier guy to hit.
Altuve went 2-for-3 with a double in his first matchup against Verlander back in 2014, and Verlander — to the extent we can guess based on the stats — never really figured Altuve out after that. The infielder has never had a hitless outing in six career games against Verlander, and before Verlander joined the Astros in August, Altuve was 3-for-5 with a walk against him in 2017.
But Verlander owns no claim to even partial credit for Altuve's batting title, as Altuve won the batting title by a wide margin. If somehow Verlander were replaced this season by a Tigers pitcher that could shut down Altuve — and it's not clear such a thing exists — Altuve would still have finished with plenty enough hits to lead the Majors in batting average. Heck, even if you blamed Verlander, as a veteran Tigers starter, for improperly preparing his teammates to face Altuve, you could dock Altuve all eight of his hits against Detroit in 2017 and he's still had the best batting average in the Majors, beating out Charlie Blackmon by percentage points.
Again, Verlander was just being funny, and he's not wrong about giving up a bunch of hits to Altuve in his career. But on the subject of Altuve's batting title and his role therein, Justin Verlander has provided fake news. No one pitcher can claim credit for the second baseman's offensive heroics in 2017. It takes a village to get torched by Jose Altuve.
0:36 Rep. Chris Corley suggests Confederate flag be replaced with a white flag of surrender Pause
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
4:56 S.C. Rep. Chris Corley posts bond on domestic violence and gun charges
0:56 Baby needs a new home
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease?
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
CONCERNS have been expressed over security and the lack of parking for State Solicitors at the new criminal courts complex on Mulgrave Street.
According to documents released under the Freedom of Information Act, the concerns were raised at a meeting of the Limerick Court Users Group last November.
According to the minutes of the meeting, it was agreed that “every effort will be made to facilitate state solicitors with parking when bringing files to court”.
While the minutes do not elaborate on the discussion, the Limerick Leader understands that concerns over security and health and safety were raised during the meeting.
A number of senior officials from the Courts Service of Ireland attended the meeting as well as representatives of An Garda Siochana, the Limerick Bar Association, the Prison Service and the Legal Aid Board.
State Solicitor for County Limerick, Aidan Judge, was also in attendance.
In November, this newspaper revealed there will be no facility for members of the public – including witnesses and jurors – to park at the new courthouse which is due to open at the end of 2017.
A spokesperson for the Courts Service confirmed there will be a small number of parking spaces at the new facility.
“There will be car parking for staff, An Garda Siochana, the Prison Service and the judiciary. There will be no public parking in this or in any new court facility we build,” he said.
“We have a policy of locating court facilities near public transport, or central to a town, or near publicly available parking facilities. In Limerick there is plentiful public parking in nearby facilities," he added.
AG Chambers plays pivotal role in fight against corruption
– Williams
As he took the floor of the National Assembly to make his contributions to the National Budget debates, Attorney General and Minister of Legal Affairs, Basil Williams boasted of the strides his office has made in efforts to keep corruption at bay.
Williams told Speaker, Dr. Barton Scotland that the APNU/AFC Government continues the fight against corruption “which has had a debilitating effect on the economy of Guyana.” He said that this is being done through the empowerment of several agencies including the Special Organized Crime Unit (SOCU) and the State Assets Recovery Agency.
He said that SOCU, in relation to financial crimes, has conducted investigations of offences deriving from forensic audits of Government Ministries Departments and Agencies under the last Administration. Williams said that investigations follow the trail of billions of dollars of tax payers' money.
Williams said that it is in this connection that Special Prosecutors were appointed by the Government to prosecute persons charged with stealing State assets. He said that before embarking on any such prosecution the Director of Public Prosecution (DPP) issues a fiat to empower them.
Williams also noted that in keeping with the principle enshrined in Article 13 of the Constitution of inclusionary democracy and participation of citizens, this year, the Attorney General's Chambers held consultations and sensitization seminars with the public on the State Assets Recovery Act 2017, the Witness Protection Bill and the Protected Disclosures (Whistleblower) Bill to raise awareness on the Government's anti-corruption policies and on the protection afforded witnesses and other persons who assist in the investigation and prosecution of perpetrators.
The Minister reminded that the State Assets Recovery Act of 2017 was passed in Parliament on 12 April 2017 and assented to by President David Granger on 4 May 2017. He said that the Act created the State Assets Recovery Agency in consonance with the United Nations Convention Against Corruption 2003. He stated that the Agency will be headed by a Director to recover through civil proceedings State property unlawfully acquired by a public official or any other person; to provide for investigations leading to the granting by the High Court of Restraint and Civil Recovery Orders in respect of unlawfully acquired property; to engage in international cooperation in the recovery of stolen assets of States within the contemplation of the Act, and for related matters.
Williams also indicated that President David Granger has attended the Addis Ababa Financing for Development Conference in July 2015 as well as the September 2015 United Nations Summit where Guyana signed on to the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda. The Minister said that the Addis Ababa Action Agenda (AAAA) discussed global efforts to incorporate “recovery of stolen public assets” (StPAR) as a central feature of domestic resource mobilization, particularly for developing countries. The Conference committed “to making the United Nations Convention Against Corruption (UNCAC) an effective instrument to deter, detect, prevent, and counter corruption and bribery, prosecute those involved in corrupt activities, and recover and return stolen assets to their country of origin.” The AAAA promised to “encourage the international community to develop good practices on asset return… indicating its support for the Stolen Asset Recovery Initiative of the United Nations and the World Bank, and other international initiatives that support the recovery of stolen assets.”
Image caption SHG and Harrison Street's first joint project is under way at Scotway House in Glasgow
A Scottish property developer has signed a £500m joint venture with a US company to build student accommodation across the UK.
Structured House Group (SHG) said the agreement with Harrison Street Real Estate would lead to 5,000 apartments being built over the next five years.
Under the deal, Glasgow-based SHG will source land and seek planning permission for projects.
It will also develop and operate the accommodation.
Potential sites have already been identified in Glasgow, Dundee, Edinburgh, Manchester and Liverpool.
Living space
Work has already started on the first joint project at Scotway House in Glasgow. It will provide about 400 student beds.
The development includes plans for two restaurants, a library and study rooms, and is expected to create about 300 jobs, SHG said.
SHG chief executive Craig Inglis said: "We have spent the past 12 months negotiating the terms of this agreement and it's very exciting, finally to have passed the line.
"This joint venture will significantly boost the amount of accommodation and living space for students, as well as bringing jobs and prosperity to every city we enter."
Robert Mathias, from Harrison Street, said: "As one of the largest investors in student housing, we look forward to bringing our significant resources and experience to bear for the benefit of our partners and investors."
Plumber remanded for shooting at policeman
A 25-year-old plumber, who allegedly discharged a firearm in the direction of a police officer, after he tried to apprehend him, was yesterday remanded to prison on three charges.
Keron Hinds of Smyth Street, Werk-en-rust, Georgetown, appeared before Principal Magistrate Judy Latchman in the Georgetown Magistrates' Courts.
The first charge alleged that on April 16 at Fifth Street, Alberttown, he had in his possession one Taurus Pistol firearm, without being a licensed firearm holder.
It was further alleged that on the same day in question and at the same location he had in his possession five rounds of ammunition, without being a licensed firearm holder.
The last charge alleged that on the same day in question and at the same location, Hinds discharged a firearm in a public place.
Hinds' attorney told the court that his client and a few of his friends were at the seawall when a party of police officers started chasing him and he decided to run because a few years ago his father was reportedly killed by a police officer, and he was fearful for his life.
However, Police Prosecutor Arvin Moore strongly objected to bail being granted to the defendant citing the serious nature of the offence and the penalty of the offence.
The court heard that on the day in question, police received a telephone call stating that someone was discharging rounds at the seawall and the caller give a description of the person.
Police officers on patrol duty in the area at Fifth Street, Alberttown, saw Hinds, who matched the description.
The court heard that Hinds, upon seeing the police, started to run and police constable Holder pursued him. Hinds allegedly turned around when he was about 10 feet away from the officer and discharged a firearm in his direction.
Other ranks then pursued Hinds and they saw him throwing an object under a car. He was then apprehended and was taken back to the car where a search was conducted under the vehicle and the firearm was discovered.
Hinds are then arrested and escorted to the Police Station where he denied the allegations.
The Magistrate, after listening to the Prosecutor, remanded the defendant to prison and instructed him to make his next court appearance on May 15.
Passwords are kind of a pain. You probably have sign-in credentials for about a million services, and ideally, they're all different. Password managers can help, but they're often finicky. A new standard by the FIDO Alliance and the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) called Web Authentication API could simplify your digital life by allowing for password-free sign-ins across a wide variety of websites.
Instead of entering a password, users use their phone's registered unlock method, be it PIN, pattern, or fingerprint. A paper on the project by the W3C is publicly available, if you want to read about it in-depth. It's dense. In a nutshell, when signing in using the new standard, you enter your email address or username and choose a "Sign in with your phone" option. You're then prompted on your phone to complete the sign-in process. The process is a lot like the two-factor authentication you're (hopefully) already using, but without the use of a password.
The W3C explains the user experience like this:
On a laptop or desktop: User navigates to example.com in a browser, sees an option to "Sign in with your phone." User chooses this option and gets a message from the browser, "Please complete this action on your phone."
Next, on their phone: User sees a discrete prompt or notification, "Sign in to example.com." User selects this prompt / notification. User is shown a list of their example.com identities, e.g., "Sign in as Alice / Sign in as Bob." User picks an identity, is prompted for an authorization gesture (PIN, biometric, etc.) and provides this.
Now, back on the laptop: Web page shows that the selected user is signed in, and navigates to the signed-in page.
The process might not seem practical for some use cases, but it would be handy for logging in on a computer that isn't yours, like at a library or a computer lab. Engadget reports that the standard "is useful right now" in Mozilla Firefox and is coming "in the next few months" to Chrome and Microsoft Edge.
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:29 UNC student mocks Duke's Grayson Allen in trippy parody video
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
Putin Sends New Year's Greetings To 38 Leaders… Guess Who He Left Out?
Vladmir Putin went out of his way to snub President Obama this new year.
Putin sent out New Year's greetings to 38 world leaders, but there was a glaring omission that has people talking. It's clear that the Russian President isn't exactly pleased with the American President, and is eagerly awaiting Trump's inauguration.
Putin mad mention of his relationships with many western leaders, including former US Presidents Bush Jr. and Sr.
French President Francois Hollande
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
UK Prime Minister Teresa May
And Pope Francis
There was absolutely zero mention of current President Obama, though Putin did congratulate President-elect Trump on the Kremlin's website.
Vladimir Putin congratulated US President-elect Donald Trump on Christmas and the New Year. In his message of greetings, the Russian President expressed hope that after Donald Trump is sworn in as US president, the two states, acting in a constructive and pragmatic manner, will be able to take real steps to restore the mechanisms of bilateral cooperation in various areas and take their interaction in the international arena to a whole new level. “Major global and regional challenges that our countries have confronted in recent years clearly confirm that Russia-US relations are an important factor in ensuring stability and security in the modern world,” reads the message sent to Donald Trump.
It would seem that Putin has completely written off President Obama, as if his term has already ended. While that's all well and good for him, we Americans are still going to have to suffer through the next 18 days of Obama's send off tantrum.
Acer's latest spin on their popular Chromebook 15 offers up a resume of features that make it worthy of its $399 price tag. The Acer Chromebook 15 is a bit of a unicorn as it offers the only 15.6″ display in the world of Chrome OS. The latest iteration has stepped up the game with a partial-aluminum chassis and is currently the only Chromebook on the market powered by the Intel Pentium N4200 pocessor.
The $399 suggested retail price of the Acer 15 might be pushing the envelope for bargain Chromebook shoppers but in the mid-range market, it becomes one of the best bargains around. Since Black Friday, Best Buy has knocked $50 dollars off the Acer 15 making it an even better deal.
Today, that deal just got a whole lot sweeter.
Right now, you can save $100 on the Acer Chromebook 15 online and in stores, where available. That puts the Chromebook just under $300 and makes it hands-down the best bargain on any budget or mid-range device on the market.
But wait, there's more!
On top of saving a Benjamin, Best Buy is throwing in a free Google Home smart speaker. That's another $129! With a combined MSRP of $528, you can save $229 while supplies last. If you're in the market for a new Chromebook, this deal gets two thumbs up from us and who doesn't want a free Google Home? Seriously?
Acer Chromebook 15 @ Best Buy
Check out Robby's first look at the Acer Chromebook 15 CB515
A upstate New York teen was indicted for allegedly killing his girlfriend inside an acquaintance's house, then leaving her body on the driveway.
Jermaine Brown, 17, was charged Wednesday by a Monroe County jury with manslaughter, aggravated criminal contempt and criminal possession of a weapon, news station WHAM reported.
Brown is accused of shooting 18-year-old girlfriend Ciara Grimes to death May 9 at a Rochester home just four days after she was granted an order of protection against him.
Police said Brown then dragged the Grimes outside and left her in the driveway of the residence.
The family of the slain teen attended Brown's arraignment last week to demand justice in her murder.
“Everybody has choices in life, good and bad,” Grime's mother, Erica Perez, told the news station. “When you do bad, you got to pay for it. When you do good, you get good.”
From DPM
INDIANAPOLIS (Apr. 17, 2017) – Former Little 500 winner & USAC National Silver Crown champion, Kody Swanson won his first career Indiana Sprint Car feature Saturday night at Lincoln Park Speedway. Swanson held off defending track champion, Shane Cockrum to put the Epperson Painting/SPIKE Chassis/Claxton Engines No.2e in victory lane.
Drawing for starting position in his heat race, Swanson would start 4th and finish 2nd, qualifying him for a spot in the feature event. The inversion put Swanson the key starting spot, rolling off from the pole position. Swanson would start on the pole of the feature event and lead all 25 laps at the tricky quarter-mile oval.
Swanson triumphed over drivers Shane Cockrum, Shane Cottle, Tyler Thomas, and Jon Stanbrough, who would round out the top five finishers in the 22-car field.
“I'm thankful to be driving for Tony & Millie,” said Swanson. “I have really enjoyed working with Gary and the 2E team. They are all such great people that it is fun racing with them, and I'm happy to get them to Victory Lane.”
Keep up with Kody Swanson by following along at KodySwansonRacing.com.
Kody Swanson would like to thank the following sponsors: PRO Shocks, K&N Filters, Allstar Performance, FK Rod Ends, and Simpson Race Products.
Tony Epperson would like to thank the following sponsors: Epperson Painting, PPG Paints, Spike Chassis, Claxton Engines, and Indy Race Parts.
Contact:
Whitney Thomas
Owner
Dub Publications & Media
(901) 237-5652
Whitney@DubPubMedia.com
www.dubpubmedia.com
###
DUB PUBLICATIONS & MEDIA – Dub Publications & Media concentrates on personalized marketing tools combined with social networking and well-versed commentary to create unique and engaging material to suit your needs. DPM is geared toward but not limited to motorsports drivers, race teams, series, events, and affiliates. We offer something for everyone.
For more information on becoming a DPM customer visit www.dubpubmedia.com, by email at Whitney@dubpubmedia.com, or by phone at 901-237-5652.
There are reasons to believe ‘liquidity is the new leverage'
Markets are becoming their own worst enemies, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
The stock-market rout in early February that caused a spike in the Cboe Volatility Index is a symptom of growing “financial fragility,” or big swings in prices caused by breakdowns in markets themselves as opposed to changes in fundamentals, an economist at the bank wrote Monday in a note to clients. To make matters worse, Goldman says there's reason to be concerned about liquidity drying up during periods when markets are distressed.
“Future liquidity disruptions may amplify price declines when the current cycle turns,” wrote Charles Himmelberg, Goldman's co-chief markets economist. “Trading liquidity may be worse than it looks because trading volume in many major markets is increasingly dominated by more speed and less capital.”
The warning on fragility came days after the bank said in a note Friday that investors need to get used to lackluster returns as volatility picks up and stocks and bonds move more in tandem with each other. The selloff in U.S. technology stocks Monday sent the VIX futures curve into backwardation, a telltale sign that the market is under stress, as near-term contracts became more expensive than longer-dated counterparts.
New regulations and technologies such as computer-driven trading have caused a major change in how liquidity is provided since the financial crisis. Goldman says that while the shift has freed up capital for more efficient uses, it will also reduce liquidity when the cycle turns.
“This is why we think ‘markets themselves' belong on the short list of late-cycle risks to which markets are potentially complacent,” Himmelberg said. “While the analogy is imperfect and our uncertainty is high, we see reasons to think that ‘liquidity is the new leverage.'”
— With assistance by Nick Baker
San Diego manager Andy Green didn't expect to win quite like this.
“I never envisioned winning with someone tripping over the guy at first base,” Green said. “But it got the job done.”
Pinch-hitter Hunter Renfroe's infield single in the ninth inning led to two runs when third baseman Miguel Rojas followed with a throwing error, lifting the Padres to a 3-2 victory over the Miami Marlins on Wednesday night.
With the bases loaded and one out, Renfroe hit a chopper to Rojas, who was charging. He double-clutched his throw, which was low to first baseman Justin Bour. When the ball skipped away from Bour and Renfroe sprawled on the ground, Freddy Galvis came home with the winning run.
“We were hoping (Renfroe) would get the ball in the air to stay out of the double play,” Green said.
Rojas considered aiming for catcher J.T. Realmuto, then thought otherwise.
“I didn't get the grip to throw him out at home plate and as soon as I didn't get the grip I threw to first base, tried to make a good throw there so we could keep the game alive and unfortunately the ball got away,” Rojas said.
Closer Brad Ziegler (0-5) coughed up a one-run lead to absorb the loss instead of his 10th save.
Matt Strahm (1-2) got the win for working the final two innings.
The Marlins lost for the 14th straight time in a start by Jose Urena, a franchise record, which included 12 from this year. The right-hander entered the game receiving 2.84 runs per game, the third-lowest average in the majors, and got more measly support Wednesday.
“Jose was good again,” Marlins manager Don Mattingly said. “It looked like that two might hold up.”
Urena got just two runs on Starlin Castro's homer before departing after six innings following a strong performance. He surrendered a run, three hits and two walks. He struck out six in a 93-pitch effort.
Reliever Drew Steckenrider gave up a two-out double to Manuel Margot in the seventh but got pinch-hitter Jose Pirela looking on a 95-mph fastball to strand the tying run.
Clayton Richard had won two of his last three starts and was relying on his slider in inducing the Marlins into harmlessly pounding the ball into 14 groundouts. The left-hander exited after seven innings of two-run ball. He allowed four hits and a walk, with five strikeouts.
“I kept us close and the defence really played well,” Richard said.
Richard wiggled out of a jam after hitting Lewis Brinson to start the fifth and allowing JT Riddle's single.
But when Urena tried to sacrifice, catcher Raffy Lopez made a fine play, pouncing on Urena's bunt and retiring Brinson at third to change the inning. With two outs, Realmuto walked to load the bases but Richard got Castro on a grounder to end the threat.
Franmil Reyes continued his hot streak with his third home run in three days, pulling the Padres to 2-1 in the fourth inning. The rookie right fielder took a high fastball the opposite way, his fourth homer in six games clanging off the right-field foul pole. Urena had sat down eight straight before Reyes' blast.
Reyes had studied Urena and how he liked to pound the inside and then go back outside. When he did it in Reyes' second at-bat, he paid the price.
“It was the pitch I was looking for and I put a good swing on it,” Reyes said.
Richard retired the first 10 batters he faced. Then Realmuto singled up the middle and Castro hit his third home run of the season, a two-run, fourth-inning shot that landed 423 feet away in the Padres' bullpen over the fence in left-centre.
“I was not trying to throw a fastball down the middle of the plate,” Richard said. “And that's what happened.”
TRAINER'S ROOM
Padres: C Austin Hedges (elbow) will resume his throwing program on Thursday.
UP NEXT
Marlins: LHP Wei-Yin Chen (1-2, 5.22) gets the nod for the final contest of the four-game series on Thursday with his second career start against the Padres. He beat San Diego in 2016, allowing four runs and seven hits over six innings.
Padres: RHP Jordan Lyles (1-1, 3.83) makes his fifth start of the season, which matches his total from the previous two years. He worked the second-longest perfect game in Padres history on May 15, blanking the Rockies for 7 1/3 innings.
Drunk minibus driver kills soldier standing outside night club
An alleged drunk and speeding minibus driver careened off a roadway and rammed into a 22-year-old Guyana Defence Force lance corporal, killing the young soldier in front of his shocked friends.
The tragedy occurred at around 03:10 hours yesterday outside Pouderoyen, West Bank Demerara night club.
The victim has been identified as Marvin Dodson of Cross Street, Alexander Village.
Police reports state that the corporal was standing in front of the night club when a speeding minibus, registered as BTT 8922 struck Dodson.
The vehicle was reportedly driven by a 31-year old resident of Schoonard, West Bank Demerara.
Reports state that the driver was proceeding south along the eastern carriageway at an allegedly fast rate.
The 22-year old, according to his family was in the company of a few of his friends at the club and was standing on the eastern carriageway in front of the building when the accident occurred.
This newspaper understands the victim was dragged some distance away by the speeding vehicle.
The driver, who had stopped some distance away, was allegedly assaulted by witnesses before being whisked away by police ranks.
Police said that his alcohol level, when tested, was found to be above the legal limit.
Lance Corporal Dodson was rushed to the West Demerara Regional Hospital by public spirited persons. He was transferred to the Georgetown Public Hospital where he succumbed around 09:04 hours, a mere six hours after the accident.
Last August, army Staff Sergeant, Omawale Sibdhannie perished after crashing into a parked low bed truck at Timehri, East Bank Demerara. He was stationed at the Four Engineer Battalion at Camp Stephenson.
And in April, 2016, Lashana Moore, 23-year-old GDF rank, was killed in a hit and run accident on Sheriff Street, shortly after exiting a bus.
Homs/Deir Ezzor, SANA – Syrian Army units concluded their military operations in the eastern countryside of Homs province after reclaiming an area of 1,800 square kilometers and eliminating the last gathering for ISIS in the area.
A military source told SANA that army units concluded their military operations in the eastern countryside of Homs after eliminating the last gathering for ISIS in the area and liberating an area of 1,800 square kilometers.
The source said that the operations also resulted in restoring security and stability to tens of towns, villages, and farms, in addition to eliminating hundreds of terrorists and destroying their weapons and equipment.
Earlier, SANA's correspondent in Deir Ezzor said that army units operating in Deir Ezzor province advanced further in the efforts to uproot ISIS in the southeastern countryside of the province by eliminating many terrorists in the western outskirts of al-Mayadeen town.
He said that army units clashed on Friday with terrorists from ISIS in the western outskirts of al-Mayadeen, which resulted in killing many terrorists and inflicting heavy losses in equipment on the terror organization.
The correspondent added that army units established control over the brad production plant at the town's outskirts after eliminating the ISIS terrorists who were barricaded inside it after they covnered it to a weapons and ammo depot.
Hazem Sabbagh
Leighton Buzzard retook Cherwell League Division 2 top spot as they cruised past Cropredy on Saturday.
Their six wicket triumph saw them take over at the top of the league table, just a single point ahead of Buckingham Town 2nds, who beat fellow title contenders Challow and Childrey as they slipped from first to third, 13 points adrift of the new leaders.
Leighton Buzzard vs Cropredy
Things got off to a flyer at Bell Close, and it was a start the visitors would never recover from.
With the combination of Dan Scott and Jack Kempster, Cropredy quickly found themselves 6-4 as the duo tore through them. Kempster would end with figures of 3-40, while Scott took 3-23, and it spelled disaster for Cropredy, who limped to 46-7 before mounting something of a resistance.
Jake Waters (44) and Jamie Jennings (28 not out) managed to put some runs on the board for the visitors, but when Alan Francis (2-19) removed Waters with the score at 81-8, the writing was on the wall.
The tail showed a little sign of life, but they eventually succumbed for just 124.
Stark contrast to Cropredy's opening, Leighton openers Kempster and Phil Whatmore set out their stall early, and put the home side in pole position to take the victory.
Putting on 56 for the opening wicket, Kempster fell for 24, and though they lost Mark Burfoot for a duck, Leighton and in particular Whatmore, continued to power on.
Whatmore would go on to score 76 of Leighton's 128 runs before being bowled out by Jacob Heath, so it was left to Wayne Tyas (19 not out) and Dave Roberts (3 not out) to seal the victory, and indeed top spot.
In Division 5, Leighton Buzzard 2nds climbed to fifth with a four wicket win over Oxford 3rds.
Greg Proudfoot was the pick of the bowlers for Leighton as his remarkable 4-4 saw Oxford back in the pavilion with just 135 runs to their name.
The reply got off to a shaky start though with just seven runs scored by the top four, but an unbeaten 57 from Andy Smith guided Leighton (138-6) to victory.
The annual Heisman Trophy award ceremony is one of the biggest moments in any football season, but there was a touching non-football moment as well on Saturday night as Ernie Els received the Heisman Humanitarian Award.
The award, which had been announced in August, recognized Els' ongoing efforts on behalf of his Els for Autism foundation. Els received the award at Manhattan's PlayStation Theater, where Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield won the Heisman Trophy.
Els, 47, founded Els for Autism in 2009 with his wife after their son, Ben, was diagnosed with autism. Their efforts have since flourished into a 26-acre campus in Jupiter, Fla., and the creation of the Els Center for Excellence in 2015.
The Heisman Humanitarian Award has been given out since 2006. Past recipients include NBA center David Robinson, NFL running back Warrick Dunn, soccer star Mia Hamm and NASCAR driver Jeff Gordon.
A native of South Africa, Els won the U.S. Open in 1994 and 1997 and The Open in 2002 and 2012. He has won 19 times on the PGA Tour and was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2011.
Image copyright Getty Images
Pry-mark or Pree-mark?
How to pronounce the budget retailer's name has caused a basket-load of debate.
Some claim "Pry-mark" is an upmarket affectation. Others say "Pree-mark" is a northern thing.
But Primark has settled the matter once and for all, writing on their website: "We like to use Pr-Eye-Mark."
Skip Twitter post by @niamhioos Like literally every single person I know pronounces it "Preemark" cause saying "Prymark" makes it sounds like you think it's upmarket 😂 — Niamhy Bolger (@niamhioos) August 2, 2017 Report
But Primark isn't the only brand that people mispronounce...
Image copyright Adidas/EPA/Nike/Reuters
IKEA: if you follow the Swedes, it's "ee-kay-uh" not "eye-kee-ah". The word is made up of the initials of the founder's name and the village he grew up in
Does Nike rhyme with like? Apparently not. Chairman Philip Knight confirmed the pronunciation in 2014 was in fact Ni-key, after the Greek goddess of victory
Another sports brand getting our tongues in a twist is Adidas. Named after its founder Adi Dassler (Adolf Dassler), it's A-di-das not a-DEE-das.
Luxury car brand Porsche also takes it name from its founder, Ferdinand Porsche. His family name has two syllables: 'Por-shuh'
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Michigan State University's longtime gymnastics coach announced her retirement on Tuesday, a day after she was suspended amid allegations that she brushed off complaints from a former athlete about a doctor at the center of a sex-abuse scandal.
Kathie Klages, who coached the Spartans women's gymnastics team for 27 years, denied the accusations made in a series of civil court filings by former patients of Dr. Larry Nassar, who treated many of America's Olympic gymnasts and is accused of molesting girls and young women under the guise of invasive medical examinations.
In a statement, Klages' attorney said MSU gymnasts were her top priority and “she would never do anything to put any of them in harm's way.”
“Dr. Nassar was trusted by Ms. Klages to competently and ethically treat her team members. Had she ever received any information to cast doubt on the appropriateness of that trust in Dr. Nassar, she would have reacted immediately to protect her gymnasts.”
Two weeks ago, Klages was named in court papers filed by a former gymnast who claimed that Nassar repeatedly molested her from 1997 to 1999 during invasive treatments while she was training in an MSU youth sports program.
The plaintiff, who is using a Jane Doe pseudonym, alleged that she went to Klages with her concerns about Nassar's treatments and was told that she must be “misunderstanding” his procedures.
“Klages explained that she had known Nassar for years and could not imagine him doing anything questionable,” the complaint says.
“Klages explained that she [Klages] could file something, but that it would have serious consequences for Plaintiff and for Nassar. This conversation left Plaintiff feeling intimidated, embarrassed, and scared, and caused Plaintiff to believe that nothing illegal or tortious was happening.”
Related: Sex-Abuse Accusers Sue Gymnastics Doctor Larry Nassar
In a new round of court papers filed Tuesday, another former gymnast alleged that Klages asked her around the same time if Nassar was performing vaginal procedures on her. When the teenager said he was, Klages allegedly told her there was “no reason to bring up Nassar's conduct.”
In the statement, Klages' attorney said the coach is “extremely distressed by the accusations” and is fully cooperating in all investigations.
“The underlying accusations involving Ms. Klages have been a serious distraction to her professional responsibilities and detrimental to her overall well-being. Her recent suspension as head coach is a consequence of that,” the statement said.
“Out of respect to the University and the gymnastics program in particular, Ms. Klages believes it is in everyone's best interests for her to retire from her current position at MSU.”
Nassar has been accused of molesting more than 60 former patients, including at least one Olympic medalist. The Michigan Attorney General charged him with abusing a family friend starting when she was 6 years old, and the feds hit him with child pornography charges.
Nassar, who is being held without bail, denies the allegations. His lawyers have said any procedures he performed were medically appropriate.
Michigan State fired him in the fall, and USA Gymnastics, the sport's national governing body, ousted him as the team doctor in 2015 in response to unspecified “athlete concerns.”
New Orleans Saints linebacker Alex Anzalone (47) battles for a pass against fullback John Robinson-Woodget, right, during NFL football practice in Metairie, La., Tuesday, June 13, 2017. (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert)
METAIRIE, La. (AP) -- When linebacker A.J. Klein joined the Saints this offseason, he wasn't keenly aware of the problems New Orleans had on defense during the past few seasons and remains uninterested in revisiting it.
''I really didn't look into numbers. I didn't look into what's happened in the past,'' Klein said after a minicamp practice on Wednesday. ''Right now I'm focused on the future, focused on building on what we have.''
And what the Saints have in their linebacker room looks considerably different than this time a year ago, when New Orleans was planning on 2016 free-agent signing James Laurinaitis taking over at middle linebacker, only to wind up releasing him less than halfway into last season.
After signing Klein, the Saints also added free agent Manti Te'o and used a third-round draft choice on Alex Anzalone out of Florida.
The new players joined a linebacker group that includes returning starters Dannell Ellerbe and Craig Robertson, along with Nate Stupar, who served mostly as a reserve and special teams stalwart last season.
Also back is 2015 late first-round draft pick Stephone Anthony, who is trying to bounce back from a season that saw his playing time diminished.
They all have a new position coach in Mike Nolan, who has taken over for Joe Vitt.
Last season, the Saints' defense ranked 27th in yards allowed, which actually represented an improvement over the previous two seasons, when the unit ranked 31st. Although the linebackers weren't the only defensive players who struggled, that was an area the Saints evidently targeted for improvement.
''It just seems like it's a new room. There are a lot of new faces and the old faces- everybody's just trying to get a feel for each other,'' said Te'o, whose work has been limited while he continues his comeback from a torn Achilles.
''We're all hanging out. We're all working out together. We're all competing and when the pads come on, that's going to be the biggest tell for everybody.''
Nolan's hope is that an injection of new players in the linebacker group will raise the level of play across that position group. He also has emphasized versatility, seeing what all the linebackers can do at various inside and outside spots.
''We're rotating all those guys,'' Nolan said. ''All the guys see it as a real competitive position and that's a good thing - and I think it's legit.
''The fact that A.J. and Manti and even Alex Anzalone, the rookie, have been added to the group, the veterans in Craig and Nate and Anthony and all those guys, I think they feel it. But they should feel it. Everyone should feel it. That's how you get better. Whoever starts, starts. But I think it's a good group if we can just stay healthy.''
Nolan, whose father, Dick, served as Saints head coach from 1978 to 1980, has been coaching in the NFL since 1987 and attained his first job as a defensive coordinator with the New York Giants in 1993. He spent four seasons as head coach in San Francisco from 2005-2008.
''From a confidence standpoint, obviously you feel like you can help,'' Nolan said. ''I was a coordinator for 17 years and we had some really good years.''
Dennis Allen, New Orleans' current defensive coordinator, said Nolan has brought fresh ideas.
''There are some terminology things, things that he does in teaching the linebackers that, you know, when I hear it I'm like, 'I haven't heard it that way,' but it makes sense,'' Allen said.
''You can get into situations when you've been doing it for a while you kind of get stuck in that routine and you're kind of doing the same thing,'' Allen added.
''When you bring some new blood into the organization, it kind of opens your eyes maybe to some different things.''
Klein said he has been working mostly at the middle and strong-side linebacker spots, but also is trying to learn the weak side in a defense that is expected to deploy a 4-3 alignment (four linemen, three linebackers) in running situations.
Te'o, who generally has played in the middle, said he's eager to play at either outside spot as well.
Robertson, who took over as starting middle linebacker last season, has been working primarily in the middle and weak side.
Robertson said what he did last year, ''doesn't matter.''
''It's a what-have-you-done-for-me-lately league and you've got to show that you're a better player than what you were last year,'' Robertson said. ''You can't look back at last year. ... It's all about now.''
Notes: Saints center Max Unger said his goal is to be starting in Week 1 of the regular season after having foot surgery this offseason. Unger is not currently practicing and was wearing a walking boot in the locker room as he continues his rehabilitation. ...
---
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Follow @insidefutbol
Josh Windass has explained that in addition to Graeme Murty giving him a lot of confidence, the Rangers interim boss is also brutally honest when it comes to assessing the midfielder's performances.
The Gers, who appointed Murty as their interim manager after sacking Pedro Caixinha at the end of October, confirmed earlier in the month that the 43-year-old will stay in the role until the end of the year at least.
Windass has been performing well under Murty, scoring four times and providing two assists in seven Scottish Premiership games, whereas he managed just a goal and two assists in nine league outings before the Under-20s boss took charge of the first team this season.
And the 23-year-old insisted that while Murty provides him with a lot of confidence, he is also always honest when evaluating his displays.
“I've known Murty for quite a while now”, Windass said on Rangers TV.
“He gives me a lot of confidence, he praises my performances and he hammers me if I'm not playing very well.
“But I think that's what you need, you need a lot of honesty.
“He tells me when I'm good, he tells me when I'm bad and he gives me tips on how to improve.
“He has been brilliant since he has come in and all the lads feel the same.”
Murty was in temporary charge of the first team last season as well after the departure of Mark Warburton in February.
Actor Tom Cruise rides a motorcycle on the set of “Mission: Impossible 6” in Paris on April 30, 2017. Mehdi Taamallah / NurPhoto via Getty Images file
- Advertisement -
A tax-relief system introduced in 2009, and then boosted in 2016, has been a big factor. The program allows foreign filmmakers to reclaim up to 30 percent of production costs incurred in France.
“That has had a significant effect on the amount of foreign productions coming to France,” said John Bernard, a producer whose company Peninsula Film worked on the third and fourth installments of “The Hunger Games” series as well as the upcoming “Fifty Shades Freed.” (NBC News is a sister company of Universal Pictures, which is behind movies including “Despicable Me” and “Fifty Shades Freed.”)
Foreign investment in France's movie industry more than doubled to 139 million euros ($173 million) in 2016 — from just 57 million euros ($71 million) the previous year.
But the tax situation is only part of the equation.
“Paris is a very film-friendly city,” said Valérie Lépine-Karnik, the chief executive of the national film commission.
She highlighted how accommodating the French capital had been for the production of the series finale of Netflix's “Sense8” TV series and “Mission: Impossible 6.”Both are due to be released this year.
For “Sense8,” permission was granted for a massive fireworks display at the Eiffel Tower.
[embedded content]
And despite the country being on high alert due to terrorist threats and
the run-up to last year's presidential election, entire areas of Paris were blocked off for the sake of Tom Cruise's next “Mission: Impossible” film.
“There's a beautiful scene that we wouldn't have been able to shoot without the support of the air force,” added Raphael Benoliel, the owner of Firstep, a French production company that worked on the movie.
Benoliel said that the level of talent available in France also made the country attractive.
“The major difference that foreign directors have pointed out to me is that in France, cinema is not just an industry, it's above all art,” he told NBC News. “So technicians see their work as a passion, an art form, and you can feel it in their work.”
With around 5,000 crew members hired locally to work on “Mission: Impossible 6,” officials estimate the film had an economic impact of around 25 million euros ($35 million) over a seven-week period.
However, there are challenges associated with France's film industry — including more stringent labor laws than in some other places.
“Here, a 12-hour work day is the absolute limit and you even need special paperwork,” Benoliel said, adding that in countries like Britain, “a 12-hour work day is the norm.”
But Lépine-Karnik said such issues were unlikely to keep filmmakers from embracing the city.
“Paris will always be Paris,” she said.
The skyline in Paris. Oktay Ortakcioglu / Getty Images file
Arewa quit notice: Don't panic, Osinbajo tells Ndigbo
——–To meet all ethnic leaders, stakeholders next week Thursady
By Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA – Acting President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo Wednesday told people of South East not to panic over recent quit notice given to them by the coalition of Arewa youths to leave the 19 Northern States on or before 1st October, saying that the Federal Government has made adequate arrangement to protect every citizen of the country.
This is as Prof. Osinbajo has said that he will be meeting with the leaders of all ethnic groups in the country as well as stakeholders to discuss issues on the continuous unity and existence of the country.
Recall that the Acting President had on Tuesday while meeting with the Northern Elders including the Arewa Consultative Forum, vowed that the Federal Government would deal with any person or group that threaten the peace of the country through hate speeches.
The Federal Government has also explained that the series of interactions lined up with the relevant stakeholders in the Nigeria project that started on Tuesday, will be rounded off on 22nd June.
Briefing journalists after the Federal Executive Council, FEC, presided over by the Acting President, Prof. Osinbajo, the Minister of Information; Alhaji Lai Mohammed said that the Acting President will be addressing traditional rulers and leaders of thought from the South East on Friday.
He explained that the idea behind the consultative meeting was not just to assure that the administration was doing something about the quit notice to the Igbos to vacate the North before 1st October, but that the situation was under control.
According to the minister, “On the 22nd of June there will be a joint consultative meeting of all the groups, that is the traditional rulers, religious leaders and leaders of thought from both the south eastern part of Nigeria and the northern part of Nigeria,” he said.
“The call for people from certain parts of the country to relocate to their region is generally very disquieting voices.
“We just want to assure Nigerians that the federal government is on top of the matter. ….Yesterday (Tuesday), the Acting President addressed leaders from the northern part of the country. At 4 p.m today (Wednesday) he is going to address leaders from the South Eastern part of the country.
“The idea is not just to assure Nigerians that we are doing something about it but also to give comfort to all Nigerians that this matter is completely under control. To assure Nigerians that any Nigerian anywhere is save, the security authorities are completely on top of the matter and that they will deal decisively with any group of people whose conduct that is believed is going to create instability in the country.
“So there is no need for anybody to panic, there is no need for anybody to move from any part of the country. The security agencies are on top of the matter and there is no reason for anybody to panic.”
Also briefing journalists, the Minister of Finance, Kemi Adeosun said that she presented a memo that was approved by the FEC to sign a multilateral convention for the implementation of tax treaty related matters.
She said, “I presented a memo which was approved by council today and permission was granted to sign a multilateral convention to implement tax treaty related matters to prevent us prevent base erosion and profit shifting.
“In simple language, this administration is very focused on revenue generation and mobilisation and part of that work is to improve our tax collection. One of the means by which major companies evade is a
practice called base erosion and profit shifting which means that the profit that was made in Nigeria using accounting methods shift it to a country that has little or no tax.
The post Arewa quit notice: Don't panic, Osinbajo tells Ndigbo appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The death has occurred of Lisa Marie Frahill, Shannonvale, Old Cratloe Road, Limerick, suddenly.
Very deeply regretted by her loving parents Liam, Peggy & Danny, daughter Aligha, brother Darren, sisters April, Danielle & Jade, grandfather Thomas (Frahill) uncles, aunts, cousins, extended family and many friends.
Arriving for 10am Requiem Mass on Saturday (June 2nd) at St. John's Cathedral with funeral afterwards to Mount St. Oliver Cemetery. Family flowers only. Donations, if desired, to Limerick Suicide Watch.
The death has occurred of Keith Hanley, Silverbrook, Mill Road, Corbally, Corbally and late of Carnane, Fedamore, at home after a long illness borne with courage.
Very deeply regretted by his loving wife Majella, daughter Nicki, parents Marian & Martin, sisters Caroline, Cathy, Amanda & Deborah, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, nieces, nephews, grandnephew, other relatives & friends.
Reposing at Griffin's Funeral Home, John's Gate on Thursday (May 31st) from 5pm to 7pm. Service to take place in Shannon Crematorium on Friday (June 1st) at 12 noon. Family flowers only; donations, if desired, to Milford Care Centre ~ Home Care Team.
The death has occurred of John (Stage) Lyons, Oakley Lawn and late of Inch St. Lawerence, Caherconlish, suddenly at home.
Son of the late Catherine & John Lyons. Deeply regretted by his loving wife Margaret, daughters Martina, Pauline & Helen, grandchildren Timothy, Patrick, Ellie & Katelyn, brothers Michael & Timmy, sisters Helen, Martina & Mary, son-in-law Patrick, nieces, nephews, all other relatives, neighbours & friends.
Reposing at Cross' Funeral Home, Ballyneety, Saturday (June 2nd) from 6pm followed by removal at 8pm to Our Lady Mother of the Church, Caherconlish. Requiem Mass Sunday (June 3rd) at 11am with funeral afterwards to Inch St. Lawrence Cemetery.
The death has occurred of Patrick G. Culhane, late of Kill Lane, Foxrock, formerly of Castletroy, Co. Limerick and former director of PJ Walls Ltd, peacefully in his 94th year in the tender care of the staff at Saint Joseph's Shankill, surrounded by his devoted family.
Loving husband of the late Dr. Máire Culhane (née Quigley), wonderful father of Michael and Brenda, treasured Daideo of Mikey, Paddy, Tomó, Evie Mae and their mum Sinead, Finn, Conán, Oisín and Fiach; sadly missed by his sisters Eileen (Dodd) and Maureen (Kearns), son-in-law Philip (Doyle), a great uncle Pat to his many nieces and nephews, extended family and friends.
A gathering for family and friends will take place in Saint Jospeh's, Shankill on Wednesday, 30th May from 5.00pm to 7.00pm. Funeral Mass on Thursday, 31st May, at 11.30am in the Church of Our Lady of Perpetual Succour, Foxrock followed by burial in Dean's Grange Cemetery. Family flowers only, please. Donations, if desired, to Saint Joseph's Shankill can be made at the church.
The death has occurred of Richard Doyle, Glenina, Gort Road, Ennis, Co. Clare and formerly of Lahinch and Limerick, pecefully at the University Hospital Limerick.
Sadly missed by his sons Richard and David, grandchildren, extended family and friends.
Reposing at Kennedy's Funeral Home, Ennis, on Wednesday 30th May from 5.30 pm with removal at 7 pm to St. Joseph's Church, Ennis. Funeral Mass on Thursday at 11 am. Burial afterwards in Drumcliffe Cemetery.
The death has occurred of James (Seamus) O'Brien, Colivet Court, Carew Park, Limerick and late of Fairgreen, Ballysimon & Moyross, unexpectedly.
Deeply regretted by his daughters Jean, Michelle & Melissa, sons Gerard & Peter, grandchildren, brothers Tom, Kevin, John & Larry, sisters Elizabeth, Fiona & Phil, daughters-in-law, nieces, nephews, relatives and friends.
Reposing at Cross' Funeral Home, Gerald Griffin Street, Thursday (May 31st) from 5.30pm followed by removal at 7pm to St. Brigid's Church, St. Patrick's Road. Requiem Mass Friday (June 1st) at 11am with funeral afterwards to Mount St. Lawrence (old) Cemetery. Family flowers only. Donations, if desired to, Limerick Marine Search & Rescue.
The death has occurred of Bega Ryan (née Melvin), Ballinvullen, Newcastle West and formerly of Ross, Killala, Co. Mayo, in the excellent care of the staff at Milford Care Centre.
Beloved wife of Joe, mother of Eileen, Hugh, Kate, Pat and Joe, sister of Maureen, Thelma, Vincent and Matt. Deeply regretted by her family, grandchildren, sons-in-law, daughters-in-law, nieces and nephews, relatives and many friends.
Reposing at Riedy's Funeral Home, Newcastle West Wednesday evening, 30th May, from 5pm to 8pm. Arriving at Castlemahon Church on Thursday morning, 31st May, for Requiem Mass at 12.30pm. Burial afterwards in St. Ita's Cemetery Killeedy. Family flowers only please. Donations, if desired, to Milford Care Centre. House private please.
Pat Robertson at the Military Aviation Museum in Virginia Beach, Virginia on Sept. 8, 2012. Charles Dharapak / AP file
- Advertisement -
In
an online news release, The Christian Broadcasting Network, which Robertson founded, says he was rushed to the nearest stroke center Friday after a family member recognized the onset of symptoms.
The release says that within minutes of receiving clot-busting drugs, Robertson was awake, responsive and able to move all his limbs.
The Virginia-based network says 87-year-old Robertson is alert and expected to make a full recovery.
In addition to founding The Christian Broadcasting Network, Robertson hosts its flagship show “The 700 Club.”
SAN RAMON — In the very near future, the pallets used in warehouses and on trucks to help move products, the water meter attached to your house and even the soda fountain at your favorite restaurant may all be connected to the internet.
On Tuesday, AT&T announced that by the end of June it will be turning on some new technology nationwide that will help devices such as these go online. Dubbed LTE-M, the technology was designed for the Internet of Things.
“We're showing that not only is it real, but it's crossing many different industries,” said Chris Penrose, the company's president of Internet of Things solutions, at a press event here on Tuesday.
LTE-M is a version of the same cellular technology that's used by smartphones to get high-speed connections to the internet. But the technology has been tuned for use by everyday objects and gadgets rather than powerful computers and phones.
It uses a fraction of the energy required by regular LTE radios; LTE-M devices could last as long as 10 years on a single charge, according to industry estimates. The technology can also penetrate walls that are up to 8 inches thicker than what standard cellular signals can penetrate, according to AT&T offices. That could prove useful for objects and devices that are located deep inside buildings or in other areas that have a lot of interference.
LTE-M only allows for a trickle of data — about 386 kilobits a second, compared to 100 megabits a second or more for the latest versions of LTE. But that's generally sufficient for Internet of Things devices, which are usually transmitting small bits of data, such as their location or the gallons of water used in a particular time period.
Much of the talk around the Internet of Things has focused on connecting consumer products like cars, watches, fridges and toasters to the internet. But the companies represented at AT&T's event indicated that connecting smart “things” designed for use by corporations and other organizations could be just as important. And AT&T's LTE-M technology could be used for both.
In AT&T's offices here, Darren Koenig, senior director of digital innovation at Pepsico, showed off a soda fountain that allows consumers to customize their drinks with extra flavors. The machine can allow the company to keep track of what types of flavors and drinks are preferred in particular cities or areas of the country. In that way, the machines can act like miniature focus groups wherever they're placed, Koenig said.
The soda fountains can already be connected to the internet using older cellular technologies. But the radios used to connect to LTE-M can be much smaller than older ones, which will allow Pepsi to build them into the soda fountains, rather than having to attach them outside of them, Koenig said. The technology's ability to penetrate walls will allow the company to place the machines in areas it couldn't before, he said. And with prices of the radio modules coming down, Pepsi will be able to incorporate them into more machines, he said.
“There's the opportunity for us to expand this to more people,” Koenig said.
RM2, a global supply chain company, has developed a new kind of pallet that has an LTE-M radio built into it, which Matthew Gilfillan, CEO of the company's America's division, showed off here. The pallets are made from composite materials that are designed to last far longer than standard wooden ones. The LTE-M radios will allow RM2 and its clients to keep track of the pallets and the goods that sit on them as they're transported around the country and world. Theft and loss of goods and pallets is a significant expense that many companies face.
The pallet market alone could be a big one for the Internet of Things. As Gilfillan noted, there are some 4 billion pallets in use in the United States alone.
But AT&T subscribers shouldn't worry that having all those pallets and other devices on the network is going to make it impossible to watch Netflix or make a call, AT&T representatives said. Not only do such devices use very little data, they are essentially turned off and not connected to the network most of the time, said David Allen, AT&T's director of IoT advanced product development.
What may be more worrisome to consumers are the kinds of smart meters that will be using the LTE-M technology. Capstone Metering CEO Scott Williamson showed how one of his company's smart water meters could allow a utility company or customer to tell when a toilet flapper wasn't working correctly and causing the commode to flush regularly. The data collected from such smart meters could even potentially show whether people washed their hands after they flushed. A utility also could use such a meter to alert a customer a water leak or other trouble in near real-time, Williamson said.
AT&T hasn't said yet how much it plans to charge companies to connect their Internet of Things devices to its LTE-M network. But it's considering charging them on a per bit or per device basis, Penrose said.
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
Share
Concrete isn't the sexiest building material, made up of little more than cement, water, and rocks. It's neither as strong as steel nor as flexible as wood, but without it our world would look a lot different. From sidewalks to skyscrapers, concrete plays a major role in construction, both inside and out.
Now, researchers from the University of Exeter have created a new concrete production technique that reinforces the material with graphene. In a study published this week in the journal Advanced Function Materials, the researchers describe how the composite material — which they've taken to calling GraphCrete — is at least two times as strong and four times more water-resistant than conventional concrete, and could make future construction more sustainable and environmentally friendly.
“Nearly 10 percent of global carbon emissions are due to cement and concrete use,” Monica Craciun, professor of nanoscience at University of Exeter and co-author of the study, told Digital Trends. “We demonstrate a new perspective for reinforcing traditional concrete on the nanoscale level, which has great impact on its mechanical properties.”
To do so, Craciun and her colleagues used graphene, the semi-metal that is often called a wonder material for its seemingly endless applications. In the recent research, a graphene concentrate was used to fortify concrete in its early formation, doubling its compressive strength and making it almost four times more water-resistant.
“What does this mean?” Craciun said. “You can use twice as less concrete per cubic-meter and still achieve the same strength. Or, alternatively, in areas of the world subject to flooding you can increase the life and durability of any building. In short, our graphene reinforced concrete can contribute to significant decrease in carbon emissions due to improved strength and durability.”
The increased strength and durability would also make GraphCrete desirable for developers who want to build bigger buildings.
Graphene is notorious for rarely making it out of the lab. However, Craciun is confident she and her team will find real-world applications for the research soon.
“We are currently exploring the business case for Graphene Nano Additives that can enhance the physical properties of composite materials,” she said, adding that they are looking for stakeholders interested in exploring business cases for their technologies.
Hi, the old [insert your name here] can't come to the phone right now. She wasn't sparkly enough."Glitter Bomb" iPhone case, $28 at ban.do
ban.do
Grove, Eccles claim male and female titles
Grove defeated New Diamond by one run to win the male title when the East Bank Demerara zone of the National Sports Commission, Ministry of Education AL Sport and Tour Promotions 20th Annual Primary Schools day/night Windball Cricket Champions Trophy concluded recently at the National Gymnasium.
Batting first, Grove posted 92-6 with Randy Khan scoring 28 and Tobeer Hussein 24; Jonathan Chandra had 2-5 and Deonarine Dindial 2-10. New Diamond playing in their first zone finals replied with 91-7. Dindial struck 50 and Raj Richards 16. Ramesh Persaud snared 4-5 and Randy Khan 3-30.
Eccles overcame Diamond by 42 runs to win the third place playoff. Eccles took first strike and rattled up 101-2. Mikeal John hit 44 and K Singh 36. Diamond were limited to 59- 5 in reply. Joshua Dias made 18.
Eccles beat Covent Garden by 38 runs to capture the female crown. Eccles took first strike and scored 127-1. Doniela Thom slammed 64, while Venus Luke-King made 25. Covent Garden made 89-2 in reply. Lashana Sobers got 41.
The Georgetown zone continued at the said venue with action in the female division. FE Pollard batted first and managed 40-6. Abigail Bonar had three wickets including a hat-trick. Bel Air replied with 39-0. Brandy Charles picked two wickets.
Tucville made 71- 4 with Rayanna Peters scoring 56. North Georgetown responded with 74 with out lost.
North Georgetown got 100-1. Naiomi Barkoye struck 96 (6x6s, 11x4s). Winfer Garden were restricted to 85-3 in response. Keasha Jones made 20.
In case you missed sex education class, let's briefly go over how getting pregnant works. The most common way a person gets pregnant is through unprotected vaginal intercourse, when the penis ejaculates semen into the vagina.
The semen contains sperm, which travels up the vaginal canal, through the cervix, and into the uterus. If there's an egg present in the uterus, then the sperm can fertilize it. Once the fertilized egg implants in the lining of the uterus, voilà — you're pregnant.
But the question remains: Could sperm still enter the vagina and cause a pregnancy without the whole penis-in-vagina sex preamble? And we aren't talking about insemination or IVF – we're focusing on the crazy mishaps and accidents that could maybe technically theoretically lead to pregnancy.
As Canada moves closer to legalizing cannabis, the federal government wants to reiterate that WEED IS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE FUN, EVER.
Health Canada just announced new regulations that will guide how weed will be grown and sold in Canada.
Here's what the federal government envisions as packaging for weed in stores.
According to the proposed rules, only one "brand element" will be allowed on the packaging and it can't be any bigger than the giant THC stop sign that will be affixed to all products.
Packages will also need a whole bunch of other information, including the all-caps warning "KEEP OUT OF REACH OF CHILDREN."
MIT creates 'Avatar'-like plants that glow in the dark These plants are glowin' up. Scientists at MIT have succeeded in creating plants that light up for hours at a time. “The vision is to make a plant that will...
The insider's guide to Disney's crazy new Avatar theme park When Walt Disney Parks and Resorts announced a coalition with the juggernaut that is “Avatar” — director James Cameron's 2009 “Pocahontas”-meets-aliens epic that remains the highest-grossing movie of all time...
Don't expect to see 'Avatar' sequel anytime soon The sequel to the 2009 scifi blockbuster was scheduled to be released in theaters on Dec. 21, 2018.
Inside Disney World's new 'Avatar' land This new Disney attraction is out of this world. In 2017, a play-land inspired by James Cameron's sci-fi epic “Avatar” will open at Disney World in Orlando, Florida. Named “World...
Don't expect to see Michelle Rodriguez in 'Avatar 2' The actress confirmed to The Post that director James Cameron did not ask her to appear in the sequel to the hit film, which is slated for a 2017 release.
'Avatar' sequel delayed because James Cameron is underwater Wondering why we have yet to see a sequel to James Cameron's “Avatar,” the highest grossing movie of all time? Blame it on the guy's love of — and borderline...
Monkeys can control sleeping peer's movements by thought Scientists inspired by the movie “Avatar” have demonstrated that one monkey can use his thoughts to control the movements of a second, sleeping monkey. Researchers at Harvard Medical School said...
MOSCOW — Russian officials and Google have reached an agreement to settle a two-year-old case against Google for requiring the pre-installation of some of its apps on mobile devices using the Android system.
The agreement was announced Monday by Alexei Dostenko, deputy head of Russia's Federal Anti-Monopoly Service, according to Russian news reports.
Related Articles DNA leads to arrest in murder of jogger in Massachusetts
Which companies pay the most? Many are in the Bay Area
Prostitute who gave Google exec fatal drug shot is deported
US regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers
Wolverton: YouTube TV could use some more time in production Under the settlement, Google is to pay 439 million rubles ($7.8 million) in fines and will not limit the pre-installation of third-party apps, the reports said.
The case was brought to the FAS in 2015 by Yandex, which is Russia's dominant search engine and offers various apps including a popular one for ordering taxis. Yandex's shares surged 6 percent on the Moscow stock exchange after the settlement was announced.
The people have spoken. And they want fried chicken late at night -- preferably without leaving the comfort of their homes.
Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, the fast-food chain owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc., posted a surprise gain in same-store sales in the U.S. last quarter.
Helping the business? Dinner and post-dinner delivery orders. While the service is only offered in “several hundred” domestic Popeyes so far, the company is accelerating the rollout of delivery across the U.S. in the coming months. That may let it better compete with McDonald's Corp., which has been using UberEats to bring Big Macs directly to diners' homes.
“Consumers have particularly enjoyed using the delivery channel to purchase Popeyes products for the dinner and for the late-night day parts,” Chief Executive Officer Daniel Schwartz said on a conference call Tuesday. Orders at those times of day “typically involve larger check sizes,” he said.
Schwartz says he's encouraged by the results and intends to “meaningfully broaden our test in the coming months.”
GRAND FORKS, N.D. (April 24, 2018) — After parting ways with Jimco Motorsports last month Mark Dobmeier now has solid plans for the 2018 season and beyond.
Dobmeier announced Monday the formation of Mark Dobmeier Racing, LLC. Dobmeier has struck an agreement Blazin' Racing LLC to acquire their race equipment, semi, and trailer to form Team 13 Racing. In addition Dobmeier will retain backing from Buffalo Wild Wings and has teamed up again with Dave and Jamie Lundstra for the new effort.
Team 13 Racing is scheduled to make their debut May 11th at River City Speedway.
WASHINGTON (WFLA) — You may not like the cold weather that's sweeping the east coast, but a giant panda at the National Zoo is thrilled!
Over the weekend, Mei Xiang was seen rolling around and somersaulting in the snow at the National Zoo in Washington, D.C. Her adorable acrobats were caught on video and posted online, where it has since been liked and shared thousands of times.
The zoo says giant pandas are native to the cold climate and are more active in the wintertime.
Another video was posted Sunday showing red panda Asa and giant panda Bei Bei playing around in the snow.
More Pandas in the snow! Keepers caught this view of red panda Asa climbing in the ❄️ this morning. (Yup, that's 🐼 #BeiBei in the neighboring yard.) #PandaStory pic.twitter.com/D45NrVb1IF — National Zoo (@NationalZoo) December 10, 2017
The zoo released a statement over the weekend saying they are working to ensure all animals and visitors are healthy and comfortable as temperatures drop.
“Most of the animals at the Zoo are selected for their ability to thrive in Washington, D.C.'s year-round climate,” the statement reads.
Halfpoint/fizkes/ShutterstockEveryone knows regular exercise is essential, but not everyone can pull that off. For people with painful joints or limiting disabilities, being able to hit the gym, the jogging track, or even a home treadmill may be out of the question. But thanks to Salk Institute scientists, there may be a loophole—a pill that delivers all of exercise's benefits, no workouts necessary.
A new study, published in Cell Metabolism, builds on earlier work revealing that running triggers a specific gene pathway known as PPARD. The Salk Institute scientists chemically activated PPARD in sedentary mice, and discovered they could bring about many of the beneficial effects of exercise in those mice—including increased fat burning and stamina—without a lick of activity. The mice got the drug over a period of eight weeks, and by the end, they could run on a treadmill for 70 percent longer (about 100 more minutes) than sedentary mice who didn't get the drug, the researchers discovered.
“We previously activated the pathway in mice through genetic engineering,” explained senior author Ronald Evans, a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator, “and discovered that doing so turned the animals into long-distance runners, and they gained many of the health benefits of exercise such as better responsiveness to insulin and greater resistance to weight gain, and had many other markers of good health.” However, the mice still had to be active to gain all the benefits. In the new study, the mice got a higher dose of a chemical compound (called GW1516) that activates PPARD, and they got the compound for twice as long.
“Exercise activates PPARD, but we're showing that you can do the same thing without mechanical training. It means you can improve endurance to the equivalent level as someone in training, without all of the physical effort,” says Weiwei Fan, a Salk research associate and the paper's first author, in a press release from Science Daily.
“The drug will provide the most benefit for people who are physically unable to exercise due to other health conditions, like having COPD, being elderly, or wheelchair-bound,” said Michael Downes, a Salk senior scientist and co-senior author of the paper. “We realize athletes may want to take this drug for a competitive advantage, but it's really meant for people who simply don't have the option of exercising.” Human testing is next, which means a pill for the people who need it is still a few years away. In the meantime, you can find plenty of exercise loopholes if you know where to look.
An investigation into Michigan State University's handling of allegations against Dr. Larry Nassar is already getting ugly.
The Attorney General's office had state police seize evidence from the Big Ten campus on Friday, saying the university did not turn it over fast enough.
A spokesman for the newly appointed president of MSU then accused Attorney General Bill Schuette of playing politics with the probe.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed JAN. 28: MSU under investigation in wake of Larry Nassar scandal 1:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“What you have been an attorney general running for governor,” said John Truscott, speaking on behalf on the new president, former Michigan Gov. John Engler.
Related: ‘Army of women' fights gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar with words
Schuette announced last week that he had appointed a special counsel to investigate MSU, which has been accused of ignoring warnings about Nassar's sexual abuse of patients for almost 20 years.
In a letter to MSU, the AG's office demanded emails and texts for a raft of MSU officials, from trustees down to sports trainers, be turned over by Feb. 9.
But Schuette wanted some things immediately: the computer, phone and calendars of William Strampel, who was the dean of the College of Osteopathic Medicine while Nassar had his sports practice there.
In a statement to the media, Schuette's office said: “On Saturday, January 27, immediate production of physical items assigned to William Strampel were requested by the Special Counsel. This has not occurred. We are continuing to investigate with our partners at the Michigan State Police and will not be providing further comment.”
Truscott called the statement disingenuous saying MSU officials had been in contact with AG investigators about a timeline for surrendering the requested items and had agreed to relinquish all but Strampel's personal phone in the next couple of days.
Demonstrators gather at Michigan State University's East Lansing campus to support victims of disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar on January 26. Dale G. Young / Detroit News via AP file
Related: 'We were wrong': Michigan police apologize for doubting Nassar accuser
“Somebody's playing politics,” he said. “It lets us know what we are in for.”
Engler, he said, “won't be happy to hear about this.”
Schuette's spokesman, Andrea Bitely, said in an email to NBC News that there was no agreed-upon schedule for turning items over.
"It's unfortunate that some have chosen to politicize this investigation. This is not a crisis of our making, but we will get to the bottom of it," she said.
Engler was named interim president this week after Lou Anna Simon resigned under pressure. Some faculty members and students are unhappy about the selection of a politically connected man to run a school roiled by sex abuse allegations.
Nassar was fired from MSU in 2016 after the Indianapolis Star reported the first public allegations against him. Since then, more than 260 women have accused Nassar of molesting them under the guise of medical treatments.
Nassar, who was also the team doctor for USA Gymnastics, will be sentenced on Monday for abusing three girls. He previously was sentenced to 60 years for child porn and 40 to 175 years for abusing seven girls.
MSU investigated an abuse claim against him in 2014 but decided his procedure was not sexual. Strampel wrote in an email to Nassar that he was “happy” the doctor was returning to full practice.
Seven students held at gunpoint -robbed of cell phones and cash
Children are now the most recent targets of gunmen who have been carrying out a spate of daily robberies.
At around noon yesterday, two robbers left seven students, including four girls traumatized, after holding them at gunpoint at Keisha's Shop, located in Macaw Lane, South Ruimveldt.
The victims, aged between 15 and 16, were relieved of three cell phones, a Nintendo game, and $5,500.
Police said that the students were at the shop preparing to purchase snacks, when two men rode up on bicycles and held them at gunpoint. They then relieved the victims of their valuables before fleeing west along Macaw Lane.
Police said that there were CCTV cameras in the area.
Early Wednesday morning, a 37-year-old security guard was robbed of a Samsung cell phone and $6,000 while walking along Longden Street. The guard was walking along Longden Street at around 05:30 hrs when three men, including one with a handgun and another with a knife, pushed him against a store wall.
One of the robbers relieved the victim of his property before escaping with accomplices. Police said that one of the robbers was identified by the alias ‘Lil Boy,' and efforts are being made to locate him.
And at around 20:30 hrs on Thursday, three bandits robbed security guard Godfrey Anthony, 42, and Kasika Benjamin, 27 in the vicinity of Sea Island Hotel located at High and Princes Streets.
Police said that Anthony and Benjamin were standing outside the hotel when the robbers approached from a southern direction. Anthony was relieved of Toshiba laptop computer, while Benjamin was robbed of her cell phone.
The robbers fled south into High Street before turning into east into Princes Street.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
LISBON, Portugal — A proposal to make Portugal one of only a handful of countries allowing euthanasia and doctor-assisted suicide was narrowly rejected by lawmakers Tuesday.
After a landmark debate, lawmakers voted to reject four broadly similar bills introduced by left-leaning parties. The bill that came closest to succeeding was the work of the governing Socialist Party, which failed on a 115-110 vote with four abstentions.
Euthanasia — when a doctor kills patients at their request — is legal in Belgium, Canada, Colombia, Luxembourg and the Netherlands. In Switzerland, and some U.S. states, assisted suicide — where patients administer the lethal drug themselves, under medical supervision — is permitted.
The country's two main parties, the Socialists and the main opposition Social Democratic Party, allowed their lawmakers to vote according to their conscience.
Euthanasia was forced onto the political agenda by a public petition urging its introduction in 2016.
The deeply divisive issue is the latest point of friction between faith and politics in this predominantly Catholic country.
Prodded by a series of left-leaning governments determined to bring about what they called a “modernization” of the country, the Portuguese parliament has in recent years voted to permit abortion on demand and same-sex marriage.
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:29 UNC student mocks Duke's Grayson Allen in trippy parody video
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Featherstone Rovers's point in the capital came at a cost as forward Andy Bostock suffered a potentially serious ACL injury.
The prop forward went down in an off-the-ball incident and was forced from the field.
Head coach John Duffy, who picked up his first point since being appointed last month, admitted the injury didn't look good.
“He had no one around him and when you see things like that, I hope not, touch wood, but you always seem to get a bad result off those,” he said.
“Hopefully he'll be Ok but it did look bad. It looks like an ACL to be fair but I hope he's not too bad but I think he will be done for the Qualifiers.”
After an encouraging performance, Duffy insisted there is more to come.
“I think we can get a lot better in certain areas. I think we're superb in some areas but we can improve.
“It's a very tough place to come and they've always been fantastic at home.
“We're not here just to make the numbers up. We were disappointed last week and we want to show what we are and make a name for ourselves.
“I thought the big players really stood up and came up with fantastic execution at the end.”
Why does anyone, anywhere, still tweet?
In a span of seconds, Roseanne Barr blew up her life this week, rage-tweeting racist and bigoted commentary.
Just one day later, the Philadelphia 76ers announced they were investigating their team president and general manager Bryan Colangelo amid allegations he operated five secret Twitter accounts to gossip about and gaslight his own players.
In April, leading NFL prospect Josh Allen's entire future was imperiled hours before the draft when racist tweets he'd posted in high school resurfaced. (After hasty damage control, the Buffalo Bills picked Allen.)
If Instagram is the platform for presenting your fake enviable life and Facebook the hub of virtual friendship, Twitter is the repository of the id — the childish, brutal, needy, raw, unmediated id. It somehow brings out the worst of human nature, yet celebrities, athletes, politicians and journalists still use it.
People who already have public platforms somehow do not find this enough, somehow convinced by Twitter that every thought they have must be so brilliant, so original, it must be shared with the world.
It's usually not. Just ask Kanye, or his alter-ego Donald Trump.
“I was hacked,” said Anthony Weiner in 2011, denying — before admitting — that he'd tweeted a lewd photo of himself to a 21-year-old college student.
Weiner is now in federal prison for sexting with a 15-year-old girl.
“When a friend found [those posts] in December and sent them to me, I was stunned,” said MSNBC host Joy Reid in April, after homophobic statements on her Twitter feed surfaced. “Frankly, I couldn't imagine where they'd come from or whose voice that was.”
Sure.
It tells you something when Silicon Valley execs stay off the social media platforms they've engineered to manipulate and addict the rest of us. Steve Jobs famously limited screen time for his own children. Evan Williams, co-founder of Twitter, has denied his kids iPads in favor of books. Bill Gates limited screen time for his children and didn't allow them cell phones until they turned 14.
Twitter itself is only 12 years old. We haven't even begun to understand the ways in which it's changing us individually, politically, socially, morally, neurologically. That even the wealthy and powerful can be decimated by one digital utterance should alarm us all.
A 2012 study at Chicago University's Booth Business School found that Twitter is more addictive than cigarettes, alcohol or caffeine. Participants reported the greatest “self-control failure rates” when it came to checking or posting tweets. In 2014, a study by market research company Neuro Insight found that Twitter users reported that they felt a high degree of “personal relevance” when tweeting — 51 percent, higher than with other social media platforms.
When ABC announced the “Roseanne” reboot in January, Barr herself said she couldn't be trusted with her own Twitter account and that she'd turned it over to her adult children.
“I didn't want it to overshadow the show,” she said.
Now Barr has lost millions of dollars: Her critically-acclaimed reboot canceled, re-runs dropped everywhere. Barr is a pariah, someone even Charlie Sheen feels comfortable criticizing — where else? — on Twitter.
“I apologize,” Barr tweeted at 7:28 am on May 29. “I am now leaving Twitter.”
Later that day, she was right back, blaming Ambien. That wasn't the drug to blame.
Hall of Famer turned MLB Network analyst Pedro Martinez will appear in Monday night's episode of Diesel Brothers on Discovery Channel. In the baseball-themed episode, which also features its titular truck customizers building a truck for Miguel Cabrera's charity, Martinez puts on cowboy boots and strikes out Heavy D — one of the Diesel Brothers, but, sadly, not the late rapper:
Martinez took it pretty easy on Heavy D, and it's a little disappointing he didn't at least brush him back. But Pedro Martinez can and should do as he pleases, for Pedro Martinez once did this:
How old do you think Pedro Martinez would have to be before you could make good contact off him? He's 45 now, and I'm going to say he could strike me out on the regular until he's at least 60. And then after he's 60, I'll probably be too old to try to make contact off even old-man Pedro Martinez. Sad.
Along with Weinstein's statement, Racster said in a statement: "The LGBTQ community faces so much discrimination and harassment on a daily basis. Since its inception Outfest has stood for the dignity of each human being. Our programs — both on the screen and behind it — are about creating the change we want to see in the world where everyone is treated fairly, respectfully, and equally under the law. "
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
RIYADH: In keeping with the Vision 2030 and the National Transformation Program (NTP) 2020, several water-related projects costing SR4.9 billion ($1.3 billion) were launched at a special sahoor party hosted by the Ministry of Water, Environment, and Agriculture at a hotel in Riyadh on Tuesday.
Minister of Environment, Water and Agriculture Abdulrahman Al-Fadli said the 116 projects are aimed at supplying more drinking water and providing better sanitation services across the Kingdom.
These projects include purification and pumping stations, as well as the expansion and upgrading of treatment plants and implementation and completion of projects and household connections, lines for the transfer of drinking water and sewage facilities.
Additional water tanks will be set up in places such as Asir, Madinah, Najran, Tabuk, Riyadh, Qassim, Al-Jouf, the northern borders, Hail and Jazan.
Al-Fadli said his ministry is keen to improve and expand the areas covered by water and sanitation services in all regions of the Kingdom to keep pace with increasing demand.
The minister said these projects have been prioritized depending on the needs of the respective regions.
Mohammed bin Mukli, undersecretary of the Ministry of Environment, Water and Agriculture for water services, and CEO of the National Water Co., said SR2.2 billion have been allocated for wastewater projects that would lay 1,400 km pipelines.
The cost of projects in the sector of water services from pumping stations and water purification, and the establishment of reservoirs and transmission lines, amounts to about SR2.7 billion, he said.
The capacity of the water plants is about 371,000 cubic meters, and the capacity of the water tanks is about 497,000 cubic meters. The total length of networks and lines of water transfer projects will be increased by 1,900 km, providing 37,500 water connections.
Mukli said 30 projects would be inaugurated in the Riyadh region at a cost of SR1 billion, while the share of the Makkah area for 13 projects would cost SR994 million. Asir region has six projects for water supply at a cost of SR464 million, and Hail at a cost of SR280 million.
Jazan has been provided with eight projects at a cost of over SR299 million, Al-Baha will have two projects at a cost of nearly SR41 million, and Najran at a total cost of nearly SR93 million. In the Eastern Province, 12 projects worth SR469 million were launched.
Al-Jouf will have six new projects worth SR466 million, the northern border will have eight projects costing SR215 million, and Qassim will have 11 projects at a total cost of SR438 million.
He described this package of projects as the largest launched this year.
“We are actively seeking to address all shortcomings in the water services sector by delivering timely projects, preventive maintenance, upgrading customer service centers, improving treatment plants, increasing efficiency and capacity, while achieving environmental sustainability and upgrading the environmental services provided to citizens,” he concluded.
RIYADH: In keeping with the Vision 2030 and the National Transformation Program (NTP) 2020, several water-related projects costing SR4.9 billion ($1.3 billion) were launched at a special sahoor party hosted by the Ministry of Water, Environment, and Agriculture at a hotel in Riyadh on Tuesday.
Minister of Environment, Water and Agriculture Abdulrahman Al-Fadli said the 116 projects are aimed at supplying more drinking water and providing better sanitation services across the Kingdom.
These projects include purification and pumping stations, as well as the expansion and upgrading of treatment plants and implementation and completion of projects and household connections, lines for the transfer of drinking water and sewage facilities.
Additional water tanks will be set up in places such as Asir, Madinah, Najran, Tabuk, Riyadh, Qassim, Al-Jouf, the northern borders, Hail and Jazan.
Al-Fadli said his ministry is keen to improve and expand the areas covered by water and sanitation services in all regions of the Kingdom to keep pace with increasing demand.
The minister said these projects have been prioritized depending on the needs of the respective regions.
Mohammed bin Mukli, undersecretary of the Ministry of Environment, Water and Agriculture for water services, and CEO of the National Water Co., said SR2.2 billion have been allocated for wastewater projects that would lay 1,400 km pipelines.
The cost of projects in the sector of water services from pumping stations and water purification, and the establishment of reservoirs and transmission lines, amounts to about SR2.7 billion, he said.
The capacity of the water plants is about 371,000 cubic meters, and the capacity of the water tanks is about 497,000 cubic meters. The total length of networks and lines of water transfer projects will be increased by 1,900 km, providing 37,500 water connections.
Mukli said 30 projects would be inaugurated in the Riyadh region at a cost of SR1 billion, while the share of the Makkah area for 13 projects would cost SR994 million. Asir region has six projects for water supply at a cost of SR464 million, and Hail at a cost of SR280 million.
Jazan has been provided with eight projects at a cost of over SR299 million, Al-Baha will have two projects at a cost of nearly SR41 million, and Najran at a total cost of nearly SR93 million. In the Eastern Province, 12 projects worth SR469 million were launched.
Al-Jouf will have six new projects worth SR466 million, the northern border will have eight projects costing SR215 million, and Qassim will have 11 projects at a total cost of SR438 million.
He described this package of projects as the largest launched this year.
“We are actively seeking to address all shortcomings in the water services sector by delivering timely projects, preventive maintenance, upgrading customer service centers, improving treatment plants, increasing efficiency and capacity, while achieving environmental sustainability and upgrading the environmental services provided to citizens,” he concluded.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with his former hairdresser. Greitens said his resignation would take effect Friday. The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP Julie Smith
Time Inc., America's largest magazine publisher and owner of iconic titles such as Sports Illustrated, People, and Time, just axed 300 employees in a bid to grow its digital properties amid a massive corporate restructure and a decline in print revenue.
CEO Rich Battista announced in a memo to employees on Tuesday that the New York-based company had taken the “difficult but necessary step” to eliminate 300 staffers through layoffs or buyouts.
Candidate Donald Trump signs a magazine with his picture on it at a campaign rally in Raleigh, North Carolina, July 2016. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
“Time Inc. is a company in rapid transformation in an industry undergoing dynamic change,” Battista wrote in his note to staff, obtained by NBC News. "Transformations do take time and patience, but I am encouraged by the demonstrable progress we are making as we implement our strategy in key growth areas, such as video, native advertising and brand extensions, and as we see positive signs of stabilizing our print business, which remains an important part of our company."
The cuts come after the media behemoth rebuffed buyout offers from Iowa-based publishing powerhouse Meredith, and an investor group headed up by Edgar Bronfman Jr.
“We're re-engineering our entire cost structure,” Battista told the Wall Street Journal after the announcement. “This isn't only about cutting employees.”
The company has been struggling to head off a decline in subscribers and print advertisers, and had laid off 500 workers in 2014, followed by some 100 employees in late 2016. Consulting firm McKinsey & Co. was brought in earlier this year to assist with restructuring.
Novak Djokovic says he has undergone "a small medical intervention" on his elbow as the former world number one attempts to recover from a long-term injury.
Having been forced to withdraw from the quarter-finals of Wimbledon in July, Djokovic ended his 2017 season prematurely in the hope an extended period of rest and rehabilitation would lead to a full recovery.
However, the Serbian continued to be troubled by the issue upon his return to competitive action this year, the 12-time grand slam singles champion losing to Hyeon Chung in straight sets in the fourth round of the Australian Open last month.
And the 30-year-old now appears to have accepted the need for surgical intervention, although he has not offered a timescale for his likely return to action.
That was an incredible performance #Chung! Keep up great work. You've got this! 👏 #AusOpen pic.twitter.com/GjCwmnhXOd — Novak Djokovic (@DjokerNole) January 22, 2018
Writing in a post on his Instagram account, Djokovic said:
"Hey guys, I owe you some news about my recovery. I've been carrying this injury for the past two years, and during this time I've been seeing many doctors. Truth be told, there were many different opinions, different diagnoses, different suggestions... It was not easy for me to choose which way to go and what to do. I took six months off last season hoping to come back fully recovered, but unfortunately I still felt pain. I really missed competing, it's in my blood and I had to give it a try on AO. Anyhow, I agreed with my team that I would try different methods after I finish in Australia and a few days ago I accepted to do a small medical intervention on my elbow. It seems like I am on the good road now to full recovery. It's quite a journey this one, I have to say. I'm learning a lot and for that I'm grateful. I've always taken care of my body and looked for the most natural ways to heal, and my body has rewarded me with some incredible years on tour. I am super positive and excited to follow my recovery through so I can come back to the place I love the most. The court. I'll keep you posted and thanks for cheering me on!"
Like Djokovic, Andy Murray had already opted for an operation to treat a hip problem after a lengthy break in the second half of last season failed to produce the desired results and prevented him from competing in the Australian Open.
And world number one Rafael Nadal has also found himself on the treatment table of late.
The Spaniard battled a knee problem late in 2017 and is now sidelined again after suffering a leg injury at Melbourne Park, where, in the absence of his chief rivals, Swiss veteran Roger Federer defeated Marin Cilic in the final to retain his crown at the age of 36.
PYEONGCHANG, South Korea — The Olympic doping bans of 28 Russian athletes were overturned by sport's highest tribunal Thursday while their results from the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi were reinstated.
The decision throws the International Olympic Committee's policy on Russian doping into turmoil.
Russian athletes during the opening ceremony of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. Mark Humphrey / AP file
The Court of Arbitration for Sport ruled that evidence was "insufficient" that the 28 — including several medalists — had broken anti-doping rules om Sochi.
The athletes who had their bans lifted could now seek late entry into the PyeongChang Games, which open Feb. 9.
Eleven more were ruled to have been guilty of doping, but had lifetime bans cut to a ban from the PyeongChang Games alone.
CAS said it "unanimously found that the evidence put forward by the IOC in relation to this matter did not have the same weight in each individual case. In 28 cases, the evidence collected was found to be insufficient to establish that an anti-doping rule violation was committed by the athletes concerned."
The IOC banned Russia from next month's PyeongChang Winter Games as a result of its "unprecedented systematic manipulation" of the anti-doping system.
The IOC invited 169 Russians to compete under a neutral flag, but may now be forced to allow in athletes it deems dopers, eight days before the Games begin.
“ They were wrongly sanctioned without any evidence.”
It wasn't immediately clear how many of the 28 Russians would now seek to compete. Some have already retired from competitive sports.
Those reinstated at the Sochi Olympics include skeleton gold medalist Alexander Tretiakov and cross-country ski gold medalist Alexander Legkov. Russia won't win back some medals, such as in the men's 4-man bobsled, where two crew members were disqualified and two reinstated. Both of the gold medal-winning two-man bobsled crew remain banned.
"It's a big victory for them and I'm relieved that justice has finally been done," said Philippe Baertsch, a lawyer for the athletes, told the Associated Press, said of the 28 who were cleared. "This confirms what they've been saying since day one, namely that they are and they've always been clean athletes, and that they were wrongly sanctioned without any evidence."
Seven Russian medals from the 2014 Sochi Olympics were reinstated, including gold in men's skeleton and men's 50-kilometer cross-country skiing.
The IOC last year banned 43 Russians over doping offenses at the Sochi Olympics.
The Russian director of the laboratory which handled samples for the Sochi Games, Grigory Rodchenkov, said he gave cocktails of banned steroids to athletes and swapped tainted samples for clean urine on orders from Russian state sports officials.
The Russian government vehemently denies ever supporting doping.
Three more appeals, all involving retired biathlon competitors, will be heard later.
