The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the winter that can't let go.
Even though the first day of Spring is on Wednesday, we may not have seen the last of snow in Gloucestershire.
After the Beast from the East 2 blanketed Gloucestershire in the white stuff on Sunday, there is more forecast at the end of the month - right over the Easter weekend.
The first flurries could appear actually appear late on Thursday, March 29 and then continue from Good Friday into Saturday morning.
Easter Sunday itself seems, at the moment, to escape fresh snow fall, but it's a brief respite as more snow is expected on the Bank Holiday Monday.
It is, however, unlikely this third batch of March snowfall will be as bad as what fell on Sunday which caused widespread disruption in a sequel to the original Beast from the East at the start of the month.
Before Easter, more cold weather is expected although daytime temperatures should rise into double digits.
However, according to The Weather Channel, some forecasters are suggesting a bitter blast of Arctic air could hit Britain in the build up to Easter.
This could allow icy, cold winds to plunge across the UK with the chance of further snow falls bringing a White Easter in some areas.
Before then, there is another Met Office warning for ice in Gloucestershire tomorrow (Tuesday) morning until 9am.
(Image: Met Office)
The warning reads: "Ice is likely to form on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths.
Met Office's chief forecaster on the ice warning After a clear start in many areas with the temperature falling below freezing through Monday evening, it will turn cloudier from the north, with the possibility of some wintry showers in places.
The temperature may come back above freezing in some places for a time, but will fall below again where the cloud breaks.
Therefore, ice is likely to form where untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths are left wet after snow melts during the day, or partly melted snow refreezes, and where wintry showers occur overnight.
This increases the risk of accidents, as well as injuries from slips and falls."
(Adds data)
MEXICO CITY, April 6 Mexico's auto production rose 36.2 percent in March compared with the same month last year, while exports were up 32.7 percent in the same period, the Mexican Auto Industry Association (AMIA) said on Thursday.
The country produced a record 363,687 units during the latest month and exported 297,571, AMIA said.
Exports to the United States, Mexico's top trading partner, jumped nearly 40 percent to total 225,741 units.
The U.S. market received nearly three-quarters of Mexico's car exports.
Meanwhile, exports to Canada were down about 1 percent. (Reporting by Sharay Angulo Editing by W Simon)
A certified prosthetist is helping St. Lucia leverage the benefits of new limb technology.
Owner of Indiana prosthetic center Jim Dewees decided to provide his expertise to those in need after an accident left him an amputee.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
PINE BLUFF, Ark. — Martaveous McKnight scored 30 points, grabbed 10 rebounds and dished out 10 assists as Arkansas-Pine Bluff rolled to an 80-62 win over Alabama A&M on Saturday night.
McKnight was 12 of 17 from the field including three from distance for the Golden Lions (9-15, 9-1 Southwestern Athletic Conference) who lead the conference by two games over Grambling State. Trent Steen added 12 points and Terrance Banyard chipped in 10.
The team shot 53 per cent from the field compared to 37 per cent for Alabama A&M which took 22 shots from beyond the arc, making four of them.
The Golden Lions scored first and led all the way to an 11-point advantage before leading 37-28 at intermission.
© Photo: Pixabay Russia Takes Part in First INF Treaty Commission Meeting Since 2003
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — On Tuesday, US media reported citing sources in the US administration that Russia allegedly deployed ground-based nuclear cruise missiles in violation of the 1987 INF Treaty.
The allegations were supported by the Pentagon and US Senator John McCain called on the Trump administration to respond to the reported violations.
The treaty prohibits the development, deployment or testing of ground-launched ballistic or cruise missiles with ranges between 300 and 3,400 miles. It was implemented by 1991 with inspections carrying on until 2001.
"The leaks in media is just a continuation of information warfare against Russia and against people in the new US administration, supporting the normalization of relations with Russia… The aim [of the accusations] is to prevent the new president from… [significant moves] aimed at revision of the US transatlantic policy focused on establishment of the unilateral model of the world," Kosachev said.
The United States has previously accused Russia of violating the INF Treaty. Russia has rejected the accusations, and said that the United States deploying its Europe-based missile defense system violates the treaty.
VARMLAND, Sweden — A rare white moose captured on film in Sweden has people around the world mesmerized.
Rare white moose spotted in Sweden pic.twitter.com/jwPayHmzmC — BBC News (World) (@BBCWorld) August 13, 2017
According to the BBC, there are only about 100 of the white moose in the country.
“The moose aren't albino, but grow white fur from a genetic mutation,” the BBC reported.
Albino animals are pure white with pink or red eyes.
People on Twitter said it looked like a creature out of a mythical tale like “Game of Thrones” or “Lord of the Rings.”
“The Night King spotted on his way to Vasteras in central Sweden. Winter is here,” Sebastian Larsson wrote.
It's so majestic and big! I can see Gandalf the White or Galadrial from LOTR riding it. It must've been adorable as a baby moose😍😍😍 https://t.co/SIekb9Gij8 — Moe Irwin (@Moe_Irwin) August 13, 2017
“It's the deer god from Princess Mononoke,” another person commented.
With all the craziness we have in the world right now, it's a nice reminder that there are still things calm and majestic. https://t.co/FsOA4XTJ6M — Christina Mullins (@HRBabe) August 13, 2017
It's not known whether the twin white calves are albino or piebald moose, which are white with a few small brown specks.
Authorities canceled an Amber Alert for a 10-month-old Paterson boy who they said was abducted after his father kicked in the front door of the child's mother's home, punched her in the face and fled with the youngster Wednesday morning.
The boy was safe with his grandmother after police convinced 30-year-old George Berry to leave the child with her following the 7 a.m. incident, Police Director Jerry Speziale said.
Berry, who has a criminal history, was in custody. No charges were immediately disclosed.
Berry violated a restraining order when he barged into the mother's home, assaulted her and fled with the boy in a silver Chrysler Town and Country that police later recovered in the city, Speziale said.
Exactly a year ago to the day, Berry was arrested on drug charges in the city. He was released from the Passaic County Jail a month later, records show.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
American Electric Power Ohio is reporting power outages after a storm rolled through the area between 5:30 p.m. and 6 p.m.
Fifty AEP customers are reported to be without power in the Benton Ridge area, and 153 customers are without electricity in the Leipsic area, AEP says.
In Fostoria, 12 customers are reported to be without power, but north of Fostoria, 309 customers have lost electricity.
Hancock-Wood Electric Cooperative is not reporting any outages as of 6:50 p.m.
Comments
comments
× Stray bullet hits Texas legislator in the head at New Year's celebration
WESLACO, Texas — A Texas lawmaker is lucky to be alive after a stray bullet hit his head during a New Year's celebration early Sunday, authorities said.
State Rep. Armando “Mando” Martinez said his wife had just given him a kiss shortly after ringing in the new year with family and friends, and the next thing he knew, “it felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head.”
A bullet fragment had just punctured the top of the south Texas legislator's head.
Martinez said he had just stepped outside a home in a rural neighborhood north of Weslaco when he was hit.
Martinez, 40, was transferred to the neurosurgical unit at Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen, where surgeons removed the bullet fragment. The fragment had penetrated his skull and lodged itself into the dura mater, the top layer of the brain, doctors told Martinez.
The fragment appears to be from a .223 caliber round, said Martinez, who spoke to CNN by phone on Sunday while recovering at the hospital.
“Had it gone any further, I don't think we would be having this conversation,” Martinez said.
Hidalgo County Sheriff Eddie Guerra said Martinez's survival was nothing short of a miracle.
The sheriff's office is investigating the shooting and investigators “have reason to believe that (Martinez) was hit by a stray bullet,” county sheriff's office spokesman JP Rodriguez said.
“There is no evidence to indicate he was targeted,” Rodriguez said.
“It was a miracle last night. I was given another chance at life and I'm grateful for it,” Martinez said.
Martinez was elected to a seventh term in November and scheduled to take the oath of office January 10.
Following President Donald Trump's failure to condemn white supremacy after violence broke out at a rally in Charlottesville, Va. Saturday, the city's mayor joined the chorus of Republican and Democratic politicians alike criticizing the President for not taking a harder stance against racism and white supremacists groups following the attack.
“Look I think a lot of this speaks for itself. We saw the campaign they ran, we saw the folks they surround themselves with, we saw with David Duke, people like that, say about the President. I'm kind of finished talking about the President,” Mayor Michael Signer (D) said, appearing on “Morning Joe” Monday. “The nation is speaking with one voice about what they saw here and what needs to happen next.”
He said he hopes his city will become “synonymous” with the move to “at long last turning the page on this horrific chapter in American politics where bigots and the fringe of the fringe were invited to the mainstream out from the shadows where they belong. That, I think, just came to an end this weekend,” he said.
The mayor's comments follow remarks he made over the weekend, accusing Trump of “courting” white supremacists after Trump initially failed to condemn the fringe group for the attack at a rally where a self-proclaimed white supremacist drove his car into a crowd of counter protestors, leaving three dead and dozens injured.
Signer called the attack “modern day domestic terrorism” and said the issues that arise as southern cities work to change the confederacy narrative in their communities are “extremely complicated.”
“Anybody trying to reduce them to a tweet, to something that will fit into 140 characters just doesn't fit into the debate,” he said.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is looking for a cryptographic alternative to Twitter as the service as images he posted were censored as possibly containing sensitive material.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said Friday he was looking for an alternative to Twitter, adding that the social network's policy on freedom of expression was becoming increasingly restrictive.
Twitter's media policy currently states that the user's settings may be changed to "Mark media you Tweet as containing material that may be sensitive," if one of their Tweets was reported as sensitive. However, it says that the user should receive an email notifying them about the change.
The company may change the settings permanently in case of repeat cases of mislabeling.
I am looking for a decentralized / cryptographic alternative to Twitter. Twitter's freedom of expression has been on an inexorable decline. It is enslaved to its US jurisdiction and politics. Although it is substantially better than Facebook that is a very low standard indeed. — Julian Assange 🔹 (@JulianAssange) 6 октября 2017 г.
​Earlier in the day, Assange questioned why all images he posted on the social network were censored as possibly containing sensitive material. Assange then posted a screenshot of his Twitter settings where the preference for marking all media as containing sensitive information was ticked.
That's what is seen from a browser that isn't logged in.
Twitter added this to my account without my authorization ("Mark media you tweet as containing sensitive information"). pic.twitter.com/P7gLR89Et5 — Julian Assange 🔹 (@JulianAssange) 6 октября 2017 г.
​According to the Twitter policy, users may not use graphic content, defined as "media containing pornography or excessive violence" in live videos, in a profile image or a header image.
Researchers from several institutions, including, UCLA, Boston University, Stanford University and the Institute for Aging Research at Hebrew SeniorLife, analyzed blood samples from nearly 10,000 people to find that genetic markers in the gene responsible for keeping telomeres (tips of chromosomes) youthfully longer, did not translate into a younger biologic age as measured by changes in proteins coating the DNA. This study was recently published in the journal Nature Communications.
DNA methylation age is a biomarker of chronological age and predicts lifespan, but its underlying molecular mechanisms are unknown. In this genome-wide association study, researchers found gene variants mapping to five loci associated with intrinsic epigenetic age acceleration (IEAA) and gene variants in three loci associated with extrinsic epigenetic age acceleration. Variants in the gene called Telomerase Reverse Transcriptase (TERT) on chromosome 5 that were associated with older IEAA were also associated with longer telomeres indicating a critical role for TERT in regulating the epigenetic clock, in addition to its established role of compensating for cell replication-dependent telomere shortening.
Co-author Douglas P. Kiel, M.D., M.P.H, Director, Musculoskeletal Research Center and Senior Scientist at Hebrew SeniorLife's Institute for Aging Research said, "We calculated the epigenetic aging rate for each person using a previously described epigenetic clock method. Next, we related the epigenetic aging rate to millions of genetic locations (SNPs) across all of the chromosomes. Then we studied the SNPs that had very significant associations with epigenetic aging rates. To our surprise, one of these locations was the TERT locus. The finding is surprising because this was not a study of telomere length. TERT is a subunit of the enzyme telomerase, which is a widely known enzyme because it has been touted as an anti-aging enzyme. It has been called a modern fountain of youth. However, some scientists have pointed out that it is unlikely to become a source of anti-aging therapies. Our study highlights the error in the notion that activation of telomerase (as advocated by some) will cure aging. Instead, our study shows that an anti-aging therapy based on telomerase expression would be accompanied by continued aging."
###
About Institute for Aging Research
Scientists at the Institute for Aging Research seek to transform the human experience of aging by conducting research that will ensure a life of health, dignity and productivity into advanced age. The Institute carries out rigorous studies that discover the mechanisms of age-related disease and disability; lead to the prevention, treatment and cure of disease; advance the standard of care for older people; and inform public decision-making. The Musculoskeletal Center within IFAR studies conditions affecting bone, muscle, and joint health with aging.
About Hebrew SeniorLife
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Forest Green Rovers have bolstered their midfield with the signing of Lloyd James from fellow League Two side Exeter Cities for an undisclosed fee.
The 30-year-old has signed a two-year deal at The New Lawn having lined up against his new side four times last season with Exeter.
Combative midfielder James brings experience with him, with more than 300 league appearances under his belt.
He played 50 games for the Grecians in all competitions last term as they made the play-off final for a second year running.
James was a pivotal player in the heart of Paul Tisdale's midfield and hopes his experience will prove key in continuing Forest Green on their upwards trajectory.
James said: “The vision of the club is the thing that attracted me to Forest Green.
“I've seen it just growing and having spoken to the manager who has shown interest in me, it looks like a club on the up.
“I like to get on the ball and try to get the team ticking. I also have a lot of experience, getting to the play-off final twice in two seasons and I hope to be a good character around the place and help the younger lads out.
“We're looking to do as well as we can and with the additions the manager has made, I think we will be a very good side next year and hopefully we can push on up into the play-offs.”
Rover boss Mark Cooper said: “It's been no secret that we've been after an experienced midfield player.
“Lloyd has played in the play-off final for the last two years and knows what the league is about and has played a lot of senior football at a really good level in good teams.
“He can sit in there and break things up but he is a really good and intelligent footballer as well.
“The deeper midfield player in our team is one that requires that little bit of know-how, somebody who can sit there and let the others get forward and give us that security.
“I tried to sign him when I first came to the club but we're pleased to finally get him.”
James came through Southampton's academy, appearing in the same side that featured fellow summer signing Joseph Mills as they lifted the Johnstone's Paint Trophy in 2010.
He moved to Colchester United in 2010 where he made more than 50 appearances before joining Crawley on loan.
Prior to his move to Exeter in the summer of 2016, James spent four years at Leyton Orient where he scored 11 goals from midfield.
Alden Ehrenreich is Han Solo in "Solo: A Star Wars Story." Jonathan Olley Lucasfilm Ltd.
Former Cirencester Town forward Ross Langworthy has enjoyed a memorable season in New Zealand football.
He ended the campaign with 29 goals in 26 games for Auckland-based club North Shore United, picking up both the top scorer and coach's player of the year awards.
He was also the second most deadly marksman in all three Northern Regional Football League divisions, behind former Welsh Premier League striker Marc Evans.
“We had a very successful season and obtained a points total that would usually see us promoted,” Langworthy said.
“We also had a very good run in the Chatham Cup, which gave us the chance to test ourselves against one of the best teams in the country.
“The club have also made me feel extremely welcome and have been so good with me helping me settle in to a new country.
“I'd like to thank everybody involved with the club, from players and coaches to backroom staff, the fans and the board, for making myself season out here better than I could ever have wished for.”
After playing non-stop since July 2016 due to the way the English and New Zealand seasons lined up, Langworthy is now taking a break from playing for a couple of months.
He will travel around New Zealand and Australia before returning to the UK in December or January.
“I've absolutely loved my time in New Zealand, both on and off the field within my work at Kristin School, and have met and worked with some very good players and coaches,” he said.
“However, I feel that for a number of reasons it's time for me to head back to the UK once I've had a little bit of time off to explore this part of the world.
“I always planned to come here for one season, but the people I've met and the environment I've been lucky enough to enjoy have made the decision to come home more difficult and I'll be leaving with a heavy heart.”
After returning home, Langworthy will be looking to sign for an English club and continue his career.
“I will look to keep my fitness levels high so that I can be fresh and ready to play the second part of the season back home,” he said.
“I feel I have learned a lot about my game and improved since I've been out here and I'd like to come home and go somewhere that I can challenge myself again.”
“I've learned a lot from Speersy (Tom Speers) throughout the season and I have a lot to thank him for.
“He has given me a lot of confidence to go out and express myself on the pitch and has given me consistent game time in the position I feel most effective, something I often struggled for at home."
You better watch out!
Bebe Rexha is on fiyah. The bombshell singer expressed on Twitter how the cast of RuPaul's Drag Race Season 10 totally blew her off because she wasn't wearing any make-up. EEK!
The winner of season 10, Aquaria responded to her quickly that it was huuuuuge mistake.
Either way, how rude!
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. - A man seriously injured in a fiery crash on Interstate 435 in Overland Park has died, nearly a month after the crash.
Willie “Darryl” Wilson died on Saturday morning, according to the Overland Park Police Department.
The 54-year-old Kansas City man was listed in critical condition at Research Medical Center.
Brad Shaw, the attorney for the family, said in a statement to 41 Action News: "The family appreciates the concern and prayers. His injuries were devastating and catastrophic, and there was nothing else to be done. He just couldn't survive it.”
The crash took place on July 17. A tractor-trailer, tow truck and three cars were involved in the accident that caused the fire and shut down the highway, officials said.
Overland Park Fire Department said another person suffered minor injuries. Three others were also involved but were not injured.
Previous coverage:
At least 2 people injured in traffic accident that caused fire in Overland Park
Lenexa trucking company in fiery I-435 crash has dozens of violations, feds say
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Syrian President Bashar Assad told the RT broadcaster that he was indifferent to his US counterpart Donald Trump calling him an "animal," as the opinion of the US leader does not matter to him.
In his latest interview with Russia Today, Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad stated that he does not have any nickname for US President Donald Trump, despite the latter had called him an "animal" last month.
"This is not my language, so I cannot use similar language. This is his language; it represents him," Assad emphasized.
The Syrian president has further explained his point, saying that the "Trump's language" does not change anything for him personally.
"That is the kind of language that Trump uses, and it allows people to form their opinion of him… This [the name-calling] did not change anything… You listen to someone you trust, to sensible, level-headed people who adhere to moral and ethical principles. Their words might have an influence. But the opinion of people like Trump does not matter to me," Assad said in an interview with RT, as aired in a teaser on Wednesday.
My question: Trump calls you “animal-Assad”. Do you have a nickname for Trump?
Assad: I don't make a habit of stooping down to the level of calling other people names. pic.twitter.com/0rDGmXYwCT — Murad Gazdiev (@MuradGazdiev) May 30, 2018
Assad was commenting on Trump's tweet dating back to April, in which the US president blamed him for the alleged use of chemical weapons on civilians. Damascus has strongly denied the allegations.
Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army, making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin, Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price… — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 8, 2018
Speaking to the RT broadcaster, the Syrian president has once again outlined his government's position on the ongoing armed conflict in Syria, including allowing militants' safe passage to Idlib, the escalated standoff with Israel over Golan Heights and the presence of US forces in the north amid Russia's calls for withdrawal.
READ MORE: Netanyahu: We'll Strike at Iran Anywhere in Syria
Screenshot of Mike Rowe, left, and Adahlia Nix on the show "Returning the Favor." Facebook
Share. Out in 2 Days - 20% off Arms (Switch), PSN, Nintendo eShop, and Xbox Live E3 Sales, Mad Max Black Chrome Bluray for $10, 20% off Prime Eligible E3 Preorders Out in 2 Days - 20% off Arms (Switch), PSN, Nintendo eShop, and Xbox Live E3 Sales, Mad Max Black Chrome Bluray for $10, 20% off Prime Eligible E3 Preorders
Welcome to IGN's Daily Deals, your source for the best deals on the stuff you actually want to buy. If you buy something through this post, IGN may get a share of the sale. For more, read our Terms of Use.
Want IGN Deals in your social feeds? Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter. Want deals in your inbox? Sign up for the IGN Deals Newsletter.
Today's Best Deals
If you're looking for fast-moving items such as the Switch, NES Classic, or video game collector's editions, follow me at IGN Deals. I update that page immediately when hot items come in stock.
-----------------------------
Use the gift card to buy a PS4 Pro, Slim, Xbox One S, or anything else.
-----------------------------
-----------------------------
Dell AMD Ryzen 5 Radeon RX 560 Gaming Desktop PC for $650
Specs include an AMD Ryzen 5 1400 quad-core processor, 8GB RAM, 1TB HDD, built-in WiFi, and AMD Radeon RX 560 discrete graphics.
-----------------------------
-----------------------------
Use the gift card to buy a PS4 Pro, Slim, Xbox One S, or anything else.
-----------------------------
A List of the Hottest 20% off Prime Eligible E3-Announced Games
All prices below are AFTER 20% off discount applied with Amazon Prime. Note that you can also get the same 20% off discount at Best Buy if you have a GCU membership.
Only adding items that are available for preorder and eligible for 20% off.
-----------------------------
-----------------------------
-----------------------------
-----------------------------
Choose from six different colors. Best price this year!
-----------------------------
Already?? Logan (Blu-ray) down to $12
-----------------------------
Rated 9.2/10 at IGN and 97% on Rotten Tomatoes. The Black & Chrome Blu-ray is a remastered b&w version of the film.
-----------------------------
The price drop is a manufacturer's discount that's reflected at other vendors as well. This is the lowest price I've seen for one of the best PC speaker setups under $200. I have a pair myself and highly recommend them.
-----------------------------
Playable Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time Replica for $11.16
950 reviews on Amazon with 86% average rating. This handcrafted ocarina is a high-quality, kiln-fired ceramic instrument tuned by professional.
Use code "BWSECJQO" to get it for $11.16
-----------------------------
Allows your non-Bluetooth equipped car to stream music wirelessly from your smartphone and take phone calls hands-free. You'll need an available aux-input and USB port in your car.
-----------------------------
Cowin E-7 Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones for $39.19
Normally sells for $70. Features 40mm large aperture drivers, wireless Bluetooth connectivity, active (not passive) noise cancellation, 30hrs of battery life, and foldable earcups for portability.
Use code "K8WP23JH" to get these Headphones from Amazon for $39
-----------------------------
The 30-day free trial is an ongoing offer, but the 2 free audibooks is only for a limited time. Since there are absolutely no strings attached, and audiobooks are AWESOME when you're stuck in traffic, this is a no brainer deal.
Fine print says this is for new members only, but I've signed up for trials several times in the past and this deal worked for me.
-----------------------------
$10 Online Game Design and Development Courses at Udemy
Deal is back with new link. For only $10 per course, you can train yourself in tools, software, and programming languages specific to the gaming industry. I have used Udemy and definitely recommend it myself.
-----------------------------
Uncharted 4: A Thief's End (PS4 Digital) for $20
Rated 9/10 "Amazing" at IGN.
'-----------------------------
-----------------------------
Good Smile The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask Link Nendoroid for $28
Use code "SAVER" to get free shipping.. There are two swappable facial expressions (shouting and smiling). Wearable accessories include Kokiri Sword, Hero's Shield, Majora's Mask, Red Potion, Bunny Hood. Small key items include Deku Mask, Goron Mask and Zora Mask, and Tatl.
-----------------------------
Includes amiibo from Metroid, Mario Odyssey, Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Fire Emblem Warriors, and more
-----------------------------
Star Wars: Battlefront Ultimate (PC Digital) for $10
The Ultimate Edition is HIGHLY recommended, since it includes Scarif, Death Star (outer space), Cloud City, and Tatooine locations.
-----------------------------
Fallout 4 (PC Digital) for $15
Rated 9.5/10 "Amazing" at IGN.
-----------------------------
Playstation Store Best of E3 Sale - up to 70% off
Everyone saves up to 70% off, but PS Plus members get up to 80% off thanks to the PS Plus exclusive 10% off discount. Some examples are Ni No Kuni for $7 ($5 with PS Plus), Saint's Row 2 for $1.74 ($1.24 with PS Plus), and Injustice: Gods Among Us Ultimate Edition for $8 ($6 with PS Plus).
-----------------------------
Includes Nintendo 3DS, New Nintendo 3DS, and Wii U games. Some examples are Super Smash Bros ($28 for 3DS, $42 for Wii U) and The Legend of Zelda: Tri Force Heroes (3DS) for $28.
-----------------------------
Xbox Live Gold Exclusive Xbox One Game Deals
You'll need an Xbox Live Gold membership.
-----------------------------
Amazon's Discounted Video Games for E3
-----------------------------
Lowest price for a 12-Month Xbox Live Gold Membership is $46
If you "like" CDKeys on Facebook, you get an instant one-time-use 5% off coupon code that drops the price to $43.70.
-----------------------------
Lowest current price for a 12-Month PS Plus Membership is $50
We always recommend getting the 1-year subscription since the cost per month is lower than the 1-month or 3-month subs.
-----------------------------
Zinus Memory Foam Mattresses Sale on Amazon
Yet another price drop! This is one of the lowest prices we've seen for a 12" 100% foam mattress. In addition to giving you that super comfy float-like sleep, the foam material is hypoallergenic, dust-mite resistant, and anti-microbial.
-----------------------------
Great deal, considering the membership alone is normally $45.
-----------------------------
Sells for $300 from Bowflex. Each dumbbell adjusts from 5 to 52.5lbs.
-----------------------------
8lbs of Optimum Nutrition Whey Protein for $65 ($8/lb)
Use code "MAYWHEY8" to drop the price from $85 to $65 for 8lbs of Optimum Nutrition Whey Protein. Available in two yummy flavors - Double Rich Chocolate and Vanilla Ice Cream.
-----------------------------
Features a 15.6" 1080p TN panel display, the latest generation Intel Core i5-7300HQ quad-core processor, 8GB RAM, 1TB HDD, and GTX 1050 graphics.
Use code "TENOFF" to get it from Dell for $675
-----------------------------
PS4 Slim 500GB Uncharted Bundle is back down to $249
-----------------------------
Razer Ouroboros Elite Ambidextrous Wireless Gaming Mouse for $89
Features adjustable length, back-tilt and 2 different types of interchangeable side panels or customized ambidextrous ergonomics. Also boasts an 8200dpi 4G laser sensor, 1ms gaming grade wireless connectivity, and up to 12hr battery life on a single AA battery (or you can connect via USB cable and play while charging).
-----------------------------
These drives are compatible with both your Xbox One and PS4. We like portables because they are entirely USB powered - no AC adapter required.
20% off Upcoming and New Release Games with Amazon Prime or Best Buy GCU
-----------------------------
-----------------------------
The Best Deals on These Subscriptions
-----------------------------
This limited edition mystery crate features exclusive Stranger Things apparel, collectibles and more from Seasons 1 and 2. Because this crate contains Season 2-specific items, it won't ship until around the global premiere of Season 2 on Netflix (sometime in October).
-----------------------------
New July Humble Monthly PC Bundle (Dark Souls II & More) for $12
Dark Souls II currently sells for $40 on Steam. You get that game immediately to play, unlock more games on July 5, and get 10% off any other Humble purchase for the rest of the month.
-----------------------------
No two Loot boxes are the same, so the t-shirt you get with Loot Wear will be different from the t-shirt you may/may not get in this month's Loot Crate.
-----------------------------
June's Loot Crate theme is "Alter Ego" and includes authentic, licensed, or exclusive items from Marvel Spider-Man, Marvel, Transformers, and DC.
----------------------
NordVPN is rated among PCMag's top VPN services of 2017.
-----------------------------
If you are lucky enough to have Verizion FIOS (fiber optic high-speed internet) coverage, there is a really great deal going on for 1yr of Triple Play service - 940Mbps downstream/880Mbps upstream internet, phone, and TV for $79.99/mo. After your 1yr is up, downgrade to internet only for $70/mo.
Just as a comparison, Comcast Internet has up to 250Mbps downstream/12Mbps upstream with Blast... pretty huge difference.
-----------------------------
How About Two Months of Gamefly for $10?
Gamefly is normally $15 a month, but you right now you can get your first two months for only $10. Watch out for that auto-renew, as the third month will be $15, but you can always set a calendar reminder to cancel in time.
-----------------------------
Crunchyroll is Netflix for anime. Crunchyroll Premium gives you unlimited streaming access to brand-new anime, ad-free, as well as tons of classics like Re:Zero, One Piece, JoJo's Bizarre Adventure, Gintama, and Fate/Stay Night. A Crunchyroll Premium free trial is normal 15 days, but we can hook you up with a 30-day trial, so sign up before this offer gets deleted.
-----------------------------
udents get a Free 6-Month Trial AND 50% off Amazon Prime
You can be as happy as the woman in Amazon's promotional image with this half-off deal for students on Amazon Prime. Enjoy all the benefits of Prime, including movie and music streaming, free shipping, and more.
Share. What is dead may never die. What is dead may never die.
If you've been watching Netflix's Marvel series over the past few years, you know that the Hand has become one of the great, overarching threats in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. And that threat level is growing as Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage and Iron Fist join forces to battle this band of zombie ninja assassins in The Defenders.
So let's look at everything you need to know about the Hand's comic book origins and how they fit into the massive tapestry that is the Marvel Universe.
The Basics
The Marvel Universe is basically crawling with sinister organizations bent on gathering power, but few have wrought as much death and devastation as the Hand. This ancient, shadowy organization of ninja assassins has been working behind the scenes for centuries, growing its numbers and working its way through the Japanese underworld. Each member of the Hand is a formidable enemy in their own right, but the organization's ability to resurrect the dead and continuously replenish its ranks makes them a persistent threat to the superhero community.
The Hand has warred with a number of popular Marvel heroes, but they're most closely associated with the Daredevil and X-Men franchises. Daredevil in particular has made a career out of preventing the Hand from extending its grip into New York City, not always successfully. The Hand are also at constant war with the Chaste, a rival group of ninja led by DD's mentor Stick who are dedicated to ridding the world of their evil.
Powers and Abilities
Most members of the Hand are trained in the art of ninjitsu, making them formidable warriors who specialize in assassination and subterfuge. Some of the higher-ranking members of the organization, including The Gorgon, Lady Bullseye and (occasionally) Elektra, rank among the most skilled fighters in the Marvel Universe.
Every Character in The Defenders 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 18 Here's every major character confirmed so far for Marvel's The Defenders. 01 OF 18 Here's every major character confirmed so far for Marvel's The Defenders. Every Character in The Defenders Download Image Captions ESC
The Hand's true power, however, lies in its supernatural background. The Hand's leaders practice dark magic that allows them to raise the dead and continuously add new members to the organization. This magic also allows them to brainwash the resurrected warrior to become blindly loyal and 100% ruthless in battle.
The Hand's true leader is The Beast, a demon who can possess host bodies and is the source of their supernatural power.
Origin and Background
The Hand first made their debut in 1981's Daredevil #174, written and drawn by Frank Miller. This came during a period when Miller dramatically revamped the series, introducing now-iconic characters like Elektra and generally steeping Daredevil's world in ninja and Japanese elements.
Over time, Miller and other creators established a background story for the Hand. It was revealed that the group's origins date back to 16th Century Japan. Their founder, Kagenobu Yoshioka, sought to unite the power of the five Japanese islands under one clenched fist, hence the name "The Hand." Yoshioka wanted to use his clan to fight against the oppressive actions of Japan's wealthy elite.
Despite these noble intentions, Yoshioka was murdered and the Hand was quickly overtaken by the Snakeroot clan, a cult that worships the Beast. Once the Hand's skilled warriors merged with the Snakeroot clan's dark magics, the Hand became the twisted, powerful organization it is today. Because they have similar ideologies, the hand is also frequently intertwined with Hydra. In fact, the comic book version of Hydra (which is less directly intertwined with the Nazis than the MCU version) was founded by a group of Hand members with political ambitions.
The Hand have remained a thorn in the side of many heroes since making their debut in the pages of Daredevil. Key storyline include Elektra: Assassin (which fleshed out Elektra's ties to the group and introduced the Beast of the Hand), Wolverine Enemy of the State (where Wolverine was among several heroes killed and resurrected as Hand assassins) and Shadowland (where Daredevil took over leadership of the Hand and was corrupted by the Beast).
Beyond the Comics
The Hand have a pretty robust history outside the comics. The organization has been a recurring threat in Netflix's Marvel TV series, appearing in both Daredevil and Iron Fist and serving as the primary antagonist in The Defenders.
Prior to the debut of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, the Hand also played a major role in 2005's Elektra movie.
The Hand have appeared in a number of Marvel-based video games, including X-Men vs. Street Fighter, Marvel Heroes, Marvel: Avengers Alliance, Marvel Puzzle Quest and Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3. They even appeared in the PSP video game tie-in to X-Men Origins: Wolverine, expanding the events of the film to include a mission where Wolverine and Sabretooth battle the Hand.
The Hand's most significant multimedia appearance doesn't involve a Marvel movie, however. This group directly inspired the Foot Clan of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise. TMNT effectively began life as a parody of Miller's Daredevil run, with the Hand becoming the Foot, Stick becoming Splinter, etc. Before the advent of the MCU, it's probably safe to say the Foot were far more famous than their comic book inspiration.
Jesse is a mild-mannered writer for IGN. Allow him to lend a machete to your intellectual thicket by following @jschedeen on Twitter, or Kicksplode on MyIGN.
Many people of African heritage are protected against malaria by inheriting a particular version of a gene, a large-scale study has shown.
Another variation of the same gene can have the opposite effect of raising susceptibility to malaria - but it reduces the risk of other common childhood diseases, the study found.
The findings give new insights to explain why some children, but not all, develop severe malaria. The condition, which is spread by mosquito bites, kills half a million African children each year before they have had time to acquire immunity to the disease.
Scientists also revealed that the impact of both gene variations is linked to whether or not individuals carry a third genetic mutation. Their research, which highlights the complex links that can exist between genes in our DNA, helps explain inconsistencies in previous research.
In a study of more than 5,000 Kenyan children, researchers from the University of Edinburgh with colleagues from Oxford, Kenya and Mali examined two variations, or mutations - known as Sl2 and McCb - in a gene called CR1. These gene variations, common in African populations, were believed to have evolved in response to malaria, but previous studies have been unable to confirm this.
By studying the complex relationships between the gene variants, researchers found that the Sl2 mutation in the CR1 gene protects against cerebral malaria and death - but only if children did not carry a third gene mutation, known as alpha-thalassaemia. A separate study showed that the Sl2 variant helped prevent clumps of cells called rosettes, found in severe malaria.
The other mutation in CR1, known as McCb, was found to be linked to increased risk of cerebral malaria and death, but to lower the risk of childhood diseases such as respiratory and gastrointestinal infections. The study, supported by Wellcome, was published in eLife.
Professor Alexandra Rowe, of the University of Edinburgh's School of Biological Sciences, who supervised the study, said: "Genes have complex effects on one another and on the chances of disease. These findings point towards avenues for further research in understanding factors that influence life-threatening illness in African children."
Dr Olivia Swann, of the School of Biological Sciences, who jointly led the study, said: "This study is a missing piece in the puzzle of how genes protect people against malaria. It also reminds us how complex this protection is and how hard it can be to untangle the influence of one gene from another."
###
Russian President Vladimir Putin struck a softer tone towards the West on Monday after winning his biggest ever election victory, saying he had no desire for an arms race and would do everything he could to resolve differences with other countries. As Kate King reports, he also vowed to focus on a domestic economy damaged by years of sanctions.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Choosing a name for your newborn can be tricky with many parents not wanting their little one to be the 100th Olivia or Oliver in the school.
In recent years more and more parents are opting for unusual names in place of the traditional favourites.
There are plenty of unique options out there for creative parents but one mum couldn't hold her silence when she spotted 'dumb' names in her child's yearbook.
She decided to list all of them on social media to see what other people thought, reports The Mirror.
(Image: iStockphoto)
There are a lot of them - and some of them are very, well, odd.
Allison Czarnecki , a writer from Utah, wrote: "I'm too tired to sleep so I'm going to tweet out the dumbest Utah names from my son's Junior High yearbook. Buckle up.
"These are legit 100% real names straight from the yearbook."
She then lists a huge selection of names in seven separate tweets, including Preslee, Taeton, Daxton, and Maklain.
(Image: Photographer's Choice)
Some of them are traditional names but with unusual spellings, including Alyxandrya, Zoie and Maddyson.
But she saved the best two until lasts, giving them their own tweets. Felecya and Cinch.
So if you're looking for any unusual name inspiration, you're welcome...
Over Torres collects 4 RBIs in rout
Alex Isola hit three-run homer in the top of the third to spark a six-run rally, Over Torres collected four RBIs and the Yavapai College baseball team opened its second road trip of the young season with a 12-3 win over Arizona Western College on Friday afternoon.
It is the first win since opening day for the Roughriders (3-2, 0-0 ACCAC), which are scheduled to play three games in two days against the Matadors at Brophy Prep. in Phoenix.
In the top of the third, Jesus Pulido led off with a single before Roberto Cabrera moved him over to second base off a sacrifice bunt. Trevor Edior reached on an error and Carlos Viera was hit by a pitch before Torres worked a walk for an RBI, scoring Pulido.
Tommy Sacco followed with a two-RBI single to right field and Isola picked out the first pitch he saw for a three-run bomb to make it 6-0 and the Roughriders never looked back.
Sacco was 2 for 5 with an RBI and a run scored, while Pulido collected two hits and scored twice.
Tommy Costello toed the mound for Yavapai, throwing five innings of two-run baseball while allowing eight hits and striking out five.
The sophomore southpaw threw 77 pitches before giving way to Kevin Stevens in the sixth. Stevens allowed one run on five hits in four innings pitched out of the bullpen.
For Arizona Western (1-4, 0-0 ACCAC), Chris Koeiman surrendered 10 runs on seven hits, while walking two.
Sean Roby was 3 for 5 with an RBI, while Spencer Packard, Daniel Miranda and Zach Huffins each collected two hits.
UP NEXT
Yavapai is scheduled to play a doubleheader against Arizona Western today, with game one set for noon. Sophomore transfer Darius Vines is expected to be on the hill for the Roughriders.
First pitch for game two is set for 2:30 p.m. A start has not been announced for Yavapai.
Brian M. Bergner Jr. is sports editor for The Daily Courier. Follow him on Twitter and Instagram at @SportsWriter52, or on Facebook at @SportsAboveTheFold. Email bbergner@prescottaz.com or call 928-445-3333, ext. 1106.
Naomi Osaka, of Japan, serves to Daria Kasatkina, of Russia, in the women's final at the BNP Paribas Open tennis tournament, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Indian Wells, Calif. Osaka won 6-3, 6-2. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Naomi Osaka, of Japan, serves to Daria Kasatkina, of Russia, in the women's final at the BNP Paribas Open tennis tournament, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Indian Wells, Calif. Osaka won 6-3, 6-2. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. (AP) - It has never happened before: an opening-round match pitting a player who just won her first tennis title against a 23-time Grand Slam champion.
Naomi Osaka, a rising star who won Indian Wells on Sunday, will face Serena Williams in the first round of the Miami Open on Wednesday. It's a freakishly difficult way for both players to start a tournament.
"The luck of the draw," tournament director James Blake said Monday. "It's great in one sense - we have an unbelievable blockbuster match for Wednesday. But one of them is going to be gone unfortunately by Thursday."
The marquee matchup at the outset of the two-week tournament came about because neither player is seeded. Osaka is ranked a career-best No. 22, while Williams is ranked No. 491 after becoming a mother and returning to the tour at Indian Wells following a layoff of more than a year.
Osaka, a 20-year-old slugger from Japan, earned the biggest victory her career when she beat Daria Kasatkina 6-3, 6-2 in the Indian Wells final. Along with the title she won $1.3 million, nearly doubling her career earnings.
Serena lost in the third round at Indian Wells to her sister Venus. An eight-time Key Biscayne champion, Serena enters the tournament as a wild card and has never faced Osaka.
"We'll see a lot of heavies hitting," Blake said. "Both of them hit the ball so big. There are a lot of story lines. How is Naomi going to react to winning her first big title? There's the cross-country flight. Is she going to be nervous playing Serena now that expectations are higher?"
Osaka lost just one set at Indian Wells and beat Maria Sharapova and top-ranked Simona Halep en route to the title.
"But anyone who is counting Serena out," Blake said, "is doing so at their peril."
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
The East Texas Medical Center made an announcement this week that they would be suspending their kidney transplant program, leaving patients on the transplant list worried they'll be forgotten about.
Edward Saturley tries to hold back tears as he faces a scary realization.
"Financially, I don't know if I'll be able to afford it. I'm pretty sure I can't, not on my own," kidney failure patient Edward Saturley says.
Saturley was diagnosed with stage 4 chronic kidney failure 3 years ago, and has been on dialysis ever since; he was later put on a transplant list.
"And now that it is time, we can't get the transplant because the hospital has closed the program," Saturley says.
Saturley says he's more concerned about what happens to his daughter than to himself.
"She sacrificed so much to get me a kidney, she lost a lot of weight, 60, 70 pounds or more. I don't even know how much," Saturley says.
We tried reaching out to ETMC about Saturley's case, but their public information officer Rebecca Berkley says they are not able to comment on specific patients.
East Texas Medical Center says they are suspending the program because of regulations and restrictions. They say increasing regulations make it difficult for smaller transplant programs to remain in operation.
"There are over 70,000 people in this country that are on the transplant list or dialyzing, maybe not on the transplant list, that have this disease," Saturley says.
ETMC says their patients are there number one priority and hope to transfer all patients on the list to different programs around the country; Saturley says he can't afford to travel long distances.
"I'll put it in God's hands and let him take care of it," Saturley says.
ETMC officials say they are in the process of transitioning to a new medical system, affiliated with the UT Health System.
They are hoping this transition could allow for a new East Texas kidney transplant program.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) have approved applications from a further eight Russian athletes to compete neutrally in 2018.
Hurdles athletes Mariya Aglitskaya, Timofey Chalyy and Vera Rudakova have been found to have met the IAAF's exceptional eligibility criteria.
Distance runners Yevgeniy Rybakov and Fyodor Shutov have also been granted the status along with pole vaulters Georgiy Gorokhov and Timur Morgunov.
High jumper Ilya Ivanyuk has also had his application approved.
The latest decisions mean a total of 67 Russian athletes have so far been declared eligible to compete as authorised neutral athletes in 2018.
The IAAF said 62 applications have been denied, while a further five athletes have had their neutral status revoked.
Overall, 199 applications have been received by the IAAF from Russian athletes.
In December 2016, the IAAF allowed Russian athletes who met specific anti-doping criteria to compete at events as neutrals, following the suspension of the Russian Athletics Federation (RusAF) in November 2015.
This came after the World Anti-Doping Agency's (WADA) Independent Commission uncovered widespread doping offences in Russian track and field.
A simplified application process for athletes to apply was launched in December 2017.
Vera Rudakova, right, will be able to compete internationally as a neutral athlete ©Getty Images
The governing body say that they will only make further announcements when decisions are reached by their doping review board, which consists of Robert Hersh, Sylvia Barlag and Antti Pihlakoski.
Last month, the IAAF approved 33 Russian applications to compete neutrally at the World Under-20 Championships and European Under-18 Championships.
The IAAF had approved several neutral athletes in January, February and April.
Russia's ongoing suspension is set to be reviewed by the IAAF next month at their next Council meeting.
In March, the IAAF said RusAF could face potential expulsion should progress not be made towards reinstatement.
The IAAF Taskforce, chaired by Norway's Rune Andersen, stated a recommendation could be made to withdraw permission for clean Russian athletes to compete neutrally, while there is also the potential to explore the expulsion of Russian membership entirely.
FILE PHOTO: An illustration picture shows the log-on screen for the Website Facebook on an Ipad, in Bordeaux, Southwestern France on January 30, 2013. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau/File Photo
SAN FRANCISCO Apple (AAPL.O) and Facebook (FB.O) may expand their already outsized share of U.S. technology revenue when they report their earnings this week, as investors look for evidence to justify this year's U.S. stock market rally.
The two are the last of the top five U.S. tech companies by market value to release their quarterly results, following reports from Alphabet (GOOGL.O), Microsoft (MSFT.O) and Amazon.com (AMZN.O) last week. Those reports impressed analysts and fueled confidence in the sector, which has so far been the top performer on Wall Street in 2017.
"If we look at the lion's share of the numbers, they're performing above expectations," said Daniel Morgan, a portfolio manager at Synovus Trust, which owns shares of Apple worth about $41 million and shares of Facebook worth $68 million.
"It gives validity to my position, which is that tech is, by far, the most exciting sector," Morgan said.
Shares of Facebook and Apple both hit record highs on Tuesday, up 0.53 percent and 0.75 percent respectively.
Surges in Apple, Facebook and other Silicon Valley heavyweights have pushed the S&P 500 technology index up by 16 percent this year.
And planned measures by President Donald Trump for steep corporate tax cuts and the easing of tax restrictions on profits made abroad would help Apple and other technology companies return more cash to shareholders.
The largest five Silicon Valley companies for years have been increasing their share of revenue and profits generated in the technology sector at the expense of smaller competitors.
Those five players boosted their share of revenue among technology companies in the benchmark S&P 500 index to 46 percent in 2016, from 38 percent in 2013, according to Thomson Reuters data. Their share of net income increased to 46 percent from 42 percent during the same time.
Facebook and Google, which is owned by Alphabet, received 77 percent of gross spending on digital advertising in 2016, compared to 72 percent the year before, according to industry data analyzed by Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser.
Technology company earnings are expected to have grown 17.7 percent in the latest three months, the strongest quarterly expansion since 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Apple is expected by analysts to have boosted its revenue by 4.8 percent when it reports on Tuesday.
On Wednesday, Facebook is expected to post a 45.6-percent leap in revenue and a similar increase in earnings per share, according to analysts' estimates.
(Additional reporting by David Ingram; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
Nicolás Maduro's socialist dictatorship in Venezuela has overseen a 120 percent increase in the number of political prisoners in the past year, according to the legal aid group Foro Penal.
There are currently 233 political prisoners across Venezuela, mainly on crimes of “treason,” instigating anti-government protests, or the alleged use of violence or intimidation against the country's security forces. This is a 120-percent increase from this time last year, where there were around 100 people imprisoned.
According to Foro Penal director Alfredo Romero, the government has instituted an “open door” prison policy, liberating some group of prisoners while imprisoning even more.
Nearly all of those imprisoned are dissidents against the Maduro regime, which has over the past year transformed the country into a totalitarian dictatorship where political dissent is outlawed.
Venezuelan political prisoners have previously testified to the use of torturous methods by prison authorities, which include the use of electroshock, starvation, and nude humiliation. Last year, a joint report by Foro Penal and Human Rights Watch also accused the government of feeding prisoners dishes such as “pasta with feces.”
As a result, many of the country's elected politicians and officials—such as the rightful Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledzema, the former Attorney General Luisa Ortega, and Venezuelan Ambassador to the United Nations Diego Arria—have exiled themselves to avoid political repression or imprisonment.
Attending the UN Human Rights Council last September, Arria testified to the use of “torture, sex crimes, and systematic murder of unarmed civilians” by the government that he said amounted to “crimes against humanity” by a tyranny run by “drug traffickers and criminals.”
Venezuela's most recognized political prisoner is the opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez, who was imprisoned in 2014 on charges of organizing mass street protests against the government. He is currently living under house arrest.
Meanwhile, hundreds of thousands of ordinary Venezuelans have also fled the country to escape the high levels of political repression, as well as in search of a better life amid the country's ongoing economic meltdown.
The high numbers political prisoners is inextricably linked to the rise of political activism as Venezuela experiences the worst humanitarian crisis in its history, with millions of people now starving and without living resources such as medicine and toiletries.
The humanitarian crisis is mainly a result of nearly two decades of socialist rule that saw excessive government spending and economic mismanagement that has led to wild levels of inflation close to 8000 percent that has rendered the country's Bolivar currency effectively worthless.
According to a recent Reuters analysis, hyperinflation has also left the country's once powerful banks loaded with worthless cash, worth a total of just $40 million.
Follow Ben Kew on Facebook, Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com.
Timely completion and handover of a project – a 16 storey commercial building made to global standards in 18 months – while ensuring the highest level of quality. This is how Dr Niranjan Hiranandani, Co-Founder & MD – Hiranandani Group, described TCS Olympus Centre, which is situated in Hiranandani Estate, Thane, on the day it was inaugurated. Spanning over 14.5 acres and comprising 2 million square feet of space, the commercial structure, TCS Olympus Centre, scored another accolade: it was awarded the ‘Best Commercial Project of 2016-17' at the 32nd National Real Estate Annual Awards by Accommodation Times in Mumbai on 14 March 2018.
Murari Chaturvedi, Editor-in-Chief, Accommodation Times presented the Award to Dr Niranjan Hiranandani. A visibly elated Dr Niranjan Hiranandani, after accepting the award, said the project was a landmark in commercial real estate in India. “India's software giant Tata Consultancy Services signed a deal of ‘built to suit' commercial office space in the up-market Hiranandani Estate, Ghodbunder Road, Thane. Delivering this much awaited commercial building in the record time of 18 months stands testimony to Hiranandani's commitment to timely delivery with uncompromised quality. Also, following global best practices, it is not just about Glass and Chrome – developed as a Green campus, it leverages Rainwater Harvesting and a Sewage Treatment Plant, with eco-friendly, low-emission systems and fixtures,” he added.
TCS Olympus Centre is a state of art technology centre and can accommodate more than 30,000 employees. Beyond winning awards, the project will create further employment opportunities. Describing the project as a ‘new next-gen workplace', Dr Niranjan Hiranandani said the state of the art facility provided a contemporary and holistic work culture. “The relocation of corporate offices spread over different locations in Mumbai city and suburbs to Thane's Ghodbunder Road reflects on the increasing attractiveness of its commercial real estate. Excellent connectivity through road and rail corridors in the Mumbai Region makes Thane ideal for corporates to follow the TCS lead, to relocate and expand in Thane,” he pointed out.
The award winning project, said Dr Niranjan Hiranandani, also shifts the spotlight on Thane as a residential destination for those who work in the fast-growing IT and ITeS sectors. Home seekers opting for a home in Thane, in locations close to their workspaces, will experience the ‘walk to work and walk back home' option multiplied with well-developed infrastructure, he added. “While it is a pleasure to have the project get this award, completion of this commercial building within a record time-frame encapsulates our efforts, with the right synergy between various teams – be it Architecture, Engineering or Contracts – each has shown exemplary spirit in creating and delivering TCS Olympus Centre, a commercial tower, fully functional with no compromises on the structural stability or safety aspects,” he concluded.
Dr Niranjan Hiranandani is Founder & MD, Hiranandani Group. He is President (Nation), National Real Estate Development Council (NAREDCO), which works under the aegis of Ministry of Housing & Urban Poverty Alleviation, Government of India.
With the Mesa 17.1 branching now having happened plus in prepping for Radeon RX 500 series Linux graphics benchmarks this week, for your viewing pleasure now are tests on nine different AMD GCN GPUs under a range of Linux gaming tests when using the 4.11 kernel and Mesa 17.1 Git trees. NVIDIA comparison results will follow plus planned RX 560/580 Linux benchmarks.
For the Linux benchmark numbers to look at tonight are for the Radeon HD 7950, R7 260X, R9 270X, R9 285, R9 290, R7 370, RX 460, RX 480, and R9 Fury. The selection of cards was based upon the available AMD GCN cards I had handy for testing. Stay tuned for the NVIDIA and Polaris RX 500 numbers in the days ahead.
All tests were done using a Linux 4.11 and Mesa 17.1-dev Git snapshot as of this past weekend atop Ubuntu 17.04 with X.Org Server 1.19.3. All benchmarks were automated using the Phoronix Test Suite.
NEW YORK The sell-off of municipal bonds tied to the bankruptcy filing of Westinghouse Electric Co paused on Thursday as investors reconsidered concerns on the likelihood that construction of four U.S. nuclear power plants hit by billions in cost overruns will be completed.
The four reactors are part of two projects known as V.C. Summer in South Carolina, which is majority-owned by SCANA Corp (SCG.N) and Vogtle in Georgia, which is owned by a group of utilities led by Southern Co (SO.N).
Westinghouse is a unit of Japanese conglomerate Toshiba Corp 6502.T>.
Tax-exempt bonds issued by the Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia (MEAG), which owns 22.7 percent of the Vogtle units, and South Carolina Public Service Authority (Santee Cooper), which owns 45 percent of the V.C. Summer units, reversed a recent slide, albeit in thin trading volumes.
"It could be considered a dead-cat bounce in the market as people are starting to get comfortable with their ability to pay their bonds and it doesn't appear that this is going to lead to a default," said Brett Adlard, municipal strategist at Piper Jaffray in Chicago.
Adlard said there could be near-term weakness in the bonds because of headline risks, but there is a slow realization that there are underlying strengths, such as Santee Cooper's flexibility to raise electricity rates given that the rates are considered low when measured against the rest of the nation.
On Wednesday, SCANA executives told analysts that in the case of the V.C. Summer operations, most of the components are already bought and on site, which employs about 5,000 people.
"The Trump administration, being so pro-jobs, shutting down these two large nuclear plants would look like a negative from their goal," Adlard said, adding that Westinghouse's involvement in military operations makes this a national security interest."
MEAG's 6.637 percent bond maturing in 2057 saw improvement with the yield spread over the benchmark MMD yield curve narrowing by 4.5 basis points to 285.7 basis points. However, over the last 10 trading days, spreads are wider by a significant 26.9 basis points, according to Thomson Reuters data. 626207YF5=MSRB.
Santee Cooper's 5 percent bond maturing in 2028 improved on Thursday with the yield spread narrowing by 16.7 basis points to 95.1 basis points. That is still 35.6 basis points wider over the last 10 trading days. 837151KG3=MSRB Wider spreads indicate weak performance in a credit.
Costs for the projects have soared due to increased safety demands by U.S. regulators and also due to significantly higher-than-anticipated costs for labor, equipment and components.
"These are fundamentally strong credits, but that said, they have made a lot of investments in these plants and now there is more uncertainty on how much more it is going to cost or how much longer it will take to complete the plants," said John Ceffalio, municipal credit analyst at AllianceBernstein in New York.
"To date, both MEAG and Santee Cooper have had a lot of political support. We question how strong that support will be going forward given additional costs and delays," he said.
(Reporting by Daniel Bases; Editing by Leslie Adler)
TUESDAY, April 24, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- Sigmoidoscopy, an alternative to colonoscopy, may help one gender more than the other, new research shows.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy looks at about a third of the colon, as compared to the whole colon as is seen in colonoscopy. But unlike colonoscopy, sigmoidoscopy does not typically require sedation.
However, new research finds that while sigmoidoscopy is associated with fewer colon cancer cases and deaths for men who undergo the screen, that benefit was not observed for women.
"For women, we could not detect an effect of sigmoidoscopy screening on [colon cancer] incidence or mortality," wrote a team led by Dr. Oyvind Holme, of the University of Oslo in Norway.
As Holme's team explained, prior research has suggested that sigmoidoscopy reduces overall colon cancer incidence by 18 percent to 26 percent, and related deaths by 22 percent to 31 percent over 10 to 17 years.
But it's not been clear if both genders benefit equally.
In this study, nearly 99,000 Norwegians aged 50 to 64 were randomly selected to undergo sigmoidoscopy screening for colon cancer, or to have no type of screening.
After 17 years, men in the sigmoidoscopy group had a 34 percent lower risk of colon cancer and a 37 percent lower risk of death from the disease than men in the non-screening group.
However, women in the sigmoidoscopy group saw little reduction in their colon cancer risk or death rates, compared to women who weren't screened, the findings showed.
The study was published online April 23 in Annals of Internal Medicine.
Why the difference by gender? In an accompanying journal editorial, Dr. Kirsten Bibbins-Domingo of the University of California, San Francisco, pointed out that colon cancer tends to progress differently in men and women.
She noted that the peak incidence of colon cancer occurs at an earlier age in men than in women. That means that with a one-time sigmoidoscopy screening, the age at which women were screened may have been too early to spot those who would go on to develop colon cancer, Bibbins-Domingo theorized.
More research is needed to identify the best colon screening strategy for women, she said.
Dr. Arun Swaminath directs the inflammatory bowel disease program at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City. He said that, in his own practice, he prefers the use of colonoscopy to sigmoidoscopy because the former examines more of the colon.
"That being said, [expert guidelines] approve sigmoidoscopy to be one of the screening options for colon cancer in the United States," Swaminath said.
But the Norwegian study found sigmoidoscopy "didn't seem to benefit women as it did men," he said. "The implication, if it's confirmed in a U.S. population, is that women should not be offered sigmoidoscopy [with or without a stool test] as a screening test as it doesn't seem to offer benefit."
On the positive side -- at least for men - "the [protective] benefit of a sigmoidoscopy seems to last well beyond five years, the typical interval before repeat studies are currently recommended," Swaminath noted.
That could mean that testing might need to be done less often, potentially saving health care dollars, he suggested.
More information
The U.S. National Cancer Institute has more on colorectal cancer screening.
-- Robert Preidt SOURCES: Arun Swaminath, M.D., director, inflammatory bowel disease program, Lenox Hill Hospital, New York City; Annals of Internal Medicine, news release, April 23, 2018 Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Michael Jackson's Estate is Suing Disney The former pop legend‘s estate is suing the company over their ABC special, claiming copyright infringement. The suit alleges that the special, “The Last Days of Michael Jackson,” used songs, music videos and even a concert documentary without permission. The lawsuit states 'Variety' reports that Jackson's estate was never asked for rights to the clips before the special aired. When the estate shared its objection with Disney, the company claimed that because it was a documentary, it falls under the “fair use” doctrine. Howard Weitzman, the attorney for the Jackson estate Howard Weitzman, the attorney for the Jackson estate
Tuesday on Fox Business Channel's “Varney & Co.” Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX) said Democrats calls to abolish the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency were calls for “anarchy.”
Gohmert said, “It's a call for anarchy. And, it's amazing that it has caught on and has been spreading even among what were thought to be mainstream Democrats. I mean, it's insane. If you don't have borders, you don't have a country. And, when you're a welfare state like the U.S. has become, it is just a giant sucking sound from all over the world.”
He added, “You can't control it, and it means anarchy. It means might make right and then that, ultimately, leads to a totalitarian dictator coming in and rounding up the military, taking over. It's the way countries end, and a new dictatorship begins. You call for anarchy, and then you get a dictator.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
by Elizabeth A. Tomlin
Prime livestock was on display at the 4th Annual Mohawk Valley Regional 4-H Livestock Show and Sale, which took place at the Herkimer County Fairgrounds in Frankfort, NY, on Sept. 23.
The show, which was judged by Ben Weikert of SUNY Cobleskill, showed that Mohawk Valley 4-Her's know just how to successfully raise their livestock. “These 4-Her's should be proud of the quality product they have raised,” stated Weikert.
Top honor for Grand Champion Market Beef Steer went to Laken Dyn, for her 1,170 pound steer, “Bear”.
Seth Donahoe took second place with his 1,415-pound steer “Simba” in the Market Class, with Sam Donahoe's taking 3rd place for his 1,370-pound steer “Tyrone”.
Anna Hawkes showed her Prospect Steer, “Scout”, who was named reserve champion of the Beef Show, as well as “Best Bred and Owned”. Hawkes was awarded as Master Showman of the Beef Show.
Market hogs, chickens and a lamb were also shown and sold at this event.
“Participating in the Mohawk Valley 4-H Show and Sale has many benefits,” said Sam Donahoe. “I have learned a lot about raising a project animal and have met a lot of great people. I appreciate the support and generosity that our local businesses have shown the 4-H program. Clinton Tractor has bought three of my animals in the past years. The Calidonna Family supports many community organizations and I am very grateful to them for being a big supporter at our 4-H Livestock Sale. It was nice to see more animals and new participants in the event this year.”
Seth Donahoe commented on the event as well.
“Being a part of the Mohawk Valley Livestock Show and Sale has been a big learning experience for me,” said Seth. “Keeping accurate records, learning about the process of raising beef and recruiting buyers to come bid on my animal has all taught me a lot. My favorite part is the connections I have made with the people I have met. Every year generous bidders and buyers come to support the sale. Mr. Thompson of G & T Farm has bought my animals in the past and is a big supporter of the program. This year Clinton Tractor, The Calidonna Family, bought my steer and donated it back. Jesse Marsh of Marsh Insurance Agency was my final bidder and I really appreciate all the support I have been given!”
“These 4-H members work all year with their livestock projects,” said Jennifer L. Collins, Extension Educator, 4-H Youth Development, Cornell Cooperative Extension of Herkimer County. “Not only do they learn proper nutrition and care for their animals, but they are also learning entrepreneurial skills on how to market themselves and their animal.”
Collins reports that the 4-Her's are responsible for keeping in-depth records on feed, weight gain, cost of production, etc. “So they know what it cost them to raise the animal and how much they need to receive at auction to cover their costs. The 4-H livestock auction is a win-win for everyone. The youth learn life lessons while raising their animals, and hopefully, make a little money, and the buyer gets a very high quality product that is locally raised by a 4-H member.”
Collins said that not only do the youth work year round on their livestock projects, but they also secure buyers for the auction. “They are learning how to raise the best quality market animals as well as how to market their finished products.”
Ashley McFarland, Cornell Cooperative Extension Regional Livestock Specialist P.A.S., also took part in the event, supporting the youth and donating animals for them to raise.
“We were very happy with how the animals grew out and sold for these kids,” said McFarland. “We can't wait to get more 4-H kids involved and hope to have 10 hogs and five lambs in this sale next year.”
For more information on this program contact Collins at 315-866-7920.
Before falsifying President Donald Trump's crowd size at a Nashville, Tennessee, rally on Tuesday evening, New York Times reporter Julie Davis said she was depressed that an “adorable young boy” at Trump's rally was screaming “FAKE NEWS!” at legacy media reporters.
Depressing sight at Trump rally in Nashville: adorable young boy, probly about my son's age, pointing iPhone at me & other reporters & snapping pix while screaming "FAKE NEWS!" A child who will grow up believing a free & fair press is the enemy, a bad thing, to be mocked & hated — Julie Davis (@juliehdavis) May 30, 2018
Davis then promptly wrote in her Times report that just 1,000 were at rally when at least 5,5000 people attended the event. The Times were forced to issue a correction on Wednesday after Trump blasted the outlet for disparaging and demeaning his supporters.
“The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at ‘1000 people,' when in fact it was many times that number – and the arena was rockin'. This is the way they demean and disparage,” Trump tweeted. “They are very dishonest people who don't ‘get' me, and never did!”
The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people,” when in fact it was many times that number – and the arena was rockin'. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don't “get” me, and never did! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
In its correction, the Times said an earlier version “cited an incorrect figure for the number of people attending President Trump's rally.”
“While no exact figure is available, the fire marshal's office estimated that approximately 5,500 people attended the rally, not about 1,000 people,” the correction added.
Breitbart News reporter Michael Patrick Leahy attended the event and estimated more than 8,000 people were in attendance. Trump's campaign issued a Wednesday statement that agreed with Breitbart News' estimate.
“President Trump hosted over 8,000 patriotic Americans at our rally in Nashville last night, but the New York Times wants to mislead and deceive its declining readership by claiming that we had an ‘audience of about 1,000,'” Trump Campaign Chief Operating Officer Michael Glassner said in a Wednesday statement. “This is yet another blatant attempt by the fake news media to deny the truth about President Trump's success and diminish the reality of the Trump movement.”
Junior Football Championship
Lannléire 3-12 Westerns 2-12
This match was a wonderful advertisement for Junior Championship Football in Louth. It had everything, two teams who were willing to take each other on toe to toe and fight fire with fire.
However, on a night where the teams traded fabulous scores, Cathal O'Hanlon's Westerns were edged out by just a solitary kick of the ball.
They got a perfect start with two early goals but Lannléire came roaring back with Brian McGuinness, Jason Torris and Bob Murphy to the fore.
Those two early goals, from Johnny Lynch and Conor Kerr, set the Westerns on their way to a 2-5 to 0-4 lead after 15 minutes with county man Tommy Durnin heavily influential. The midfielder finished with an incredible 43 possessions, although, a goal from Lannléire's Bob Murphy preceded a cracking major from Colin Murphy as John O'Connor's side leveled things up at 2-7 apiece heading into half-time.
And the Dunleer men came out the blocks in the second-half like men possessed, scoring 1-3 without reply with Murphy scoring another wonderful goal with the Callan brothers, Liam and Paul, and Niall Lennon raising white flags.
But the Westerns responded and two-points each from Durnin and Baylon cut the gap back to four-points with five-minutes remaining before Anthony Durnin goaled in stoppage time to reduce the gap further.
Despite their best efforts, the Westerns couldn't engineer a leveling score though as Lannléire prevailed. It was a victory which sparked joyous scenes on their part on the full-time whistle.
Lannléire: John King; Paul McGeough, Andrew O'Dowd, Paul Doyle (0-1, '45); Michael O'Hare, Brian McGuinness, Jason Torris; Paul Callan (0-1), Ian Mulroy (0-1); Brendan McEvoy, Colin Murphy (1-2), Liam Callan (0-1); Niall Lennon (0-3), Bob Murphy (2-2), Alan Murphy
Subs: Conall Maher (0-1) for Liam Callan (51), Garry Monaghan for Lennon (51)
Westerns: Peter Shields; Michael Martin, James Ward, PJ Marron; Colin Martin, Stephen Boylan, Seán McGuinness; Tommy Durnin (0-6, two frees), Anthony Durnin (0-3); Terence Sweeney, Trevor Baylon (0-3, one free), Ciarán Scriven; Johnny Lynch (1-0), Dermot Caraher, Conor Kerr (1-0)
Subs: Niall Moynagh for Marron (35), Andrew Kerr for Colin Martin (55), Andrew Murray for Sweeney (56)
Referee: Anthony Briscoe (Stabannon Parnells)
The rise and rise of Truecaller
Truecaller states that it has reached over 100-million active users.
In less than a year, the app has leapfrogged from 100-million monthly active users (MAUs) per month to 100-million daily active users (DAUs) and is still growing.
With more than 20% of its user base in Africa, Truecaller app service identifies more than half a billion calls monthly in the region, and 50% of SMS received are spam. In Kenya the application blocks and filters more than 12-million calls and 21,5-million spam SMSes per month.
From people predominantly using Nokia and BlackBerry phones to a wide array of Androids and Apples, technology is constantly evolving around us. The cost of mobile devices continues to plunge and consumers today are now spoilt for choice when it comes to deciding what smartphone to purchase.
In emerging markets, there is an increased importance placed on smartphones in peoples' daily lives. It's their primary gateway to the internet, their connection with family and friends, people abroad, and increasingly their main banking and finance tool.
Alan Mamedi, CEO and co-founder of Truecaller, says: “Close to a decade ago, we set out to solve what we thought was a simple problem – how do we figure out who these unknown numbers belong to that keeps calling us? Little did we know how big of a problem that actually was in all corners of the world.
“It was so big, in fact, that Truecaller is pleased and excited to announce that we now have more than 100 million daily active users using our app for their daily communication. There are only a handful of mobile-only services that impact as many users each and every day and we are humbled to be able to join this exclusive group,” says Mamedi.
From simple beginnings as a Caller ID and spam blocking app, to a fully-fledged communications platform with calling, SMS', Flash Messages and payment services.
“We could never have predicted that Truecaller would become an indispensable resource for women's safety in many countries; or that it would be used for e-commerce and courier services around the globe to facilitate the difficult last mile of delivery, or allow more people to experience a data-only product in offline mode,” says Mamedi. “Truecaller is more than just an app on your phone, it has aided in bridging the digital divide between the urban and growing semi-urban/rural markets in India; and has even enabled more African businesses to accept online payment.”
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — Jeremy Zwickl entered a plea Friday morning after the Kansas Supreme Court overturned a ruling by Judge Trish Rose in suppressing evidence discovered in an automobile.
Zwickl entered a plea to possession of marijuana with intent to distribute, two counts of child endangerment, possession of marijuana and driving while suspended.
The case goes back to Aug. 27, 2012, when a drug-related search was executed on a 2006 Ford Mustang registered to Zwickl. Three individual vacuum-sealed bags of marijuana weighing about a pound each were allegedly found in the trunk. Also located were maps and drug paraphernalia.
The Reno County Drug Unit then served a search warrant on a home on East C, where it allegedly found drug paraphernalia, mushrooms, marijuana, as well as growing equipment in a hidden room in the basement.
Sentencing in the case is set for Nov. 17.
LONDON — British police declared a major incident Wednesday after a man and a woman were exposed to an unknown substance close to the city of Salisbury, where a Russian former spy and his daughter were poisoned with nerve agent four months ago.
Emergency services were called to the town of Amesbury in Wiltshire county in southern England, after the pair, both in their 40s, were found unconscious in a property Saturday evening.
“They are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital. They are both in a critical condition,” Wiltshire Police said in a statement.
Police said the two were initially thought to have used heroin of crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs, but that more testing was now being carried out to determine the nature of the substance.
More: Former Russian spy Sergei Skripal discharged from hospital after poisoning
Related: Yulia Skripal says nerve agent recovery slow and painful
The places the pair — whose identities weren't immediately released — frequented before they became ill have been cordoned off in Amesbury and Salisbury as a precaution and police patrols have increased.
Public health officials said there is not believed to be a significant health risk to the public, but this “will be continually assessed as further information becomes known.”
Amesbury is about 10 miles from Salisbury, where Sergei Skripal, 66, and his daughter Yulia, 33, were found unresponsive on a bench on March 4.
More: Who is Sergei Skripal? Russian spy found unconscious in English park sparks intrigue
Britain says the Skripals were poisoned with Soviet-developed Novichok nerve agent and blames Russia. The Kremlin denies any responsibility. Sergei Skripal was jailed in Russia in 2006 for passing state secrets to Britain. He was released as part of a spy swap in 2010 and moved to Salisbury.
The poisoning incident has soured relations between Russia and many British allies including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats on both sides.
Yulia was discharged from Salisbury District Hospital in April and her father was discharged from the same hospital in May. Both were taken to an undisclosed location for their protection.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Thomas L. Nye, 65 of Tiffin, passed away Friday, December 8, 2017 in the emergency room at Tiffin Mercy Hospital. Arrangements are pending at the Engle-Shook Funeral Home & Crematory in Tiffin. Online condolences may be left for the family at www.engleshookfuneralhome.com.
Comments
comments
Satellite imagery from NOAA's GOES-West satellite showed vertical wind shear was already tearing Tropical Storm Jova apart just two days after it formed. By August 14, the storm weakened into a post-tropical cyclone.
Tropical Storm Jova formed around 11 p.m. EDT on Friday, August 11. Now, wind shear it tearing the storm apart.
At 12:45 p.m. EDT (1500 UTC) on Sunday, August 13, NOAA's GOES-West satellite captured a visible image of Tropical Depression Jova that showed wind shear was pushing most of the clouds southwest of the center of circulation. That wind shear is causing the demise of the depression.
NOAA manages the GOES series of satellites. NASA/NOAA's GOES Project at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland uses the satellite data to create imagery.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) said at 11 a.m. EDT on August 13 "conventional satellite imagery and an earlier composite microwave (image) pass show that the fully exposed low-level center is becoming more ill-defined, particularly in the northeastern portion of the circulation."
At that time, the center of Tropical Depression Jova was located near 20.4 degrees north latitude and 117.4 degrees west longitude. That puts the center about 431 miles (694 km) west-northwest of Socorro Island. The depression was moving toward the west near 14 mph (22 kph). Maximum sustained winds were near 35 mph (55 kph) with higher gusts. The estimated minimum central pressure is 1005 millibars.
On Monday, August 14, 2017 at 2:30 a.m. EDT (0630 UTC) Jova was no longer a tropical cyclone and classified as a post-tropical cyclone. Post-tropical cyclone Jova was centered near 20 degrees north latitude and 121 degrees west longitude, about 630 nautical miles west-southwest of the southern tip of Baja California. The estimated minimum central pressure was 1006 millibars and the maximum sustained winds were near 23 knots.
Jova is forecast to weaken and dissipate by August 17.
For forecast updates on Jova, visit: http://www. nhc. noaa. gov .
###
The first half of 2018 was certainly eventful for the GNU Compiler Collection (GCC) with the stable release of GCC8, feature development on GCC9 kicking off, and all the associated fun.The stable GCC 8.1 debut brought with it initial C++2A support, initial Intel Cannonlake and Icelake CPU enablement, Profile Guided Optimization improvements and other optimization passes work, Intel CET, Qualcomm Saphira CPU support and other ARM CPU improvements, C17 language support, updates for the Go and Fortran languages, AMD HSA IL / BRING improvements, and a whole lot of other work that built up over the past year. GCC 8.1 was officially released in early May while all feature work is now focused on GCC 9 that should debut as stable around the end of Q1'2019.Among the GCC 9 work that was carried out in the first half of this year included much better GCC bash completion support dropping Intel MPX , compiler-assisted performance analysis, Ada language support improvements, AMD HSA / BRIG improvements, dropping support for older ARM architectures, and more. Of course, expect much more feature work on GCC 9 to happen during the second half of this year.For those wondering how the GCC compiler performance is looking when using a SVN snapshot from the end of last year to the end of H1'2018, here's a look at some of the compiler benchmarks where there was a notable difference.Fhourstones exhibited some small performance improvements on the tested systems.SciMark2 saw slight improvements on a subset of the tested Linux systems.Most tests though saw none or very minimal performance changes with the GCC code churn over the past six months.The AVX-heavy Himeno saw some nice performance improvements on the Intel Core systems but Ryzen appearing to regress.The Ebizzy server synthetic benchmark improved with the Xeon rig.The C-Ray ray-tracer was running faster with the newer GCC code.Over on LinuxBenchmarking.com we continue to put out new GCC benchmarks of the tests being built under the latest daily GCC SVN code on a bi-daily basis.It will certainly be interesting to see what the GNU toolchain developers have in store for H2-2018!
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Inspectors opened 1,352 new investigations, 28 percent more than last year. The BBI also looked into 535 bank accounts, which is one third up on 2016.
The Belgian taxman has a better knowledge of the cash Belgians are keeping in 53 other countries, including Luxemburg. "This means we have more information at our disposal. And it will keep growing, as this year we will be receiving new data on bank accounts in Switzerland. This gives us more scope, and improved data analyses are rendering more information, to allow us to tackle fraud more efficiently", says Finance Minister Johan Van Overtveldt.
Those found dodging taxes, risk a fine or paying extra tax on the cash they had been hiding. The BBI employs 634 people. "They work efficiently, and staff numbers will be boosted."
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
CTV Atlantic
A rally has been planned at Halifax's Edward Cornwallis statue as a show of solidarity for the victims of the race riots in Charlottesville this weekend.
Hundreds of protesters gathered peacefully in Toronto on Monday to demonstrate in front of the United States consulate.
The rally was meant to express opposition to white supremacists and racism after a United the Right rally turned violent in Charlottesville, Va. Many at that rally were seen carrying symbols of hatred, including Confederate flags and Nazi paraphernalia.
“It's terrifying. Sometimes it feels that we're living in dystopian novel,” says Rabbi Raysh Weiss of the Shaar Shalom Synagogue in Halifax.
Rabbi Raysh Weiss moved to Halifax last year from the United States, and says while things are somewhat friendlier, she's noticed people are becoming more quick to anger.
“Even here I feel like there are moments where you just see that civil discourse slipping away. It's like a contagion,” says Weiss.
Reaction came at all levels in Halifax, including from Mayor Mike Savage, who tweeted that he and all Canadian mayors stand with the mayor of Charlottesville in condemning neo-Nazi and fascist behavior.
“It's a terrible thing to see that kind of hatred and anger spew out at any time,” Savage says “It's just not right. That's just not an acceptable way to react to things that you don't like.”
The marchers in Virginia originally gathered to save a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee from being torn down. Some say Savage faces a similar conflict with controversial city founder Edward Cornwallis's statue.
“We can't react all the time to idiots on the right, alt-right, supremacists,” Savage says. “We have a process here to look at how we deal with the Cornwallis name in Halifax. It's not going to please everybody whatever we do.”
For activist El Jones, that process may no longer be appropriate. She says seemingly small symbols, like statues or flags, can be used to incite much larger acts of violence.
“The question is at what point does it become dangerous or unsafe to maintain these symbols? How long do we need to wait for people to hold a similar event here? How much more proof do we need that these statues are dangerous?” Jones says.
For Jones, the best reaction would be to listen. She says incidents of racism and hatred happen all the time but are often dismissed, which can lead to violence like we've seen in Charlottesville.
“Perhaps next time somebody addresses racism in this community that isn't a cross-burning or a straight out Nazi march with swastika arm bands, it might be more productive for us as communities to actually listen to that rather than getting defensive,” she says.
Halifax's rally will begin Tuesday at 6:30 p.m.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Emily Baron Cadloff.
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) - Pennsylvania Republican Sen. Scott Wagner says he's resigning from his Senate seat on Monday to focus on the governor's race.
Wagner submitted his resignation letter on Wednesday to Senate President Joe Scarnati.
Wagner's spokesman Andrew Romeo says the senator realized the best way to "bring about the most change and do the most good for the commonwealth" is by devoting all of his time and energy to the election.
He will face Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf, who is seeking a second, four-year term.
Wolf says Wagner's decision to resign after missing key votes and one month before the budget deadline "proves that he is the very worst of Harrisburg."
Wagner has held his Senate seat for the past four years.
This March 2017 photo provided by Heidi Bisbee shows Carly Kudzia, 7, with her mother, Heather Unsinger, in Swanton, Ohio. Carly participated in a study suggesting that the drug lonafarnib may extend life for children with progeria, a rare, incurable disease that causes rapid aging. Other kids "always think I'm a baby," Carly says. But "I'm a regular kid." (Heidi Bisbee via AP)
This March 2017 photo provided by Heidi Bisbee shows Carly Kudzia, 7, with her mother, Heather Unsinger, in Swanton, Ohio. Carly participated in a study suggesting that the drug lonafarnib may extend life for children with progeria, a rare, incurable disease that causes rapid aging. Other kids "always think I'm a baby," Carly says. But "I'm a regular kid." (Heidi Bisbee via AP)
CHICAGO (AP) - Children with a rare, incurable disease that causes rapid aging and early death may live longer if treated with an experimental drug first developed for cancer patients, a study suggests.
The small, preliminary study isn't proof the drug works and it found only a small benefit: Treated children with the disease progeria were more likely than others to survive during the two-year study. But some kids taking the drug in this and other studies have lived into their late teens. Researchers and others say the results suggest a potential breakthrough for a heartbreaking condition that typically kills kids before they reach adulthood.
"Anything we can do to try to provide them hope of a longer life is well worth doing and well worth celebrating," said Dr. Francis Collins, director of the National Institutes of Health, who was not part of the new study. A geneticist, Collins led laboratory experiments that in 2003 identified the genetic basis for the disease, formally known as Hutchinson-Gilford progeria.
Among 27 children with progeria who got the drug lonafarnib, one died during the 2007-2010 study. That's compared with nine of 27 untreated children with the disease. Thirteen of the treated children are still alive; most began taking other experimental drugs too.
"For the first time ever we have a drug that is shown to extend lifespan for children with progeria," said lead author Dr. Leslie Gordon of Brown University. Her son was a study participant and died in 2014 at age 17.
The results were published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The study, conducted at Boston Children's Hospital, was unusually designed, comparing children given the drug with other progeria patients worldwide who weren't enrolled in the study. The untreated kids were matched as closely as possible with study participants by age, gender and other characteristics, but they weren't a standard control group and didn't receive dummy medication.
That design weakens the study conclusions, said Dr. Howard Worman, a Columbia University biologist. "You really cannot say anything 'worked' without a contemporary placebo control."
The children in the study were also involved in earlier research testing the same drug combined with two others. Within a period of about five years, survival was extended by about 19 months. It wasn't clear if all three drugs or just one or two of them contributed to the improvement. Lonafarnib also appeared to reduce blood vessel damage.
Average life expectancy for progeria children is about 14 years. Though many die younger, usually from heart attacks or strokes, some lonafarnib-treated kids have lived to their late teens.
For parents, who want to see their children grow up, that sliver of extra time is a bittersweet blessing.
"If you're a mom and you're told that life expectancy is 13 years, that 1.6 years is gold," said Heather Unsinger. Her 7-year-old daughter, Carly, was a study participant and has been taking lonafarnib since age 3. "But it's really hard to jump up and down."
Affected children are typically small, bald and fragile-looking but intellectually normal. Carly "has full-throttle dreams" and envisions becoming an art teacher one day, her mom said.
Other kids "always think I'm a baby," Carly said. But "I'm a regular kid."
Progeria is caused by a mutation in a gene that regulates production of a protein that helps shape and support the nucleus of cells throughout the body. In normal aging, the protein accumulates in cells but in children with progeria, an abnormal buildup occurs that severely damages cells. Lonafarnib helps block that abnormal buildup.
The disease affects about 1 in 20 million people. It is a chance mutation and isn't inherited. Affected children are born looking healthy, but fail to grow normally, lose body fat and hair and develop aged-looking skin, stiff joints and diseased arteries.
Lonafarnib was initially developed as a potential cancer treatment but without much success. Schering Plough/Merck supplied the study drug; the research was paid for by the Progeria Research Foundation.
Gordon, the lead author, and her husband, Dr. Scott Berns, started the foundation in 1999 after their son, Sam, was diagnosed. She is continuing to study lonafarnib and other drugs in kids with progeria.
University of Washington geneticist Dr. Fuki Hisama predicted that lonafarnib will eventually become standard treatment for progeria, though not a cure.
The study "gives other people the message that there is hope for rare diseases," said Hisama, who wrote an accompanying journal editorial.
___
Follow AP Medical Writer Lindsey Tanner on Twitter at @LindseyTanner. Her work can be found here .
___
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
THE CANADIAN PRESS
FREDERICTON -- Ottawa is imposing strict new measures on the lobster fishery in the Gulf of St. Lawrence in an effort to protect North Atlantic right whales.
A total of 18 North Atlantic right whales were killed in Canadian and U.S. waters last year -- mainly due to vessel strikes and entanglement in fishing gear.
There are only about 450 of the whales left, and many spend their summers feeding in the Gulf.
Moira Brown, senior research scientist with the Canadian Whale Institute, said unless the numbers change, the North Atlantic right whale could become functionally extinct in less than 25 years.
The new measures announced by the Department of Fisheries and Oceans on Tuesday include restrictions on the amount of rope used.
"No rope attaching a lobster trap to a primary buoy shall remain floating on the surface of the water after the lobster trap has been set," the new rules state.
It will be mandatory to report any lost gear.
"The new management measure will help quantify the amount of gear lost annually and identify the need to increase efforts to retrieve gear that has been lost, which would reduce the risks of whale entanglements."
Lobster fishermen are also required to report all whale sightings and document any interactions such as collisions or entanglements.
When whales are spotted, an area around them will be temporarily closed to fishing.
"Closures will be in force for a minimum period of 15 days and will be extended by 15 days from the last North Atlantic right whale sighting."
The department is also imposing a static closure in an area where 90 per cent of the whale observations occurred in 2017 to provide a large gear-free area for the whales.
Similar measures had already been imposed on the Gulf-region crab fishery.
On Monday, New Brunswick Liberal MP Karen Ludwig put forward a private member's motion in the House of Commons, in an effort to have the Standing Committee on Fisheries and Oceans do a study on all endangered species of whales in Canada.
Rory Feek came to national prominence as the dedicated husband and musical partner of his late wife, Joey, but in a new memoir the country singer opens up about his imperfect past — including his decision to sleep with his friend's wife.
This may come as a shock to Joey + Rory fans, especially after the duo won a Grammy for best roots gospel album this past weekend. During the pre-show, Feek gave a tear-filled speech in which he dedicated their first Grammy win to his wife, who died of cancer last March.
Feek shared their love story on his widely read blog, and created moving videos so their daughter, Indiana (who has Down syndrome and turns 3 on Friday), can remember her mother.
“I'd like to think that Joey is proud of how I'm doing – how we're all doing, especially Indiana,” Feek told PEOPLE last fall. “She took so much pride in the work of being a mama to Indy, and I find myself thinking of her every day, all day long in the time that Indy and I spend together and the things we do, wondering how she would handle this, or do that.”
Now, in his new autobiography, This Life I Live, out Tuesday, he proves that even the most beautiful love stories can have messy beginnings. Here are five surprising revelations from the book:
1. He slept with his friend's wife — and then they moved in together
Feek writes that as a young Marine he was home on a weekend pass when he and some of his friends went to visit a pal. His friend wasn't there, but his friend's wife (and the mother of young boys) entertained the crew. According to Feek, he and the woman were very drunk “and then it happened.”
He writes that the next morning they were sitting at the kitchen table and “she was asking about the future.”
“She told me that we should come clean, that we were in love and should let everybody know it,” Feek writes. “I was still drunk. Exhausted. Reeling from what had happened the night before. It had felt like love … Maybe it was. I looked up and saw my friend's wife looking at me like she cared about me. I said, ‘Okay, let's do it.' ”
In This Life I Live, Feek writes that his friend's wife and children moved in with him for six months, but “in the end it didn't work out.”
“She still loved him. My friend,” he writes. “And so with tears streaming down my face, I took her and those little boys to the airport and watched as they boarded a plane to try to go back and resume the life they had. Meanwhile, mine had been wrecked.”
(The friend later forgave him, Feek claims.)
2. He once waited 24 hours to treat an older daughter's broken leg — because he didn't have health insurance
Feek has two daughters from a previous relationship, and raised them as a single father before he met Joey. Money was often lacking so they never had insurance. As a result, he writes that “being sick wasn't allowed because we couldn't afford it.”
“Seriously,” he adds. “I never said it out loud, but the kids knew that was how we lived.”
So when his daughter Heidi was 5 years old and broke her leg on the playground, he didn't take her to the ER immediately. Feek writes that he called the “ask-a-nurse hotline.” Because Heidi didn't have a fever or swelling he assumed she was “probably okay.” He finally took her to the ER the next day and that's when he saw the X-ray.
“I looked at the fracture, and tears poured down my face,” Feek remembers. “Partly because I realized how much pain Heidi had been in for the last twenty-four hours and partly because I hated living that way. Hated that I couldn't provide better for them.”
Later, he managed to “skip out on the [hospital] bill.”
WATCH:Rory Feek Explains The Joy of Rewatching Home Movies of his Wife Joey
3. Feek gave his sister money to open a store — but he's the one who ended up with something precious
The country singer also opened up about his generosity — and how his good deed was paid back exponentially.
Feek writes that he decided to give his sister Marcy, who had her first child when she was 15, money to open her own store: “I knew no one had ever done anything like that for her. She couldn't stop crying. I held her as her tears ran down my shirt. It was so, so beautiful.”
While the store wasn't a huge success, Feek writes that “something even more beautiful came out of it. Joey.”
The store hosted songwriters' nights, which brought Joey into Feek's life.
“I think it happened because I wasn't worrying about my dreams or my girls or finding someone,” Feek adds. “I was giving. Instead of taking. For the first time, really.”
4. Both Joey and Rory were dating other people when they first met
“[Joey] told me she was dating a wonderful guy, up in Indiana, and that they'd been together for a year and a half and she was probably going to marry him,” Feek remembers Joey (née Martin) telling him on the phone. “But she wanted to tell me that if things were different, if the timing were better, maybe she and I would be together.”
The presence of other people didn't stop them from having their first “date” at a truck stop. Rory and Joey continued talking sporadically until Valentine's Day arrived. According to This Life I Live, Joey called Rory to tell him she had split with her boyfriend and asked Feek to meet her.
“I hung up the phone and called the girl I was dating and told her it was over,” writes Feek. “God had just moved a mountain, right in front of me. And I was going to see what was on the other side.”
RELATED VIDEO: Rory Feek Gets Emotional Honoring Wife Joey After Losing Her to Cancer
5. Joey initially did not want children
According to Feek, Joey disliked babies so much that “in the first ten years we were married, [Joey] wouldn't pick up or hold a baby, even if it was one of her sisters' children.”
So, when Joey married Rory she made it clear there would be no children. But then, 10 years after they first said their wedding vows, Joey changed her mind.
“[Joey] said she was ready to give God everything. Even the part that scared her the most. Getting pregnant and having a baby,” writes Feek.
When he asked her if she really wanted a baby, she replied, “No … but even more than that, I want what God wants.”
Though they struggled with a traumatic birth and the news that their daughter had Down syndrome, Joey soon wanted more children. While Joey's cancer diagnosis prevented that from happening, Feek writes that it was their daughter who inspired Joey to fight for as long as she did.
The November before her death, Feek remembers Joey saying, “I think I'll be here to see Indiana's birthday in February.”
Neither her husband nor her family believed her, but to their surprise Joey did live long enough to see Indy “blow out her little ‘2' candle and rub a paleo cupcake all over her face, laughing and grinning ear to ear,” writes Feek.
For Feek, “it was a miracle.”
TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio zoo's polar bear is off to Chicago to find love.
The Toledo Zoo says its 21-year-old female bear named Nan has been moved to the Brookfield Zoo near Chicago to see if she will breed with the zoo's male bear.
Nan moved into her new home this week where she's separated by a fence from her potential mate named Hudson.
The Brookfield Zoo says the bears will spend a little time getting to know each other before moving in together.
The move was arranged by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums and its polar bear species survival program.
Keepers at the Toledo Zoo say Nan is genetically important because she was born in the wild and discovered as an orphan cub near Barrow, Alaska.
Comments
comments
There are huge delays on the M5 in Gloucestershire this evening, with police stopping all traffic on one carriageway.
Police have alerted motorists that lane one and two of the three lane northbound carriage way between J10 for Cheltenham and J9 for Tewkesbury are closed due to a crash.
Traffic in the remaining lane has also been stopped to allow emergency services to access the scene.
At 5pm officers were holding back traffic while emergency services dealt with the incident, causing long delays.
It comes after two people have been injured after a serious crash on the A40 .
Two vehicles were involved in the incident which took place at Little Barrington between Northleach and Burford.
The road is closed in both directions after the crash which happened at about 3.50pm on a busy stretch of the road.
More details to follow on this unfolding incident below.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A popular kebab van has been named in the top six across the UK, but they need your help to steer them to victory.
George Bodrums Kebabs in Longlevens is one of six finalists in the running for the Kebab Van of the Year Award.
Gloucester's food vans have come out on top again, as Charlie's Kebab van in Coney Hill was also named our readers' favourite kebab spot in the city.
The beloved doner kebab has a special place in the hearts of us Brits with its winning combination of tender meat, pitta and a generous dollop of sauce.
(Image: George Bodrums Kebabs Facebook)
George Bodrums is up against five other vans for the title: Atalay's Kebab Van (Thame), Diamond Kebab (Cambridge), Hassan's (Oxford), Ozzy Kebab (Downham Market) and Billericay Kebab Van.
Comments on George Bodrums Kebabs Facebook page give glowing reports of the van - which also serves chicken and burgers.
One reviewer wrote: "The food is always absolutely amazing and George is probably one of the nicest, friendliest guys I've ever met!"
Another added: "Super tasty thank you George."
(Image: Getty)
The British Kebab Awards 2018 are sponsored by Just Eat and also include categories for best delivery, chef of the year and newcomer.
The winners will be decided at a glittering ceremony at the Westminster Park Plaza Hotel on Monday, March 12.
To vote for George Bodrums Kebabs as the winner of the Best Kebab Van Award click here.
Funeral services for Vernell “Nell” Morgan Staggs, 87, of Sarepta were held at 10 a.m. Tuesday, June 13, 2017 at Kings Corner Assembly of God with Pastor James Lowe officiating. Interment followed at the Old Sarepta Cemetery under the direction of Bailey Funeral Home in Springhill.
Visitation was held from 5 until 8 p.m. Monday, June 12, at Bailey Funeral Home in Springhill.
Mrs. Staggs left her earthly home on Sunday, June 11, 2017, at Minden Medical Center following a massive stroke after having hip surgery. She was born on June 20, 1929 to Horace Luther “Luke” Morgan and Nancy Mahilda Dover Morgan in Sarepta. Nell married the love of her life, Leo Riley “Sonny” Staggs on March 20, 1946, in Magnolia, Arkansas. Shortly after marriage, they moved to Houston to find employment. In Houston, Nell and Sonny managed several apartment complexes and adopted many of the residents as their own children. They also raised their three grandchildren.
Grandma was always the one who provided the discipline. She was a stern woman who very rarely said “I love you” but showed it by providing for her family, which she said was done the same way by her parents. After retirement, Nell and her family returned back to Sarepta where she enjoyed cooking, attending church, and the great-grandchildren.
She is preceded in death by her husband of 62 years, Sonny Staggs; her parents; sisters, Tempie Henson, Ruby Pickard, Ruth Gish Shepard, Cecile Driggers; and brothers, Howard, Talmadge, Harlon, William Ambrose, J. A., and Wallace Morgan.
Nell is survived by her daughter, Shirley Giddings and husband, Charles of Sarepta; grandchildren, Randall and Heather Alfred of Sarepta, Colette
Alfred-Sikes and Jody Sikes, and Chuck Warford, all of Minden; great-grandchildren, Cameron Alfred and wife, Baillie, Presley, Kielerr, and Chastan Alfred, all of Sarepta; great-great-grandson, Lincoln; her brothers, Freddie Ray Morgan of Lake Erling, Harold Gene Morgan and wife, Virginia, of Springhill, Horace “Big Boy” Morgan and wife, Gloria Jean, of Porterville; brother-in-law, Eugene Basinger of West Memphis; and sister-in-law, Joyce Boyett, of Sibley.
Serving as pallbearers will be Gavin Morgan, Butch Basinger, Gary Don Basinger, Wendell Wright, Jimmy Harrison, and Wayne Nuckolls.
Sign our online guest book at www.baileyfuneralhome.net
Related
Comments
comments
QUID HAS HEARD that both sides of the aisle are “yuge-ly” going for the gusto these days. Seems that the President Orange Blossom isn't the only novice politician claiming every ribbon is blue. Seems that political newcomer Jason Crow is tooting his own horn loudly and a little off key. Crow joins Aurora lawyer David Aarestad and Bernie-dude Gabriel McArthur in the race for the Democratic nomination. In a release Tuesday, the Stapleton Democratic Dream candidate for Aurora's 6th Congressional District — a dedicated dad, a decorated vet and a darned nice guy — announced that the good news in ways of endorsements for the Democratic nomination just keep rolling. First, there was former Sen. Mark Udall. That was big. Then, there was former Aurora state Rep. Karen Middleton. That's nice, too. But this week, the drums really rolled as he announced the name of names to name him the guy to run against Mike Coffman next year: and the winner is, “New Politics.” Uh huh, your faithful hack had no idea, either. No, not the Danish band that hogs up pages of Google query listings, and not the group of socialists either. This is newpolitics.org, a group that backs military and “service” group vets to run for elected office. They can't crow loud enough about Jason, and Crow returns the favor in his announcement. But looking around, reporters at this fish wrapper quickly noticed that they also tout those from the Peace Corps, Americorps and somebody that had a job at the United Nations. In fact, they're also boasting about former Democratic state Sen. Mike Johnston, one of the hundreds of candidates for Colorado governor next year. Johnston's service creds? “Teach for America.” How nice. But Quid and voters don't like or want nice. We want free health care and cheap gas. Start talking.
AND QUID HAS HEARD that there are bigger questions than whether Colorado's election systems were among the 39 states hit by Russian Hackers in their ceaseless efforts to get America to elect and then like Donald Trump. Gushing Washington leaks reveal that Putin's boys and girls were able to break into state election systems all over the country. While we're being assured by assuring government types that the Russians broke into systems but didn't actually elect Trump, yours truly can't help but wonder any other way to explain America's total breakdown in commons sense. More important than if Pooty did it and what he did to those other 39 states is why not us? What's wrong with Colorado voters that they don't deserve and warrant a hacking like most of the rest of the country? Who cares what Nebraska and Oklahoma do? Everyone knows that this mighty place is the new center of the Cool Universe. We have legal weed and more craft breweries than Heaven. Of course, there's the reality check thing, however. Pretty easy to believe that places like Wisconsin and Michigan could elect his Orangeness, but Colorado? It would have been a dead-Russian giveaway.
AND THAT'S ALL THE NEWS THAT FITS.
Wayne Elementary Boosters (WEB) is hosting a free-will donation dinner at the Open House on Monday, Aug. 14 from 5-7 p.m. in the elementary school cafeteria.
Those attending the open house are encouraged to visit the WEB table to order school t-shirts and hoodies or buy Lil' Blue car decals and wall stickers. WEB now accepts credit cards.
For more info, visit the new, mobile-friendly website at www.wayneweb.org.
WEB has also announced that Bike to School Fridays officially kicks off at Wayne Elementary on Friday, Aug. 18. Wayne Elementary Boosters (WEB) encourages students to bike to school on their own or with parents, weather permitting, every Friday.
Students can use the bike racks on the north side of the school, which were donated by the Wayne Rotary Club.
"Remember to wear your helmets for safety, lock up your bike, and take your gear to class. Drivers, thank you for sharing the road with our student bikers!" said WEB member Sandy Brown.
Information and Communication Technology (ICT) can revolutionize the Nigerian education sector, which is currently facing severe challenges, just like it has done to the banking sector if stakeholders in the sector begin to embrace it more.
This was disclosed by the C.E.O. Ynet Interactive, Mr. Chuka Okoye during a free workshop organised for school proprietors, teachers and other stakeholders from both public and private schools within Abuja and environs. The workshop focused on ‘School Automation' and how such solutions can be used to eliminate the challenges, inefficiencies and inadequacies of the manual management systems used in most educational institutions.
Speaking also at the workshop, the General Manager, Ynet Interactive, Mrs. Uzo Okpaka, said that the aim
of the workshop was to add value to the education sector, on the relevance of ICT, and to equip school owners with the necessary information they need to manage their internal processes.
She said “The workshop will empower schools to make the right decisions in the area of school automation, help them bridge ICT gaps in their schools and help them make critical and informed choices when deploying IT in their schools.” She added that although this is the first edition of the workshop, she was impressed with the response and enthusiasm displayed by participants for the event.
Some of the challenges that can be dealt with through the application include effective planning and management of the institutions, more efficient processing of large volumes of data as well as addressing fraud and other corrupt practices.
One of the participants, Mr. Mohammed Abass, commended the organizers of the event for putting together the workshop, and added that for schools to properly compete and stay relevant, in the 21st Century, they must adopt ICT and ensure that their schools are automated.
In the same vein, the C.E.O. Ynet Interactive, Mr Chuka Okoye, said the event would be held as frequently as possible based on the feedback they got from the participants at the workshop.
He said “Most of the attendees want it as frequent as possible, so we plan to satisfy their yearnings by making it a regular event because technology is dynamic and we need to keep our customers abreast of changes in their sector.”
On the importance of ICT, he stated that schools automation which is just one aspect of ICT, eases the burden of teaching and makes the teachers' job a lot easier, he added that ICT has the capacity to revolutionize the education sector, just like it did to banking.
He further stated that schools that are yet to be fully automated should gradually begin the process as this will positively impact on the school, and the students.
Another participant, Mrs. Ogechi Ogbuosisi also thanked the organizers for the knowledge she gained at the workshop and said it was an “eye opener” and believes ICT will enable schools to be more productive, both in their management processes and in the quality of education their students will get.
Adding his voice to the impact of ICT in education, the Solutions Sales Manager Ynet Interactive Mr. Stanley Tamunoseimieibi emphasized, “ICT encourages interaction in the classroom as opposed to monologues”
He further enjoined schools that did not participate in the workshop to make out time and attend the next one, as this will help them with the information they require to upgrade their service delivery.
Ynet Interactive Ltd. is a Nigeria based Information Technology solutions outfit that focuses on delivering high-performance and scalable web, software & ICT products and solutions to different industries. They have vast experience in developing and maintaining successful software products, mobile applications, e-commerce portals, marketplaces, social networks, real-time business analytics and composite sync and integrations.
It appears LSU's 29-9 win over Louisville in the Citrus Bowl was the final college game for Tigers defensive lineman Davon Godchaux, who reportedly is bypassing his senior season to turn pro. Talented #LSU DT Davon Godchaux just decided to apply for early entry into the 2017 NFL Draft, I'm told. Likely selected in the […]
The post Report: LSU DL Davon Godchaux is heading to the NFL appeared first on Gridiron Now.
Visit footballrumormill.com for the latest news and rumors or follow them on Twitter @fbrumormill
By News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
CUMBERLAND (WLNE) — A Cumberland woman living with Spinal Muscular Atrophy will be featured in an ESPN documentary airing Sunday morning ahead of the Super Bowl. Anchor Liz Tufts has the details.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2018
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
When stepping down Friday, Missouri governor will be conceding political defeat while still defiantly asserting he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
When stepping down Friday, Missouri governor will be conceding political defeat while still defiantly asserting he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Missouri governor says fight not over, even in surrender
Missouri governor says fight not over, even in surrender
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the city's two largest resort operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the city's two largest resort operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
Oregon chose to keep the entry barriers for legal pot low to bring black market marijuana growers out of the shadows, but those early regulatory decisions have created an unintended consequence: a massive oversupply of legal weed.
Oregon chose to keep the entry barriers for legal pot low to bring black market marijuana growers out of the shadows, but those early regulatory decisions have created an unintended consequence: a massive...
(AP Photo/Andrew Selsky, File). FILE - In this Sept. 30, 2016, file photo, a marijuana harvester examines buds going through a trimming machine near Corvallis, Ore. Three years after Oregon lawmakers created the state's new legal marijuana program, mar...
(AP Photo/Andrew Selsky, File). FILE - In this Sept. 30, 2016, file photo, a marijuana harvester examines buds going through a trimming machine near Corvallis, Ore. Three years after Oregon lawmakers created the state's new legal marijuana program, mar...
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and...
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and...
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
By ANDREW DALTON
AP Entertainment Writer
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The estate of Michael Jackson sued ABC and parent company Disney on Wednesday, saying a two-hour documentary on the singer's last days improperly used the King of Pop's songs, music videos and movies.
The lawsuit filed in federal court in Los Angeles alleges that last week's special, "The Last Days of Michael Jackson," illegally uses significant excerpts of his most valuable songs, including "Billie Jean" and "Bad," and music videos, including "Thriller" and "Black or White."
It also says ABC used clips from the estate's 2016 Spike Lee-directed documentary, "Michael Jackson's Journey from Motown to Off the Wall," and from the 2009 feature film "Michael Jackson's This is It."
The lawsuit alleges at least 30 violations and seeks unspecified damages and an injunction against further use of the estate's intellectual property.
It frequently cites Disney's aggressive defense of its own copyrights and its normally narrow view of "fair use," the doctrine in copyright law that says short excerpts can be used for news, criticism and research.
"Like Disney, the lifeblood of the estate's business is its intellectual property," the lawsuit says. "Yet for some reason, Disney decided it could just use the estate's most valuable intellectual property for free."
Representatives from ABC said they had not yet reviewed the lawsuit but reiterated a statement from last week that the special was a piece of journalism and "did not infringe on his estate's rights."
As a work of news, the special would be entitled to fair use of excerpts of Jackson's work, but the lawsuit dismisses the idea that the documentary had any news value, calling it "a mediocre look back at Michael Jackson's life and entertainment career."
The lawsuit says warning letters sent to Disney attorneys before the airing went unanswered.
The special focused on Jackson's apparent decline in the run-up to his death on June 25, 2009. The 50-year-old left behind heirs that include his mother and three children.
Jackson died of acute intoxication of propofol, a prescription anesthetic he had been taking as a sleep aid during preparations for a series of comeback concerts.
Former cardiologist Conrad Murray was convicted in 2011 of involuntary manslaughter for giving Jackson a fatal dose of the drug. He served two years in jail, and his conviction was upheld in 2014.
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gloucester City will begin their 2018-19 National League South campaign with a long trip to Concord Rangers.
The fixtures for the new season have now been released and the Tigers will start against a side who finished three places below them in 17th last season.
The first home game for Marc Richards' side is against Oxford City at Evesham's Jubilee Stadium on Tuesday, August 7 and they face Slough at the same ground on Saturday, August 11 before a trip to Bath City on Tuesday, August 14.
One of the most eye-catching figures is the home game against Torquay United, managed by former Forest Green player and manager Gary Owers, on Monday, August 27 after the Gulls were relegated from the non-league's top tier last season.
The Tigers will play Weston-Super-Mare away and at home on Boxing Day and New Year's Day respectively.
Gloucester will finish the campaign away to Woking.
Gloucester City's 2018-19 fixtures
Sat Aug 4 Concord Rangers A
Tue Aug 7 Oxford City H
Sat Aug 11 Slough Town H
Tue Aug 14 Bath City A
Sat Aug 18 East Thurrock United H
Sat Aug 25 Dulwich Hamlet A
Mon Aug 27 Torquay United H
Sat Sep 1 Hungerford Town A
Sat Sep 8 Truro City H
Sat Sep 15 Chippenham Town A
Sat Sep 22 Emirates FA Cup 2Q
SatSep 29 Eastbourne Borough H
Sat Oct 6 Emirates FA Cup 3Q
Sat Oct 13 Billericay Town A
SatOct 20 Woking H
Sat Oct 27 Welling United A
Mon Oct 29 Wealdstone A
Sat Nov 3 Dartford H
SatNov 10 Hemel Hempstead Town A
Sat Nov 17 St. Albans City H
Sat Nov 24 Buildbase FA Trophy 3Q
Sat Dec 1 Chelmsford City A
SatDec 8 Hampton & Richmond Borough H
Sat Dec 15 Buildbase FA Trophy 1
Sat Dec 22 Dulwich HamletH
Wed Dec 26 Weston-super-Mare A
Sat Dec 29 Torquay United A
Tue Jan 1 Weston-super-Mare H
Sat Jan 5 East Thurrock United A
Sat Jan 12 Hungerford Town H
Sat Jan 19 Oxford City A
Sat Jan 26 Bath City H
Sat Feb 2 Slough Town A
Sat Feb 9 Concord Rangers H
Sat Feb 16 Hampton & Richmond Borough A
Sat Feb 23 Chelmsford City H
Sat Mar 2 Wealdstone H
Sat Mar 9 Dartford A
Sat Mar 16 Hemel Hempstead Town H
Sat Mar 23 St. Albans City A
Sat Mar 30 Welling United H
Sat Apr 6 Eastbourne Borough A
Sat Apr 13 Billericay Town H
Sat Apr 20 Truro City A
Mon Apr 22 Chippenham Town H
Sat Apr 27 Woking A
Win Tickets To Erebus Haunted Attraction In Downtown Pontiac!Listen Thursday, October 12th for your chance to win tickets to the Erebus Haunted Attraction in Downtown Pontiac! Erebus, is the four story tower of terror located in Pontiac, Michigan, serving terrifying thrills, unforgettable moments of laughter, and blood curdling screams.
Miller Lite Tailgate ChallengeDo you have the best tailgate in Metro Detroit? 97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to see if you are the ultimate tailgater!
Miller Lite Appearance – Buffalo Wild Wings97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Buffalo Wild Wings in Washington Township on October 6 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Steelers on October 29 at Ford Field.
Jamie and Stoney Lions Ticket Giveaway - SORRY, THIS CONTEST HAS ENDEDMiller Lite and Jamie and Stoney want to give you tickets to see the Detroit Lions vs Carolina on October 29 at Ford Field. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on October 6 between 6:00am – 10:00am for your chance to win.
College Station Man Dies During A Fight
College Station police report a local man who died during a fight last Tuesday was due to a major heart attack.
That's according to preliminary autopsy findings in the death of 38 year old Ross Batten of College Station.
According to a CSPD news release, Batten had kicked down the door of a home last Tuesday morning and started a fight with another man, Tyrone Shephard.
Detectives were told Shephard's live-in girlfriend called Batten telling Batten she had been struck by Shephard.
Shephard was arrested at the time of the incident for a class A misdemeanor family violence assault where he is accused of striking the woman.
Shephard has not been charged with any other crime.
Anyone with additional information is asked to call CSPD at 979-764-3600.
From College Station police:
On 4/11/17 at 3:25 AM College Station Police Officers responded to the 2400 block of Bosque Drive in reference to a 911 call requesting medical aid. Upon arrival officers met a man identified as Tyrone Shephard outside the residence. He directed the officers into the residence to an unconscious male that was not breathing. Officers began CPR on the individual and were eventually relieved by College Station Fire Department EMTs. The male, later identified as 38 year old Ross Batten was pronounced deceased shortly after.
The on-scene investigation revealed that a 26 year old female resident and Tyrone Shephard lived together at this residence. The two had an argument earlier that night and Shephard assaulted the female with his fists. She sustained non-life threatening injuries that did not require medical treatment.
The female called Ross Batten and told him that Shephard had assaulted her. Batten then responded to the residence, forced his way inside by kicking in the front door and started a fight with Shephard. During the fight Batten fell to the floor and stopped breathing. The female involved called the police department at that time requesting help.
College Station Police Detectives were called to the scene to investigate. An autopsy on Ross Batten was ordered by a local Justice of the Peace. Preliminary findings indicate that Mr. Batten suffered a major heart attack during the fight and it is believed that this was the cause of his death.
Tyrone Shephard was arrested on scene for a class A Family Violence Assault. He has not been charged with any other crime. This case is still under investigation. Anyone with information regarding this incident is asked to contact the College Station Police Department at 979-764-3600.
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest Pause
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
1:52 Phil Kornblut: The message Muschamp must sell on recruiting trail
6:35 Hurst, Allen-Williams with key takeaways from bowl game
1:53 911 call from domestic incident involving S.C. legislator Chris Corley
FILE - In this Oct. 16, 2017, file photo, Tennessee Titans inside linebacker Avery Williamson (54) closes in on Indianapolis Colts tight end Jack Doyle (84) during the second half of an NFL football game in Nashville, Tenn. The New York Jets announced the signing of Williamson on Sunday, March 18, 2018. (AP Photo/Mark Zaleski, File)
FILE - In this Oct. 16, 2017, file photo, Tennessee Titans inside linebacker Avery Williamson (54) closes in on Indianapolis Colts tight end Jack Doyle (84) during the second half of an NFL football game in Nashville, Tenn. The New York Jets announced the signing of Williamson on Sunday, March 18, 2018. (AP Photo/Mark Zaleski, File)
NEW YORK (AP) - Teddy Bridgewater is getting a fresh start in a new place that suddenly has a crowded quarterbacks room - and could be adding another signal caller soon.
The New York Jets signed the former Minnesota Vikings star to a one-year contract, making the deal official Sunday.
Bridgewater's signing comes a day after the Jets traded up to acquire the No. 3 overall pick in the NFL draft from the Colts - likely with the intention of assuring themselves of getting one of the top available quarterbacks. New York dealt its first-rounder - No. 6 overall - along with two second-rounders and next year's second-rounder for Indianapolis' top pick this year.
The Jets have re-signed Josh McCown , who will likely head into the offseason programs as the starting quarterback, but both he and Bridgewater are on one-year deals.
So, the focus next month in the draft will be on finding the future of the franchise. New York also has Bryce Petty and Christian Hackenberg on the roster, along with Joel Stave, but none appear to be viable candidates for the starting job - and their roster spots could be in serious jeopardy.
On a busy Sunday, New York also announced the signings of former Titans linebacker Avery Williamson and former Redskins center Spencer Long, along with the re-signings of cornerback Morris Claiborne, defensive lineman Mike Pennel and safety Terrence Brooks.
The 25-year-old Bridgewater could give McCown - and presumably whomever New York takes in the draft - a run in training camp if completely healthy. He's still looking to return from a serious knee injury in August 2016 that sidelined him for most of the past two years. He threw just two passes last season for the Vikings, including one that was intercepted.
"I'm excited about the direction we're headed in," Bridgewater told the Jets' website. "I'm excited to be a part of something that can be very special and I just look forward to getting to work with the guys and a great year."
Bridgewater was a first-round pick in 2014 out of Louisville and was largely considered a rising star at his position. He made the Pro Bowl after his second NFL season, but his career was thrust into uncertainty when he suffered a serious non-contact knee injury during a team practice the following summer. Bridgewater tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and dislocated the knee joint, along with other structural damage.
For his career, Bridgewater has thrown for 6,150 yards and 28 touchdowns with 22 interceptions and a 64.7 percent completion rate. He has also run for four touchdowns. Financial details were not immediately released, but it is believed to be worth $6 million - not including additional incentives.
The 26-year-old Williamson spent his first four NFL seasons with Tennessee and led the Titans in tackles in two of those years. He'll be the replacement at inside linebacker for 29-year-old Demario Davis, who led the Jets in tackles last year with a career season but signed with New Orleans as a free agent after he said New York never offered him a deal.
Instead, the Jets went with the younger Williamson, who has 11½ sacks and 377 tackles with two interceptions and three forced fumbles. He was given a three-year, $22.5 million deal and will combine with Darron Lee to man the middle of New York's linebacker group.
Williamson was a fifth-round pick out of Kentucky in 2014. He became a starter for the Titans early in his rookie season and was a consistent playmaker during his four years with the team.
"I know the defense," Williamson told the team's website of the Jets' 3-4 defensive alignment. "They have great guys up here that can play. This defense is hungry. You have young guys on it who are talented and I feel like I'm going to fit right in. I just have to get in and learn the playbook and get to work."
The Jets also addressed one of their other major needs by signing Long to a four-year deal worth $28 million.
Wesley Johnson was the starting center last season as the replacement for Nick Mangold, but struggled at times and is now a free agent. Long was a third-round draft pick out of Nebraska in 2014 and played both center and guard for the Redskins. He became Washington's starter at center early in the 2016 season after a season-ending injury to Kory Lichtensteiger.
"It took a lot of adjustment physically and mentally," Long said. "It's definitely different having the ball in your hands. In the meeting rooms is where the big changes came because I grew so much mentally as a player when I had to learn the center position. Ever since then, I've been able to build on a solid foundation. I'm excited. I think my best ball is yet to come at that position."
The 27-year-old Long was limited to just seven games last season, though, as he dealt with injuries to both legs and needed surgery on his quadriceps tendon.
Claiborne rejoins the Jets on a one-year deal worth $7 million, including a $3 million signing bonus. He was the team's top cornerback last season, but will now combine with Trumaine Johnson, who signed a five-year, $72.5 million deal earlier this week, to form one of the NFL's most promising secondaries.
Pennel, back on a three-year deal worth $12 million, was a key backup for Todd Bowles' defense last season. He had a career-high 35 tackles in 16 games.
Brooks, who saw lots of playing time at safety and on special teams, was the AFC Defensive Player of the Week after Week 3 with two interceptions against Miami. He signed a two-year contract.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Hall of Femme Honoree Leslie Dukker Doty Wins NOW's Women of Power and Influence Award
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
The Time Inc EVP of consumer marketing and revenue was recognized by the New York chapter
Time Inc EVP of consumer marketing and revenue and 2015 DMN Hall of Femme honoree, Leslie Dukker Doty received the 2017 Women of Power and Influence Award from the New York chapter of the National Organization for Women (NOW) at an awards gala last night.
According to NOW's website, the gala “honors exemplary women who have boldly forged their way to the top of their industries, breaking barriers along the way, and earning the title of pioneer and role model.”
Doty has certainly made an impact on the marketing industry. Before working for media company Time, she served as CMO of Trusted Media Brands Inc (formerly The Reader's Digest Association). Here, she led the relaunch of the Reader's Digest brand and helped the media and direct marketing company acquire 800,000 new customers in 2014, as she noted in her 2015 profile.
She also served as corporate VP of member engagement for CVS Health, where she headed customer marketing strategies and campaigns and drove digital and mobile initiatives, according to her company bio. In addition to these roles, she held executive positions at MasterCard Advisors, Leapfrog Smart Products, SunTrust Bank, and Citi.
Customer centricity has been a focus throughout Doty's career. When asked to provide some marketing advice for her Hall of Femme profile, Doty offered the following: “Track how much time you spend with your customers and your perspective customers versus marketers and businesspeople…. All other things being equal, if you know your customer, you're going to win.”
In addition to Doty, NOW honored five other female executives, including IBM's SVP of legal and regulatory affairs and general counsel Michelle H. Browdy and Credit Suisse's managing director Marinela Tudoran.
It's a small town that became a big family and one thing that family did was not give up. After Richwood was hit hard with the devastating floods that happened a year ago this month. Several residents lost their homes and learned that they could possibly lose their schools for good. But, on Tuesday that changed. Lillian Kutcher resident of Richwood told us, “I was so excited, it has been really been rough and stressful but I am so thankful that they voted against the consolidation. So, we can have our schools for our kids here in town, it means a lot to have the kids school here in Richwood.” And that is exactly where it will be and stay for good.
On Tuesday June 13th, the West Virginia Board of Education voted to reject the Nicholas county school board's proposal to consolidate five schools in Richwood, Summersville and Craigsville. Out of nine board members, only one member voted for consolidation. Now, the people of Richwood say the tears and frustration was well worth the battle. A current student in Richwood school's Dani Evans told us, “I'm really excited that I don't have to go to Summersville for middle school and high school.” While Racheal Rose of Richwood said, “I'm glad that West Virginia is finally starting to see that education is more about the budget, it's about thinking outside the box and bringing these small communities, rural towns close together like Richwood is.”
Mayor of Richwood Bob Henry Baber has been fighting for the town of Richwood since the beginning and is glad the long fight is over. Baber added, “What it's like to go through a flood a thousand year flood and then have to fight for your schools, on top of it, it's really been a lot for everybody to go through. But, you know we're very grateful for the State board, we finally, finally, finally got heard!”
WOAY did try to talk to the Superintendent of Nicholas County School's as well as board members. But, they were all unavailable to comment on the vote of non consolidation and where they will go from here.
Related
Comments
comments
StampNews.com is pleased to present the set of six Isle of Man stamps by Manx artist and designer Adam Berry featuring some of the Island's most beautiful towns and villages. Adam's graphic style is a nod to the golden age of the tourist and transport poster of the twentieth century, when the Island was a leading destination for British seaside holidaymakers.
The issue depicts tourist posters of various places in the island – Peel, Castletown, Onchan, Ramsey, Port St. Mary and Port Erin.
Peel stamp
Traditionally a major fishing port which used to host a huge fishing fleet, Peel remains the most active fishing port on the Isle of Man. It is also a major port for the importation of fuel oils and does host the occasional cruise ship visit.
Castletown stamp
Castletown is a historic town to the south of the Isle of Man and dates back to 1090. The former Manx capital (now Douglas), Castletown has a rich and varied heritage with ancient and interesting period buildings, many constructed of the local silver-grey limestone and many still in use throughout the town today.
Onchan stamp
Onchan is a district and the name of a parish which historically included parts of the capital Douglas. Onchan has a thriving shopping centre and a large pleasure park, as well as glens and nature walks.
Ramsay stamp
Ramsey, capital of the north, is the main town in the north and is known as the island's agriculture town. Named by the Norse as “Wild Garlic River” due to settlements nearby where wild garlic grows in abundance. In the past its harbours saw the shipping of livestock and seed, but that was not all its harbour here saw. It also saw the start of many invasions upon its shores.
Port St Mary stamp
Port St Mary is a classic small harbour in a beautiful setting. It is popular with diving clubs with organised trips to dive sites. Fishing excursions also leave from Port St Mary during the tourist season. The harbour is used by fishing vessels, pleasure craft, occasional commercial coasters and passenger vessels.
Port Erin stamp
Old smuggling site, Victorian sea side dream, or modern town. It can all be found in Port Erin with its sheltered harbour, beautiful beach and shops with almost everything. Port Erin owes much of its existence to the Victorian tourists, who came for the beautiful sandy beach set in an enclosed harbour, local café's and simple gardens.
Young girl drugged and sexually assaulted on highway…Eight men in custody…
Nassau, Bahamas – Police now have three suspects allegedly responsible for the shooting death of a police officer that occurred on Sunday 16th April 2017.
Bahamas Press has confirmed the victim is officer 102 ‘DUCK' GREENSLADE.
According to reports, shortly after 1:00am Police received a report that someone had been shot on Coral Harbour Road. Police on arrival at a service road off Coral Harbor Road, met the lifeless body of an off duty police officer who was shot. The victim was pronounced dead on the scene.
Meanwhile, police are investigation an incident which involved the drugging of a young girl by a group of males. Police have already detained some eight suspects allegedly involved in this horrific crime.
We report yinner decide!
The victim in that fatal shooting tonight in Ridgeland Park Saturday evening has been identified!
We understand the victim be one 21 year old, Quinton Smith AKA Chin Chee…
He is from North Long Island.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
PARIS (Sputnik) — Earlier in the day, French Interior Minister Matthias Fekl confirmed the detention of two suspects , who were allegedly planned to carry out terror attacks during election campaign rallies.
According to the LCI television channel, the authorities consider the detainees, aged 24 and 30, to be "extremely radicalized." The media outlet also noted that they had been hunted down for about ten days. Along with the explosive substance, a pistol and machine gun were also found.
The presidential elections in France will be held in two rounds: the first on April 23 and the second on May 7.
Beverly Hope Mayes, 85, Maryville, died Monday, January 29, 2018.
Services will be at 2 pm, Friday, February 2 at Price Funeral Home, Maryville, with visitation from 1 to 2 pm. Burial will be in Nodaway Memorial Gardens.
Online condolences may be left at pricefuneralhomemaryville.com.
Arrangements are under the direction of Price Funeral Home, Maryville.
During a heart attack, blood stops flowing into the heart; starved for oxygen, part of the heart muscle dies. The heart muscle does not regenerate; instead it replaces dead tissue with scars made of cells called fibroblasts that do not help the heart pump. The heart weakens; most people who had a severe heart attack will develop heart failure, which remains the leading cause of mortality from heart disease.
"Our most important goal is to treat post-heart attack cardiac failure," said Dr. Megumi Mathison, associate professor of surgery at Baylor College of Medicine. "Our approach is to restore cardiac function by reprogramming scar tissue into cardiomyocytes."
In the Laboratory for Cardiac Regeneration, led by Dr. Todd K. Rosengart, professor and chair of surgery and professor of molecular and cellular biology at Baylor, a team of researchers has shown that administration of a cocktail made of transcription factors Gata4, Mef2c and Tbx5 (GMT) results in less scar tissue, or fibrosis, and up to a 50 percent increase in cardiac function in small animal models of the disease.
This result was presumed to be mostly a consequence of the reprograming of heart fibroblasts into cardiomyocyte-like cells. Interestingly, the Rosengart team noticed that reduced fibrosis and improved cardiac function far exceeded the extent of induced new cardiomyocyte-like cells. "This observation suggested the existence of unexplored and non-optimized underlying mechanisms," Rosengart said.
A novel role for Gata4
"We and others had described that, in addition to inducing reprograming of fibroblasts into cardiomyocyte-like cells, the GMT cocktail also induced reduction of post-heart attack fibrosis," Mathison said. "However, not much attention had been paid to the latter."
The research team investigated in more detail how the GMT cocktail activated mechanisms that reduced fibrosis. They found the first evidence that, of the three components in the GMT cocktail, only Gata4 was able to reduce post-heart attack fibrosis and improve cardiac function in a rat model of heart attack.
Further exploration of the molecular mechanism mediating this novel effect showed that administering Gata4 to rat fibroblasts in the lab resulted in reduced expression of Snail, the master gene of fibrosis.
"Gata4 plays a complex role in heart regeneration: as part of the GMT cocktail, it contributes to the reprograming of fibroblasts into cardiomyocyte-like cells; we know it contributes to heart hypertrophy - the development of an enlarged heart - and now we discovered that it alone can decrease cardiac fibrosis," Mathison said. "Others have reported that Gata4 also can suppress liver fibrosis. There is still a lot to be done before we can transfer these discoveries to the bedside, but they are important first steps."
###
Rosengart also is professor of heart and vascular disease at the Texas Heart Institute.
Read all the details of this study in the Journal of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery.
Other contributors to this work include Vivek P. Singh, Deepthi Sanagasetti, Lina Yang, Jaya Pratap Pinnamaneni and Jianchang Yang, all at Baylor College of Medicine.
Financial support was provided by the National Institutes of Health R01.
Scroll for more content...
The North Knox girls basketball team beat Linton 42-34 to win their fourth sectional championship in the last five years.
By AFP - Feb 14,2017 - Last updated at Feb 14,2017
A handout picture released by the Saudi Royal Palace shows Saudi King Salman Bin Abdulaziz meeting with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Riyadh on Tuesday (AFP photo/Saudi Royal Palace/Bandar Al Jaloud)
RIYADH — Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan met Saudi Arabia's top leadership on Tuesday during a visit to further strengthen ties, as part of a Gulf tour ahead of Syria peace talks.
King Salman hosted a luncheon banquet for Erdoğan, who arrived in Riyadh late Monday, the official Saudi Press Agency said.
It gave no details of their discussions, but said Erdoğan also met Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Nayef, the interior minister, and Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman, who is defence minister.
The two Sunni powers have become increasingly close over the past year, sharing in particular a backing for the opposition in Syria's war.
As Erdoğan held talks in Riyadh, his Prime Minister Binali Yildirim told his ruling Justice and Development Party lawmakers in Ankara that Al Bab in northern Syria was "largely" under the control of Turkish-backed Syrian rebels after months of clashes with extremists.
Al Bab was the Daesh terror group's last stronghold in Aleppo province.
Ankara has taken on an increasingly important role with Moscow and Iran as a powerbroker in the Syria conflict.
Analysts say the capture late last year by Syria's army of the country's second city Aleppo, backed by Russian air strikes, was a setback for Saudi Arabia and Qatar.
In January, Turkey, along with Assad allies Russia and Iran, sponsored talks in Kazakhstan between Syrian rebels and government officials.
There was no breakthrough, but another round is expected in Astana this Wednesday and Thursday, before United Nations-sponsored peace talks resume in Geneva on February 23.
On Monday in Bahrain, Erdoğan called for a "safe zone" in northern Syria for people displaced by the war.
The positions of Saudi Arabia and Turkey are "absolutely identical" on Syria, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Al Jubeir said last week in Ankara.
He was attending the first meeting of a coordination council to enhance ties between the two countries.
Later Tuesday Erdoğan will be in Qatar, with which Turkey has maintained strong ties for years. Qatar also hosts a Turkish military base.
This image obtained May 30, 2018 from the US Geological Survey shows Fissure 8 reactivated on the afternoon of May 29,2018 when, at times, lava fountains were reaching heights of 200 feet and feeding a lava flow that advanced to the northeast at K?lauea Volcano, Hawaii. Haze from the Kilauea volcano eruption in Hawaii blanketed the Marshall Islands 3,700 kilometres (2,300 miles) away on May 27, 2018, as officials warned it would continue moving west. The haze, a phenomenon known as "vog" or volcanic smog, "is spreading across Micronesia," the US National Weather Service based in Guam said. / AFP PHOTO / US Geological Survey / HO / RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE - MANDATORY CREDIT "AFP PHOTO / US Geological Survey/HO" - NO MARKETING NO ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS - DISTRIBUTED AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS HO/AFP/Getty Images ORG XMIT: Hawaii vo ORIG FILE ID: AFP_15H1UI
Handout photos distributed by AFP/Getty Images
Fast-moving lava flows on Hawaii's Big Island from the Kilauea volcano have blocked one major evacuation route and are headed toward the crossroads of another, prompting a new round of evacuations for rural neighborhoods in the area.
Authorities going door to door in the early-morning hours Wednesday called for emergency evacuations in the Kapoho, Beach Lots and Vacationland areas, about 35 miles from Hilo, the island's biggest city.
The lava crossed Highway 132 on Tuesday afternoon and was moving diagonally toward an intersection known as Four Corners, where Highways 132 and 137 cross near the coast.
Both highways are the primary evacuation routes for the area, raising concerns that authorities might have to bulldoze an emergency route through the jungle connecting several existing small roads. They've also made plans for helicopter evacuations using military aircraft.
"The Hawaii Police Department has ordered a mandatory evacuation for Noni Farms Road and Hale Kamahina Rd off of Hwy 132, around the 5 mile marker due to lava inundation," police said early Wednesday morning. "This notice affects all residents and businesses in Hwy 132 at the 5 mile marker and immediate surrounding area. Evacuees may seek shelter at the Pahoa Community Center or the Keaau Community Shelter."
It wasn't immediately clear how many people were ordered to leave in the newest round of evacuations, but about 2,000 had already been barred from their homes. Kilauea has been erupting since 1983 with only occasional pauses of quiet activity. The latest eruption began May 3 in a part of Leilani Estates, a subdivision near the town of Pahoa.
Area residents reported power outages and spotty cellphone coverage as the flows destroy power lines. Authorities said the flow was moving about 200 yards an hour, slower than walking pace.
Those same kinds of implacable flows are blamed for the destruction of at least 12 homes Sunday and Monday and left neighborhoods covered with up to 20 feet of new rock. Authorities said the lava flows themselves are a danger but also warn ash, poison gases and hair-like threads of cooled lava pose respiratory risks.
Evacuees leave dangerous Hawaiian volcano area A woman tries to talk to a national guardsman to gain entry to the Leilani Estates, Friday, in Pahoa, Hawaii. A mandatory evacuation forced many residents to flee their homes due to a nearby lava eruption. 01 / 11 A woman tries to talk to a national guardsman to gain entry to the Leilani Estates, Friday, in Pahoa, Hawaii. A mandatory evacuation forced many residents to flee their homes due to a nearby lava eruption. 01 / 11
Fountains of lava are reaching about 200 feet high, the U.S. Geological Survey reported.
"Pele's Hair is falling in Pahoa. Can cause skin, nose, eye and lung irritation. Stay inside or use ash masks for protection," the county warned.
The flows raise the stakes for a community that already has struggled with nearly a month of mandatory evacuations prompted by lava from the Kilauea volcano further inland. Tempers are flaring, residents are frustrated, and businesses are struggling.
The flow near the Leilani Estates neighborhood about 35 miles from Hilo had already destroyed at least 82 structures, including 41 homes.
This image obtained May 30, 2018 from the US Geological Survey shows tephra (airborne lava fragments) erupted by the high lava fountains of fissure 8 which were carried downwind, where the frothy rock fragments fell on Leilani Street on May 29, 2018, just past Kupono Street, in the Leilani Estates subdivision from Kilauea Volcano, Hawaii. Haze from the Kilauea volcano eruption in Hawaii blanketed the Marshall Islands 3,700 kilometres (2,300 miles) away on May 27, 2018, as officials warned it would continue moving west. The haze, a phenomenon known as "vog" or volcanic smog, "is spreading across Micronesia," the US National Weather Service based in Guam said.
"AFP PHOTO / US Geological Survey/HO
So far the lava has not caused any problems at a geothermal electricity plant that residents feared could release toxic gases. Authorities say the lava has flowed over portions of the plant and blocked its access road.
Leilani Estates residents Brady Metcalf and his fiancée, Ana Luquin Jiminez, have been evacuated since May 3 and expect the lava to take their house any day. It was still standing Tuesday, but they had little hope it would stay that way.
“When the lava comes, it comes at a huge volume and obliterates everything," Metcalf said. "That used to be one of the nicer neighborhoods with paved streets, nice homes and friendly neighbors. Now the bottom half of it is gone, and it looks like an ocean of lava for as far as you can see.”
Contributing: Denise Laitinen
This image obtained May 30, 2018 from the US Geological Survey shows what scientists on the early morning overflight of K?lauea Volcano's lower East Rift Zone documented May 29, 2018 of a very weak ocean entry, for the easternmost lobe, only a few small finger channels of lava were entering the ocean from K?lauea Volcano, Hawaii. Haze from the Kilauea volcano eruption in Hawaii blanketed the Marshall Islands 3,700 kilometres (2,300 miles) away on May 27, 2018, as officials warned it would continue moving west. The haze, a phenomenon known as "vog" or volcanic smog, "is spreading across Micronesia," the US National Weather Service based in Guam said. / AFP PHOTO / US Geological Survey / HO / RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE - MANDATORY CREDIT "AFP PHOTO / US Geological Survey/HO" - NO MARKETING NO ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS - DISTRIBUTED AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS HO/AFP/Getty Images ORG XMIT: Hawaii vo ORIG FILE ID: AFP_15H1WK
HO, AFP/Getty Images
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
DENVER - The hiring freeze on federal employees is impacting one group more than most; young veterans.
Brian Erickson, one of those young veterans impacted by the freeze, always knew he wanted to serve his country. He joined the Marines right out of high school in 2003. His service took him to Iraq, but when it ended, he wasn't so clear about what would be next.
"It was kind of a struggle trying to find that purpose again," Erickson says.
Erickson says finding the right job was a struggle too.
"My first job I was a landscaper," Erickson remembers.
His story is not uncommon. Experts say over a million veterans are underemployed, and a half a million are unemployed. And recently it has gotten worse for young veterans. The unemployment rate climbed from 4.4 percent in September to 6.3 percent in January. And a federal hiring freeze could make things even worse.
Brenton Hutson works with Volunteer of America to help veterans.
"I think it presents a pretty grim and bleak picture for them," Hutson says.
He says the federal government is a main source of civilian employment for veterans because of its preferential hiring practices toward them.
"So they have a plan they are pursuing careers in that area and then they get out and all of a sudden that plan is not realistic or it becomes set up on a timeline that means that they need to go out and do something else," Hutson says.
Hutson says he tells veterans to have as many options as possible, but Erikson says losing the federal employment option hurts.
"I think that you should get that preference when you do service especially when you were trying to go back in to serve those that you potentially served with," Erickson says. "It makes all the sense in the world to have that pipeline just smooth."
A third of federal workers are veterans. And some experts say the freeze not only affects veterans getting jobs but getting services because of understaffing.
The 124th annual Canyon Charter School Fiesta will be held from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Sunday, April 29 at the elementary school, 421 Entrada Dr. There will be a silent auction, fiesta food such as fire-roasted corn on the cob and carnitas and healthy options such as fresh fruit, açaí bowls and fresh salads, a chili cookoff, a cake decorating contest and carnival games.
For more information, visit https://www.canyoncharter.com/pages/fiesta.
Lexus has given its smallest model another refresh – 2018 model year brings subtle revisions to the exterior of the CT 200h, new interior colors, and additional safety systems. But, what's probably the most important, the facelift brings… sales halt for the model in the United States.
Back in May we reported the vehicle will very soon reach the end of the line in America, and now the information was confirmed by a Lexus spokesman to Carscoops. From January this year through May, Lexus has managed to shift only 3,311 units of the model in the U.S., 11.2 percent down from last year, which is the reason for that decision.
However, “sales have remained strong in key geographic regions that include the European Union, China and Japan, where hybrid-vehicle sales continue to grow.” Given that, the compact hybrid vehicle will remain on sale on many markets around the globe until the next generation arrives.
Back to the facelift, the 2018 CT 200h now has a more prominent front fascia with new mesh pattern for the signature spindle grille. There's also a set of new LED daytime running headlights, while at the back the taillights have received new graphics and all-LED technology.
If you take a virtual step inside the cabin, you'll definitely notice the new 10.3-inch display that replaces the old 7-inch screen. Lexus will also offer various new color schemes for the cabin and a total of six different ornamentation choices.
The powertrain remains unchanged, a hybrid system with 1.8-liter gas engine supported by an electric motor for a total output of 134 horsepower (100 kilowatts) channeled to the front wheels. What's new, however, is the Lexus Safety System + which adds new safety systems, such as Pre-Collision System (PCS), Dynamic Radar Cruise Control, Lane Departure Alert (LDA) with steering wheel control function and Automatic High Beam (AHB) headlights.
Source: Lexus via Carscoops
New York Times Introduces Augmented Reality To News App
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
The New York Times is expanding their tech portfolio with the release of an all-new AR function intended to change the way readers experience immersive news storytelling.
“If photography freed journalists to visually capture important moments, and video allowed us to record sight, sound and motion, then our augmented reality feature goes a step further, making flat images three-dimensional,” the NY Times wrote in an article announcing the release.
“Stories that describe our three-dimensional world can be delivered in the round, in front of you,” the Times described. “Want a closer look at that sculpture? No need to pinch your phone's screen to zoom. Just walk up to it. For a different angle, there's no swiping to the next image. Just walk around it.”
Right now, the app is only available on Apple iOS devices. Users with the latest New York Times app can access the experience on any iPhone SE, any iPhone 6S or later, any fifth-generation iPad or later, or an iPad Pro. The Times says they “plan to bring AR to the Android in the near future.”
The Times has been on the forefront for news organizations embracing emerging technology to create more immersive storytelling experiences for news consumers. The Times released a VR app that is compatible with Google Cardboard and Samsung Gear VR in November 2015.
The Times' T Brand studio, which works exclusively on brand partnership and marketing initiatives, also has an extension of AR functionality. The T Brand app is separate from the Times' editorial app, and is accessible on both iOS and Android. If you download the app right now, you'll be able to access an immersive experience “Outthink Hidden,” based off the 2016 film “Hidden Figures.”
The project, in partnership with IBM, challenges participants to travel to different physical locations to find AR “Hidden Figures” that showcase the “untold stories of STEM.”
This is the first time AR will be working alongside NY Times' editorial content. The Times plans on launching an immersive experience connected to their coverage of the 2018 Winter Olympics next week.
Patrols on the Seabee base in Gulfport are going to the dogs after a program has come back to the military installation after years of being defunded.
When you think about Pittsburgh Steelers traditions, what comes to mind? The Terrible Towel, the Steel Curtain and all those Lombardi Trophies perhaps? Since 2002, another thing to add to that list has been the tradition of the stadium playing “Renegade” during the third quarter as the team's rallying cry.
Sunday night the Steelers needed it more than ever, and when the video came up and the fans saw linebacker Ryan Shazier on the screen they went nuts. Check out the video below.
The team played with a heavy heart and tremendous emotion as they dedicated their 39-38 victory over the Ravens to the injured linebacker. He watched the game from his hospital bed in Pittsburgh and even FaceTimed with the team after the game.
I've seen a lot of exciting renditions of “Renegade” and the crowd go wild. But Sunday night's version might have topped them all. The Steelers will welcome the New England Patriots to Heinz Field this week in a huge AFC clash.
A look at what's happening around baseball today:
TEST OF THE CHAMPION
After wrapping up a series at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday night, Jose Altuve and the World Series champion Astros return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. Including a four-game series at Cleveland last weekend, that makes three straight foes for Houston that participated in last year's postseason. Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game set against Red Sox lefty Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
BACK ON THE MOUND
Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw is scheduled to return to the rotation at home against the Philadelphia Phillies. The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner has been on the disabled list for nearly a month with left biceps tendinitis. He is 1-4 with a 2.86 ERA this season. Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27 ERA) pitches for the Phillies.
BEASTS OF THE NL EAST
The Nationals and Braves, in a tight race with the Phillies for the top spot in the NL East, begin a four-game series in Atlanta. Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) starts for Washington against Atlanta's Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA).
'ROCK BOTTOM' IN QUEENS
Entering Wednesday night, the New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out. Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. The Mets are 16-25 since starting the season 11-1. Though the Mets did earn a split of their series in Atlanta with a 4-1 win on Wednesday. "We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said before the game. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
STILL NOT MILLER TIME
Andrew Miller has been cleared to start a throwing program as the Indians' All-Star reliever battles inflammation in his right knee. Miller, who is on the disabled list for the third time in the past year because of soreness in his knee, visited a specialist in New York on Tuesday. The club said Dr. David Altchek confirmed a previous diagnosis and the left-hander can "begin a gradual progression back to mound activity." While there is no timetable for Miller to return, the fact that he doesn't need surgery and can resume throwing is good news for the Indians.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Throughout British actress Jenny Agutter's career, she writes in an article for the Telegraph that she has been “fortunate enough to be transported through time – whether to post-war Britain and the Sixties in Call the Midwife, or travelling back to Victorian times with The Railway Children. I have enjoyed acting in historical dramas, but I've always believed that these worlds no longer existed. Until my husband John Tham and I visited New Zealand.”
“There is a lovely old-worldliness to the place, which is charming without being old-fashioned. And it would be wrong to say that the country is behind the times. We found ourselves in a world full of surprises where we made new friends, discovered stunning landscapes, ate exceptional food and drank world-class wine,” Agutter writes.
“Our journey had started at the Bay of Many Coves, a lodge that could only be reached by boat. It is in the Marlborough Sounds, in the north-easterly corner of the country's South Island and is a maze of channels and waterways created when the sea inundated and flooded an ancient river system. On a recce of the surrounding area, I clambered up a challenging trail to the top of the hills through ferns and bush forest and was rewarded with spectacular views across the bays.
“For a few days, we were away from roads; we would walk the many trails or take kayaks and meander along the coast. After this period of complete quiet and relaxation, we were ready to start our exploration by car. New Zealand's South Island is as dramatic as it is diverse.”
Original article by Jenny Agutter, The Telegraph, January 23, 2018.
Photo by Pintai Suchachaisri.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If your idea of the perfect romantic Valentine's Day is snuggling up in front of a real fire with the love of your life as it snows outside then 2018 could be time to plan some hygge according to forecasters.
The weather is predicted to be turning decidedly chilly this week, bringing a possibility of a spattering of the white stuff from Scandinavia just in time for the big day.
Snow is a possibility on the evening of both February 13 and February 14 and although you are unlikely to get snowed in, it could add some movie-style romantic frosting to the usual hearts and flowers.
So whether you want to dig out the cosy candles and snugly throws to recreate scenes from romcoms such as The Holiday or Bridget Jones diary or go out for a posh meal, there could be plenty of excuses to cuddle up on February 14.
But you might have to use your imagination a little because the snow is not expected at the same levels we experienced at the start of December and between Christmas and New Year when Gloucestershire was turned into a winter wonderland.
Playful snowball fights and long walks in the white stuff are probably more dreams than reality, but some Scandinavian hygge might be the order of the day.
According to the Weather Channel: “Some forecast models are indicating an extreme spell of colder weather by the end of the week.
And forecaster Dr Claire Kennedy-Edwards, of The Weather Channel, said: “It will turn much colder as the UK becomes influenced by higher pressure from Scandinavia.”
Forecasters are saying we could have a romantic covering of snow on a few days next week and the week after.
Anybody hopes for a snow day to relieve those New Year blues might be pushing their luck because most of the snow over the next fortnight is going to be snow showers, mixed with rain.
But as temperatures plunge, there are a number of days when snow is forecast by the Weather Channel as we approach the middle of the month.
Forecasts change, especially when they are looking days ahead, but here are the days we can expect to see snow later this month.
This weekend:
Saturday, February 3: Possibility of snow to mix in with rain.
Sunday, February 4 should be mostly cloudy.
The coming week, Monday, February 5 to Sunday, February 11 is mainly going to be cloudy with sunny spells, but it will feel cold.
Overnight temperatures could fall to -4C during the early hours midweek.
And there could be snow showers on Thursday, February 8 .
It is the following week, around Valentine's Day, that there could be more regular flurries of snow.
Monday, February 12 : A mix of rain and snow showers during the night
Tuesday, February 13 : A mix of rain and snow showers during the night
Wednesday, February 14: Snow showers overnight
Thursday, February 15: Rain and snow showers in morning, snow showers in the night
Friday, February 16: A mix of rain and snow showers
Castleford singer Jack Walton has released a new track to fans, as a teaser for his debut album.
Jack, who starred on the X Factor in 2014, revealed the video for his first single Kept Me Safe, to coincide with his 21st birthday last month.
The single is due to be released officially in the new year, with his first album set to follow shortly afterwards.
Jack, who is signed with record company The House of Nanchang, said: “I think people are used to me with my guitar, but now I have got the opportunity to work with a proper producer and studio.
“I think people might be quite surprised with the music, but I hope they like it.
“Castleford really got behind me when I was on the X Factor
“I've been working hard writing and recording since then and it's nice to see those people still following what I am doing.”
Brought to you by the South Ural State University
Professor Anton Korzhov of the Polytechnic Institute Department at South Ural State University developed solutions for enhancing the reliability of cable lines. His project will allow for enhancing the operational reliability and safety of cable lines under conditions of development of urban electric networks.
The innovation developed under Project 5-100 is based on new methods of studying the operation of the existing 6(10) kW cable lines.
The optimization of their operation as per resource economy criterion as the main element of the complex is being researched. An array of operational and mode data is taken into account, as well as subsurface-and-meteorological and electromagnetic parameters, the human factor and the impact of the modes of the network with the accepted relay protection and automatic control settings.
“We came to see the necessity of such a development having talked to our colleagues from the urban electric networks since these networks are based namely on these 6(10) kW cable lines with impregnated-paper insulation. Their failure-free operation and timely troubleshooting guarantee a reliable power supply for customers. I have been working on this problem for over 12 years now,” says the professor.
During the operation, premature ruptures in the insulation of cables and sleeves are registered, especially of those operating for a long time. In order to reveal what causes it, the patterns of occurrence of faults and deterioration of the cable's insulation are needed to be developed and specified at the phase of operation. Electrical and thermal deterioration of insulation are the most well-researched at present.
Insufficient attention is paid to: the issues of impacts on insulation; parameters of partial discharges and corrosive processes in cable shielding; factors related to the accepted design and operational solutions; the role of personnel; repeated short-circuiting; high-voltage testing; and the magnetic component of cable electromagnetic field.
© Photo: Oleg Igoshin SUSU Scientists Develop Educational Equipment and Software Using 3D Technologies
The problems of assessing each factor are complicated and include multiple competing processes. Specification of their physical and chemical impact mechanisms is required to adequately assess service life and safety of operation of cable lines. That is exactly what the research by Professor Korzhov deals with.
The developed method of collecting and analyzing retrospective information for predicting the occurrence of faults in cable lines, as well as the provided recommendations on prolongation of their service life and the required rate of renovation have found application in the urban networks of Chelyabinsk and Neftekamsk. A patent for invention was obtained for the resource-saving setup of relay protection devices and automatic controls.
“At present for this research I'm involving students interested in it, and I'm planning to keep developing this field of electrical-engineering materials science new to our university,” says Mr. Korzhov.
This field's research objective comprises competencies of not only electrical engineers, but also of specialists in physics, chemistry, mechanics, material science and mathematics. Our task is to find the most accessible and simple, practical ways of diagnosing the condition of cable networks, for instance, those which will help collect and process the mode and operational parameters.
Eventually these methods may be used as supplementary to the already developed methods of nondestructive diagnostics. The mentioned innovations are relevant in the context of switching operations with regard to the technical condition and the necessity to assess the remaining operational life.
Dundalk 1
UCD 1
AET - Dundalk progress 6-5 on penalties
There is something about Oriel Park and penalties recently, or is that Stephen Kenny and penalties?
This evening's EA Sports Cup meeting with UCD went the full distance, giving the couple of hundred in attendance more than their money's worth in the end.
Gabriel Sava's sudden-death penalty save from Yousef Mahdy following eleven successful spot-kicks ultimately decided a game which neither really deserved to lose.
Although, there was a down sight for the Lilywhites with Paddy Barrett having left the pitch with a knock just past the hour-mark.
Gary O'Neill opened the scoring in the 17th minute before Conor Clifford scored his first goal for Dundalk with 14 minutes to play, sending the game to an extra half hour of play.
A period which yielded no more goals, before the home side ran out 6-5 winners on penalties.
It was a largely frustrating night for Dundalk in general, but particularly for Ciaran Kilduff who missed a host of glorious openings before seeing a second-half spot-kick saved. In the striker's case, it was certainly a night to forget.
Kenny made nine changes to his starting line-up with Seán Hoare and Clifford the only ones to have started both tonight's game and the defeat to Bray Wanderers on Friday night.
The visitors hit the front 17 minutes into the opening-half when skipper O'Neill guided Ben Hanrahan's lay-off past the hapless Sava. It was a wonderful strike with the instep of the UCD midfielder's foot, although it did come somewhat against the run of play.
Dundalk had begun the brighter with Kilduff missing several chances in front of goal, but the Lilywhites still went to the break one down. And it could have been worse had Sava not saved from an O'Neill free-kick later in the half.
Dane Massey and Jamie McGrath were introduced by Kenny at half-time and they seemed to help lift the intensity of Dundalk's play, although Kinsella remained the outstanding threat. Whether it be on his left-foot or right, down the outside or cutting inside, the winger had Seán Coyne walking a tight-rope throughout.
And it was the on-loan Everton man's brilliance which won the hosts a 65th minute penalty. The 18-year-old's genius turn and flick over Coyne saw him rampage into the area before Liam Scales bundled him over. A penalty was duly awarded amidst raucous cheers from the home crowd after Friday night's debacle.
However, Kilduff saw his spot-kick well saved by Niall Corbet at the end where Gary McCabe controversially struck twice for Bray three nights previous.
Dundalk leveled on 76 minutes though as Clifford fired home a rocket from 20-yards after collecting Massey's quickly taken free-kick wide on the left.
And that was how it was to finish at the end of normal time despite the Lilywhites coming close on a couple of occasions, most notably when Stewart's overhead attempt was saved by Corbet from point blank range.
On to extra-time we went...
The first-half of which was a drab affair with neither team able to create clear-cut openings until Chris Shields saw a wicked effort deflected into the side-netting with eight-minutes on the clock.
Kilduff also tried his luck before the ends changed for a second time but he drove straight at Corbet having latched on to Kinsella's excellent through ball.
After the break, McGrath thought he had given Dundalk the lead when rifling a breaking-ball to the far corner of the net only for the linesman to raise his flag and rule it out.
Substitutes Mahdy and McGrath then spurned good openings before Maxi Kougan almost headed the ball through his own keeper's legs as Kilduff lurked menacingly.
Although, a shootout always looked the inevitable outcome.
And in that, Massey, Clifford, Shields, John Mountney and Stewart all found the net while O'Neill, Greg Sloggett, Scales, Georgie Kelly and Josh Collins made it 5-5, before McGrath scored his side's sixth while the unfortunate Mahdy didn't.
The Lilywhites progress.
Dundalk: Gabriel Sava; Keith Dalton, Paddy Barrett (Chris Shields 61), Seán Hoare, Carlton Ubaezuono (Dane Massey HT); Conor Clifford, Stephen O'Donnell (Jamie McGrath HT); Steven Kinsella, Thomas Stewart, John Mountney; Ciaran Kilduff.
UCD: Niall Corbet; Dean Tobin, Josh Collins, Liam Scales, Seán Coyne (Evan Osam 69); Greg Sloggett, Gary O'Neill; Rob Manley (Yousef Mahdy 114), Ben Hanrahan (Maxi Kougan 78), Gareth Coughlan; Georgie Kelly
Referee: Robert Harvey
Malawi National Football Team, the Flames is expected to start training camp on Sunday at Mpira Village in Chiwembe, Blantyre ahead of the team's upcoming assignments.
Football Association of Malawi (FAM) General Secretary, Alfred Gift Gunda said the players would undergo intensive medical checkups before starting the paces.
“Players are expected to report either on Sunday, February 04 or Monday February 05, 2018 where they will undergo medical checkups before the commencement of training,” Gunda said in a statement.
The 22-man squad has been dominated by Nyasa Big Bullets which has contributed a total of eight players.
FAM has called Charles Thom, Brighton Munthali, Lemani Nthala and Ernest Kakhobwe as goal tenders.
The defence line has John Lanjesi, Charles Petro, Ian Chinyama, Yamikani Fodya and Gomezgani Chirwa.
Chimwemwe Idana, Chikoti Chirwa, Levison Maganizo and Mike Mkwate have been called into the training camp as midfielders.
FAM has entrusted the services of seven players to carry out the offensive duty as strikers and wingers namely; Peter Banda, Chiukepo Msowoya, Patrick Phiri, Righteous Banda, Mphatso Philemon, Fletcher Bandawe and Khuda Muyaba.
The Flames' will be preparing for their next engagement in September in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers
Where do you plan to do most of your holiday shopping?
Choices Local businesses Chain retailers Online Hand-make gifts No plans to shop Other (I'll comment my opinion)
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Testimony has resumed in federal court in Las Vegas in the trial of six men accused of wielding weapons to force federal agents to abandon a round-up of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy's cattle in April 2014.
A U.S. Bureau of Land Management agent, Rand Stover, returned to the witness stand Tuesday for questioning about escalating tension between government officials and Bundy family members in the weeks before the armed standoff.
Prosecutor Steven Myhre (MY'-ree) asked Stover on Monday about confrontations that led roundup supervisors to ramp up security around federal agents and contract cowboys enforcing court orders to collect Bundy cattle in March 2014.
The six defendants face of charges including conspiracy, firearm offenses and assault on a federal officer.
They've pleaded not guilty, and deny agents were threatened.
Comments
comments
Left to right: Heather Miller, Rachel Caldwell, Shane Caldwell, Renay Caldwell, Jordan Miller, Derek Miller, Mason Miranda (on Derek's shoulders) Courtesy of Jordan Miller
La Nina, we hardly knew ye.
U.S. weather forecasters said Thursday the cool flip side to the climate phenomenon El Nino has faded away.
The La Nina episode lasted only four months and was among the weakest and shortest on record, coming on the heels of one of the strongest El Ninos, said Mike Halpert of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Climate Prediction Center.
La Nina, a cooling of parts of the equatorial Pacific that changes weather patterns worldwide, often lasts a year or more, longer than El Ninos. La Nina conditions were first detected in October and disappeared in January.
“Even though it was fairly weak and short-lived … it did leave impacts,” Halpert said, pointing to unusual cold in Alaska, western Canada and U.S. Northern Plains in December and January.
Strong La Ninas usually follow powerful El Ninos, which didn't happen in this case, said University of Washington atmospheric scientist Mike Wallace.
Many computer models show an El Nino forming later this summer or fall, but NOAA isn't making a prediction yet, Halpert said.
If an El Nino returns quickly, it would be fairly unusual. Switching from El Nino to La Nina and back in less than three years has happened only once before in the 1960s, Halpert said.
La Nina's disappearance leaves the world in what is called a neutral condition, making it tougher for meteorologists to make seasonal or long-term forecasts.
“In the forecast game you like big signals,” Wallace said.
Because of persistent warming, forecasters will continue to call for warmer than normal temperatures for much of the United States.
“You can't really go wrong if you are forecasting above-normal temperatures for a large part of the country because that's what you get,” Halpert said.
What happens at Justin Trudeau's family dinner table?
It's all a bit hush-hush — information that's known, but closely guarded, by those who run the kitchen.
Such savoury secrets have now become the purview of a new chef: Wakefield's Che Chartrand has taken over the role at Rideau Cottage, which currently serves as the home to the prime minister and his family.
Chartrand, who's an alumnus of Ottawa's Beckta restaurant empire, has been handed the spatula by friend and colleague Katie Ardington, who had been the Trudeaus' chef since February 2017.
Perhaps worried about a reporter discovering the Trudeaus only eat home-churned butter, the Prime Minister's Office told the National Post the new chef was “not available” for an interview.
Reached at Rideau Cottage, though, Chartrand said no one had mentioned the request to him and seemed happy to discuss his new role.
“Let's just say that they support local, and healthy living,” Chartrand said of the Trudeaus.
Everything, the chef said, is handmade. For weekends, meals are ready to go in the fridge. Snacks, desserts and fresh breads are on hand.
“We prepare our own yogurt, we make our own butter, we make our own bacon,” Chartrand said.
“It's a great way to be able to control what's in it, and still have beautiful flavour, but buying locally and hopefully organic as much as possible.”
Asked whether that's normal practice at the residence or a special request from the family, he said he'd do some of those things anyway — but, “they're just not the kind of run-of-the-mill, meat-and-potatoes family. They enjoy food, they enjoy my food, they're excited about different flavours. And even the kids, they have great palates, they're not afraid to try stuff.”
Hiring a new chef can be an opaque process, based on connections and word-of-mouth within Ottawa's cozy restaurant scene. As Trudeau's recently-departed chef told us, “You can't really post it on Kijiji.”
Like her replacement, whom she helped hire, Ardington honed her skills at Stephen Beckta's restaurants, well-known to the city's foodies. She had spent a decade working for him before taking the Rideau Cottage position. He has now hired her back.
Ardington worked for Beckta 10 years before taking on a position at Rideau Cottage in February 2017.
This month, after her time with the Trudeaus ending, Ardington returned to her previous home.
“We said, alright, it's time to come back home and be part of our family,” when an executive chef position opened in January, Beckta said.
Chartrand worked with Beckta, then went on to be chef at the Wakefield Mill Hotel's restaurant, and more recently worked for Transparent Kitchen, an Ottawa tech start-up focused on promoting restaurants online. This year, he was a sous-chef at Canada Olympic House for the Pyeongchang Olympic Winter Games, and executive chef for the Paralympic Games.
It was while he was overseas that Chartrand said Ardington called him about a new gig. He was appointed April 3 at a salary range of $68,468 to $79,234, according to an order-in-council — slightly higher than the range Ardington was offered.
Speaking to the Post, Ardington was careful not to violate the Trudeaus' privacy — “I'm not really supposed to tell.” But she described a day-to-day focused on cooking family-friendly meals for the Trudeaus and their kids Xavier, age 10, Ella-Grace, nine, and Hadrien, four.
“They sit down at dinner with their young kids so a lot of the meals were meals that they would enjoy,” she said. “The PM and Sophie themselves, they love a variety of foods. He loves Asian cuisine. They love Thai food.” When the family wasn't there, she would clean, plan meals, talk to food suppliers and the like.
Such details of the Trudeau's dinner table have apparently been of interest to opposition politicians.
Conservative MP John Barlow tried finding out with a written question to the government last November, asking for itemized lists of meals broken down by food group, foods' countries of origin and cost per meal. He asked for the residence's policy on food waste and its annual budget.
The only reply, signed by the PM's parliamentary secretary Peter Schiefke, was this: “Meals prepared at the Prime Minister's residence are not tracked. The Prime Minister and family strive to eat healthy balanced meals.”
mdsmith@postmedia.com
During a press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday afternoon, President Donald Trump ignored a question about his comment earlier in the day describing North Korean leader Kim Jong-un as “very open” and “very honorable.”
A reporter asked what Trump meant when he described the dictator as “honorable,” and in response Trump offered a defense of his negotiations with North Korea ahead of a face-to-face meeting with Kim Jong-un.
“I hope that we will be able to deal in a very open and honorable fashion with North Korea,” he said, rather than addressing calling Kim Jong-un himself “open” and “honorable.”
Trump disputed claims that he has already made concessions to North Korea and said that he would like to see denuclearization by the isolated country. Then, after a long tangent about China and his trade policies, Trump said that he cannot predict what will come of talks with North Korea, again failing to answer the original question.
“So the end result is we'll see. Maybe good things will happen, and maybe we're all wasting a lot of time, but hopefully it will be good for everybody concerned,” Trump said.
Please log in to read the full story. Our website requires visitors to Log in to view the best local news from Snyder Daily News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
CHIPPEWA VALLEY — A Wisconsin father is getting a lot of positive attention for his decision to get a tattoo to support his son's battle with a rare condition.
“I saw another father who did the same thing. His son had a brain tumor, and he did it to boost the confidence of his child, and that's kind of the same reason I'm doing it,” Jeremy Cortner said.
They say scars are like battle wounds, but Cortner isn't the one fighting. His son is.
“I've seen this scar before, just not on my own head,” Cortner said.
The design stretches from ear to ear. He had it done at Rezurrection Tattoo in Eau Claire — all for his six-year-old son Casey, who will be facing his second round of surgery in July.
“My son Casey had a craniosynostosis. That's when the sutures in his head fuse prematurely, so they did a surgery to kind of let the brain have room to grow again,” Cortner said.
Cortner said next month, doctors will repair soft spots on his skull, ones they say haven't healed since his first surgery, nearly six years ago.
“They're probably about one to two inches wide, so they're using 3D technology to go in and fill those spots. If we didn't do that, his brain couldn't grow and that would, he would potentially lose his sight and his hearing and his ability to learn because his brain couldn't utilize the room that it should,” Amy Cortner, Casey's mother said.
“I want him to know that he shouldn't feel isolated or alone with his scar,” Jeremy Cortner said. “I get to choose this. He doesn't get to choose his, you know? When he looks back, and thinks about his surgery, maybe some positive memories will come out of something special my dad did for me instead of just the negative parts of it of how painful it was.”
“He can even refer to his dad even instead of himself, or he can say, ‘Look, we're the same,' you know? So he doesn't feel so alone,” Amy Cortner said.
Steve Calvert Frank, 67, of Hutchinson, died April 13, 2017, at Hospice House, Hutchinson. He was born October 30, 1949, in Hutchinson, the son of Robert Lee and Gladys Louise (Gilliland) Frank. Steve was a 1967 graduate from Buhler High School. He also graduated from Hutchinson Community College with an associate degree in Industrial Arts and bachelor's in Education from Pittsburg State University. Steve served in the United States Army. In 2015, he retired from Kuhn Krause. He was a member of the V.F.W. Bob Campbell Post #1371. Steve was a people person and loved to visit with everyone he met, and most of all a muscle car enthusiast.
On August 7, 1982, Steve married Vickie Lynn Phinney in Hutchinson. She survives.
Other survivors include: children, Michael Perugini, David Frank, Daniel Perugini, Amanda Shank, estranged daughter, Mandie Frank, Octavious Frank and Ajjanna Frank; 11 grandchildren and one great-grandchild. He was preceded in death by: his parents; brother, John Robert Frank; and sister, Judie Anne Frank.
Cremation has taken place.
Private family inurnment will be held in Memorial Park Cemetery, with military honors conducted by Fort Riley Honor Guard. A celebration of life will be held at a later date. Memorial contributions may be made to Disabled Veterans, in care of Elliott Mortuary, 1219 N. Main, Hutchinson, KS 67501. Elliott Mortuary is in charge of arrangements. Visit www.elliottmortuary.com to leave a personal condolence for Steve's family.
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
AP Photo/Evan Vucci
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — President Donald Trump's pick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid advised Vice President Mike Pence on health care issues while he was Indiana's governor, a post she maintained amid a web of business arrangements – including one that ethics experts say conflicted with her public duties.
A review by The Associated Press found Seema Verma and her small Indianapolis-based firm made millions through consulting agreements with at least nine states while also working under contract for Hewlett Packard. The company holds a financial stake in the health care policies Verma's consulting work helped shape in Indiana and elsewhere.
Her firm, SVC Inc., collected more than $6.6 million in consulting fees from the state of Indiana since 2011, records show. At the same time, records indicate she also received more than $1 million through a contract with Hewlett, the nation's largest operator of state Medicaid claims processing systems.
Last year, her firm collected an additional $316,000 for work done for the state of Kentucky as a subcontractor for HP Enterprises, according to documents obtained by AP through public records requests.
In financial disclosures posted this week, Verma reported she has an agreement to sell SVC Inc. to Health Management Associates of Lansing, Michigan, within 90 days of her confirmation.
In a statement, a spokesman for Verma said there was no conflict of interest and added that she has the support of former officials who served with her under Pence.
Her firm was “completely transparent in regards to its relationship with HP and that there was never a conflict of interest,” spokesman Marcus Barlow said in a statement.
A spokesman for Pence did not respond to a request for comment.
Verma faces a Senate Finance Committee hearing on Thursday. Democrats in Washington are aware of many of her consulting arrangements, and have broader concerns about her philosophy about government entitlement programs, lack of background in Medicare and inexperience leading a large organization.
As a trusted adviser to Pence, she had an office in the state government center and took on duties usually reserved for state administrators. Verma was also widely respected for her grasp on policy and designed a federal Medicaid waiver that allowed Pence to undertake his own conservative expansion of the program while still accepting money made available through the Affordable Care Act.
Verma did not specifically address how she would handle decisions related to HP in a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services that was released this week. The letter outlined her plan for managing potential conflicts of interest should she be confirmed by the Senate to lead the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. Her relationship with HP was first reported by the Indianapolis Star in 2014.
Legal and ethics experts contacted by AP say Verma's work for Hewlett, and offshoot HP Enterprises, raised questions about where her loyalties lay – to the company, or to state taxpayers.
Richard Painter, former President George W. Bush's chief ethics lawyer, called Verma's arrangement a “conflict of interest” that “clearly should not happen and is definitely improper.”
Such arrangements are typically prohibited for rank-and-file state employees under Indiana's ethics rules and laws, but they're murkier when it comes to consulting work. Contractors have often replaced state employees in a GOP bid to drive down the number of public employees, distinctions between the two can be hard to discern.
“She was cloaked with so much responsibility and so much authority, people thought she was a state employee,” said Debra Minot, a former head of Indiana's Family and Social Services Agency under Pence who worked with Verma.
Indiana University law professor David Orentlicher compared Verma's dual employment to an attorney who represents both the plaintiff and the defense in a lawsuit. It's also similar to federal contract negotiator with a side job for a company they regularly negotiate with, he said.
“If you have one person on both sides of the negotiating, they can't negotiate hard for both sides,” said Orentlicher, a former Indiana Democratic state lawmaker.
There was at least one instance where Verma crossed the line in Indiana when she was dispatched by HP to help smooth over a billing dispute, said Minot.
“It was never clear to me until that moment that she, in essence, was representing both the agency and one of our very key contractors,” said Minot, who was removed as head of the agency by Pence over her disagreements with Verma. “It was just shocking to me that she could play both sides.”
State contracts show Verma's duties to Indiana and Hewlett have overlapped at times. One agreement she held with the state's social services agency required her to “provide technical assistance” to state contractors, as well as the governor's office. Another duty was “contract development and negotiation” with vendors, which included HP and HP Enterprises
Verma reported her salary with SVC is $480,000 and her business income from the company as nearly $2.2 million.
—
Johnson reported from Chicago.
Comments
comments
MONDAY, March 19, 2018 -- For many women in or past menopause, vaginal dryness is a recurring symptom. But a new report finds that several treatments work equally well -- regardless of their price tag.
"The fact that all three treatments [tested] -- vaginal estradiol tablets, a vaginal moisturizer and the lubricating gel we used as a placebo -- were able to reduce symptoms is great news for women, since it means that regular use of any of these treatments is likely to have benefit, whether the cost is $20 or $200," said lead author Dr. Caroline Mitchell. She's an obstetrician-gynecologist at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
One ob-gyn unconnected to the new research agreed the findings are good news for women.
"Vaginal estrogen tablets and creams have become very expensive on many drug plans and for some patients they have become prohibitively expensive," noted Dr. Jennifer Wu, of Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City.
Wu advised that "in those cases, vaginal moisturizers and lubricants need to be considered."
The new study involved more than 300 women between the ages of 55 and 64 who had experienced moderate to severe vaginal itching, dryness, irritation or pain with sexual activity.
They were randomly divided into three treatment groups -- vaginal estradiol tablets, a vaginal moisturizer and the lubricating gel.
After three months of treatment, all three groups had similar improvements in their vaginal symptoms, according to the study published online March 19 in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine.
Speaking in a Mass General news release, Mitchell stressed that the issue can be problematic for many older women.
"The significant impact of vaginal discomfort on the lives of women is reflected by how quickly we were able to enroll more than 300 participants -- in less than a year," she said. "Women are desperate for some kind of intervention for these symptoms."
Indeed, "the overwhelming majority of women in our study were bothered by pain with sexual activity and earnestly wanted to help find a treatment for the many women bothered by this problem," said study co-author Dr. Susan Reed, from the department of obstetrics and gynecology at the University of Washington.
"More couples are remaining sexually intimate despite aging, and better therapies for vaginal discomfort need to be developed," Reed said in the news release.
Fortunately, the study findings "suggest that regular use of any one of these products may be helpful," said Mitchell.
Dr. Jill Rabin is co-chief of ambulatory care for Women's Health Programs at Northwell Health in New Hyde Park, N.Y. She wasn't involved in the study, but noted that -- given equal results -- women may choose treatment for vaginal dryness "based on price and convenience."
Rabin was also intrigued that the nonmedicinal lubricating gel worked as well as pricier pills or creams. "Is it the placebo effect, or are there properties in the gel that actually produced improvements in symptoms?" Rabin wondered.
The Hormone Health Network has more on postmenopause.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
BEIJING (AP) - The wife of a detained Chinese human rights lawyer said Thursday that she has been prevented from leaving her neighborhood, the latest apparent case of extra-legal harassment of those who fall afoul of the ruling Communist Party.
Xu Yan tweeted that she had been followed from her apartment by police officers who stopped her leaving by taxi by telling the drivers not to take her.
"I asked 'Why am I being restricted?'" Xu wrote. She said the officers said they didn't know, nor were they aware of who had authorized the measures or how long they were to be enforced.
Xu's husband, Yu Wensheng, was grabbed by police on Jan. 19 while preparing to take his 13-year-old son to school and has been charged with the loosely defined crime of inciting subversion against the one-party authoritarian Communist state.
During a visit to Beijing last week, German Chancellor Angela Merkel met privately with Xu and Li Wenzhu, the wife of another detained lawyer, Wang Quanzhang.
Yu's detention extends a crackdown on independent legal activists by the ruling party launched in July 2015. His seizure came a day after he posted a letter online calling for reforms to the constitution and open presidential elections.
China's vast domestic security apparatus has frequently detained or harassed family members of those accused of crimes against the state, most notably Liu Xia, the widow of Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo, who died last year of liver cancer while serving a prison sentence for inciting subversion of state power.
Germany said earlier this month it would welcome Liu Xia after a recording was released of her crying in desperation.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Residents are urged to check tumble dryers after a manufacturer recalled a batch which could catch fire.
Beko has issued an alert warning of a fire risk with 3,450 of its condenser tumble dryers and told customers to stop using them immediately.
The firm has asked customers with 8kg or 9kg Beko and Blomberg condenser tumble dryers, manufactured between May and November 2012, to register for a free modification.
Nick Evans, head of prevention at Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service, said: “Our advice is if you think you are one of those people affected by this recall, to please stop using the tumble dryer immediately. In general keep your tumble dryer well maintained by cleaning the filters after every cycle.
"If you notice that clothes are taking a long time to dry or items are much hotter than usual at the end of a cycle that can be the sign of a faulty dryer. If you smell burning unplug it immediately.”
Visit beko.co.uk or blomberguk.com for a list of affected models.
The growth in Japan's GDP – 4.0% at an annualized rate – blew past market expectations for a 0.6% rise, and was well up from a 0.4% expansion in the first quarter
Published 9:40 AM, August 14, 2017
TOKYO, Japan – Japan's economy grew 1.0% in the April-June period, notching up its sixth straight quarter of growth and its longest economic expansion in over a decade, government data showed Monday, August 14.
The growth in Japan's GDP – 4.0% at an annualized rate – blew past market expectations for a 0.6% rise, and was well up from a 0.4% expansion in the first quarter, according to figures from the Cabinet Office.
The world's number three economy has been picking up steam, mainly on the back of a surging exports including smartphones parts and memory chips, with investments linked to the Tokyo 2020 Olympics also giving growth a boost.
But the latest GDP figures were driven by robust domestic demand and capital spending, which offset a quarterly decline in exports.
Private consumption picked up 0.9% in the second quarter – individual spending accounts for more than a half of Japan's GDP.
The labour market is tight and business confidence is high but efforts to lift inflation have fallen flat despite years of aggressive monetary easing by Japan's central bank.
The latest reading nonetheless means Japan's economy has had its best string of gains since 2006, during the tenure of popular former prime minister Junichiro Koizumi.
Monday's figures are good news for the current prime minister Shinzo Abe – whose brief and underwhelming first term as Japan's premier came directly after Koizumi.
A string of short-term leaders followed before Abe swept back to power in late 2012 on a pledge to reignite Japan's once-booming economy with a plan dubbed Abenomics.
The scheme – a mix of huge monetary easing, government spending and reforms to the economy – stoked a stock market rally and fattened corporate profits.
But critics have cast doubt on the plan, as heavily-indebted Japan grapples with low birthrates and a shrinking labour force.
Abe has seen his public support rating plummet in the past few months over an array of political troubles, including allegations of favoritism to a friend in a business deal.
Japan has been struggling to defeat years of deflation and slow growth that followed the collapse of an equity and property market bubble in the early nineties.
The Bank of Japan, aiming to create two-percent inflation as a key part the growth bid, now expects to reach that goal by sometime in the year to March 2020 – 4 years later than planned.
Falling prices can discourage spending by consumers, who might postpone purchases until prices drop more or look to save money instead.
That puts pressure on businesses, creating a cycle in which firms then cut back on expanding production, hiring new workers or boosting wages. – Rappler.com
A little under a week ago, the Jacksonville Jaguars came to terms with former Indianapolis Colts wide receiver Donte Moncrief for a one-year deal that was reported to be worth $9.6 million with incentives. However, on Monday, ESPN insider Adam Schefter revealed that the $9.6 million is actually fully guaranteed and Moncrief could also make an extra $2 million in incentives.
Compensation update: Jaguars' WR Donte Moncrief signed a one-year, $9.6 million, fully-guaranteed contract that also contains another $2 million in incentives. — Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) March 19, 2018
With the figures to his deal now officially revealed, it's crystal clear that the Jags brought Moncrief in to hopefully fill Allen Robinson's void, who officially signed with the Chicago Bears last Wednesday. Those will be some hard shoes to fill as Moncrief has never recorded double-digit receiving touchdowns or a 1,000-yard season since entering the league in 2014. In fact, his career-high in terms of touchdowns is seven (2016) and his career-high for receiving yards is 733 (2015).
When looking at the amount the Jags guaranteed Moncrief, it appears they felt they had to do whatever was necessary to acquire a player who could potentially be their No. 1 once Robinson left. That said, hopefully, the Jags' pricey investment in Moncrief will pay off as there are some who feel Moncrief is just as talented as Robinson despite their difference in career receiving yards (1,875 to 2,848).
The Essentia concept graced the stage of the New York Auto Show at the end of March, bringing its swoopy coupe body to signal Genesis' aspirations towards introducing a posh grand tourer some years from now. We might not have to wait a very long time to check it out at a dealership as the company has already announced it's trying to make it happen, with a 2021 release being considered.
While we're patiently waiting for a production version to see the light of day, the glamorous all-electric concept is being shown in different parts of the world for more and more people to admire its lovely carbon fiber body. Case in point, the Essentia made a big splash at the annual Concorso d'Eleganza Villa d'Este event to prove it's a veritable head-turner as all eyes were on the concept while it was silently cruising along the shores of Lake Como in Italy.
From the butterfly doors to the intricate copper-painted wheels (I don't want to be the guy that has to wash those), the Essentia hints at a very promising design language for Hyundai's standalone premium brand. Then there's the minimalist interior proving less is more with an uncluttered look while being chock-full of the latest tech. Best part? Despite being a somewhat futuristic concept, it still has a steering wheel and if you go back and read the press release, you won't find any of the following words: “autonomous,” “self-driving,” or “driverless.”
The low-slung coupe is not only pretty, but seriously quick, needing a mere three seconds to reach 60 mph (96 kph) from a standstill. Genesis' all-electric vehicle packs several electric motors and a high-density battery pack. While technical specifications have not been disclosed, we do know the concept offers a level of performance similar to sports cars wrapped in an electric luxury coupe package.
Hopefully, the Essentia is more than just a tease and Genesis will bring it to the market.
Video: NM2255 Car HD Videos / YouTube
This kit rocks 🥁 I've really been digging the SD2000 so far, excited to dive into some of the more advance features and load in my own samples! Thanks @performermagazine & @playsimmons #drums #drumming #electronicdrums #drumkit #drummer #instadrums #drum #simmons #performermag #makemusic #drumlife
A post shared by dj rek'd (@djrekd) on Dec 9, 2017 at 4:11pm PST
FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016 file photo, an Uber driverless car heads out for a test drive in San Francisco. Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian. Police in the city of Tempe said Monday, March 19, 2018, that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg,File)
FLAGSTAFF — Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.
The testing has been going on for months in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology.
Uber's testing was halted after police in a Phoenix suburb said one of its self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian overnight Sunday. The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit, Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said.
The woman, whose name hasn't been released, died of her injuries at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
The U.S. Department of Transportation is considering other voluntary guidelines that it says will help foster innovation. But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles, citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In 2017 alone, 33 states introduced legislation.
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the autonomous vehicle testing phase. As of early March, the agency received 59 such reports.
AP
DETROIT (WWJ) – Three men have been charged with murder in a slaying inside an elevator at Detroit's Greektown Casino hotel.
Rodney Pritchett, 29, of Detroit; Shawn Wilson, 30 of Farmington Hills; and Carlile Jackson, 30, of Detroit, was arrested by Detroit police in connection with the fatal shooting of 20-year-old Shunsaiah Glaze, early in the morning of Saturday, December 2.
According to Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy, it's alleged that Pritchett,Wilson and Jackson got into a physical fight with the victim, Shunsaiah Glaze, in a hotel room, just after 4 a.m. Glaze left the room, entered an elevator, and Prichett, Jackson and Wilson followed.
While inside the elevator, Worthy says Pritchett fired a handgun striking Glaze in the torso. After the shooting it's alleged that Wilson and Jackson tampered with evidence left in the elevator.
Glaze was taken to a local hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Bond was denied for each of the three defendants at arraignments last week.
Pritchett, was arraigned Dec. 4 on two counts: first degree premeditated murder and felony firearm. Wilson and Jackson were been arraigned Dec. 6 and 7 on three counts each: second degree, murder, tampering with evidence, and felony firearm.
All three where remanded into custody in the Wayne County Jail where they await a probable because conference set for Dec. 14 and a preliminary examination set for Dec. 12, both before Judge Lydia Nance Adams.
CAIRO (AP) - Egypt's military says four troops and 36 Islamic militants have died in the past five days of fighting in the restive Sinai Peninsula.
Monday's statement says one officer was among the four killed army personnel. It also says that eight soldiers were wounded, including two officers.
The military says that it also destroyed 400 hideouts, munition and weapons depots and dismantled 93 explosive devices during the operation.
It says 345 suspected militants and fleeing criminals have been arrested.
Since Egypt launched the wide-scale operation more than a month ago, 20 troops have been killed.
Egypt has been battling Islamic militants for years, but the insurgency gathered steam and grew deadlier after the 2013 ouster by the military, of Mohammed Morsi, an Islamist president whose one year in office proved divisive.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on his cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
Paterson Officer Roger Then was arrested Wednesday and charged with conspiring to violate the patient's civil rights and for concealing the violation. The 29-year-old Paterson resident was due in court later in the day, and it wasn't known if he had an attorney.
Federal prosecutors say Then and another Paterson officer were involved in the separate assaults on March 5. Authorities say the victim had multiple facial injuries, including an eye injury that required surgery.
It wasn't immediately clear if the other officer is facing charges.
Last month, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announced that Australia would be allocating over $500 million Australian dollars (or $379 million USD) in a last-ditch attempt to save the Great Barrier Reef.
The amount is unprecedented, and is the single largest investment that the imperilled ecosystem has ever seen.
But as promising as this news appears on the surface, Australian politicians are raising some major red flags.
Out of that $500 million, about $444 million has been allocated to a tiny, private organization, with no more than six full-time employees, called the Great Barrier Reef Foundation.
It gets even more confusing, because that partnership appears to have come about without appropriate due diligence. In fact, according to recent Senate hearings, there was absolutely no tender or application process before the grant was awarded.
Even now, the partnership has not been officially "consummated," as one government official put it.
"So many questions remain unanswered into how this small foundation …has been granted hundreds of millions in public funding and why the government bypassed the specially designed public bodies that are already doing this work," said Greens senator Peter Whish-Wilson, the party's spokesperson for healthy oceans.
"[The Greens] also have enormous concerns about whether this organisation has anything close to the levels of expertise or governance to effectively distribute this funding.
"No amount of natural resource management or science funding has ever been subjected to so little scrutiny as to where the money ends up."
Even the Great Barrier Reef Foundation was shocked, not only because it is so small, but also because it did not apply for the funding. In fact, the Department of Environment and Energy approached the foundation about the partnership just weeks before the budget.
As small as they are, the foundation has zero experience dealing with such a large grant, which will be given to the non-profit up front as a lump sum if and when the partnership is solidified.
The foundation described the whole thing as like "winning the lotto."
"The foundation is well-placed, having raised tens of millions of dollars previously, to be able to administer investments in the reef and associated programs," argued education minister Simon Birmingham.
Still, anyone who is able to do even the simplest math could figure out that tens of millions is significantly less than hundreds of millions.
Plus, to this day, there is still no concrete answer on how the foundation will spend the millions of dollars, other than that the government will impose "clear conditions."
"The foundation is in the unique position of working across the entire science community and all levels of government, with leading scientists from different institutions, and the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority – the reef managers," a spokeswoman said.
"We work with everyone in the reef community to find the gaps, to find the points of innovation, and to find the areas of the greatest impact."
During Senate estimates hearings, Australian lawmakers wondered why the money hadn't gone to straight to the Reef Trust, which was set up by the Coalition, or other government agencies like the Australian Institute of Marine Science that are better equipped to deal with the issue, and that the government has far more control over.
They were met with evasive answer after evasive answer from officials at the department.
"[The Great Barrier Reef Foundation] should be invited to compete for that funding, and it should be done in a transparent way," said Labor senator Kristina Keneally.
"What we have learnt today is that the government decided to give this foundation the money before they'd approached the board to discuss it."
Now, the Greens and some Labour politicians are pushing for a Senate inquiry into the grant, which would determine whether the organization is up to the intimidating task it has been given.
This article was originally published by Science As Fact.
Science As Fact is our sister site where we cover politics, debunking, fact checking, and humour. If you want more like this, head over to Science As Fact.
In real estate, a ‘win-win' deal is one where everyone benefits: the buyer, the seller, and the real estate agents who serve them both. Buyers get the properly valued property they were promised, sellers get a market-competitive price, and the real estate agents earn reasonable commissions based on their integrity, hard work, and dedication to putting the client's well-being first.
The new home of Keller Williams Integrity Realty — now under construction at 2148 Carling Ave., right across from the Carlingwood shopping centre — is Ottawa's headquarters for professional, career-minded real estate agents who adhere to the win-win principle, and understand that putting clients first is good for their business. After all, satisfied clients come back time and again to a trusted real estate agent when it's time to buy a new home and sell their existing property. Happy clients refer their friends and family to these trusted agents as well.
“The Keller Williams brand is built on integrity, win-win deals, and our agents' long-term financial prosperity,” said Marvin Alexander, Canadian director of Keller Williams Canada. “This is why our new Keller Williams Integrity Realty office is a state-of-the-art, 11,000-square-foot facility dedicated to our agents' success. It will provide the educational support infrastructure these professionals need to achieve profitable win-win deals for their clients across Eastern Ontario.”
“The building, which is located in the Fairlawn Plaza, is in the former Canadian Tire shopping centre,” said Wendy Bell, Keller Williams Integrity Realty's vice-president of operations. “It was purchased by a developer out of Toronto who has built several very successful and busy plazas both in the GTA and Ottawa, and is a very conscientious and careful owner/landlord. He has redeveloped the plaza, giving it a whole new life!”
Very true; Fairlawn Plaza is now home to popular outlets such as TD Bank, the LCBO, The Beer Store, Staples, Shoppers Drug Mart, Bulk Barn, the relocated Trailhead Paddle Shack, Party Mart, and several restaurants including Swiss Chalet, Harvey's, Colonnade Pizza, and a Bridgehead coffee shop — plus other services on the second level.
“We also chose this location, as opposed to the downtown core, because there is plenty of free, unassigned parking, plus great foot and car traffic through the plaza,” Bell said. “The plaza also has easy access to the Queensway, making it an ideal location for us to set up shop.”
The new Keller Williams Integrity Realty office will be a professional quality venue for KW agents to meet with clients, to manage sales opportunities, and tend to their own business affairs.
“We worked with a space planner who has done many KW offices across North America to help us maximize the features of the space available,” Bell said. “That plan was taken to a well-known local architect, Michele Dredge of Dredge Leahy Architects, who worked with us to make the best use of that space — including dealing with its 30-plus-foot ceilings — with finishes that are absolutely top of the line and state of the art.”
“Clients are always told to stage their homes to improve their chances of closing the deal,” Alexander said. “Well, Realtors need to do the same in their own environments.”
As the new office is being built, Keller Williams Integrity Realty is seeking new Realtors to add to its Ottawa team. Not surprisingly, this respected company is offering a win-win arrangement for serious, career-minded real estate agents who want to build their reputations along with their yearly profits, professional expertise, and lifetime financial success.
“Keller Williams works on the idea that our success is built upon our agents' personal success, rather than the flashy self-promotions of a faceless corporate brand,” said Sunny Daljit, vice-president of business development at Keller Williams Integrity Realty. “This is why our Ottawa office will have a modern 75-seat training facility, because KW's ongoing training helps our agents constantly hone their business management, negotiating, and sales skills.” This training comes at no charge to KW agents, yet makes such a difference to their sales success that Keller Williams has won the No. 1 spot on Training Magazine's Training Top 125 list.
For more information about Keller Williams Integrity Realty, contact Danielle Oakley at danielleoakley@kw.com, or call 613-829-1818.
This story was created by Content Works, Postmedia's commercial content division, on behalf of Keller Williams Integrity Realty.
South Carolina co-offensive coordinator Kurt Roper talks with head coach Will Muschamp during his annual football camp. Gerry Melendez gmelendez@thestate.com
The allegations are as elaborate as they are shocking.
Actress Allison Mack, best known for her role as the wholesome Chloe Sullivan on the TV show Smallville, is charged with sex trafficking in connection with a controversial self-help group that one former member described as a “cult.”
In a statement following Mack's arrest and a letter opposing Mack's bail, federal prosecutors have revealed disturbing accusations — including coercive sex, restrictive diets and blackmail — about the inner-workings of the organization, called Nxivm.
The group's co-founder Keith Raniere faces sex trafficking and forced labor charges along with Mack. According to a statement from prosecutors announcing Mack's Friday arrest, Raniere operated a series of self-help workshops, all under the umbrella of the Albany, New York-based organization founded around 2003.
Prosecutors allege Raniere ran Nxivm like a “pyramid scheme” and created a secret society within the group called “DOS” — which according to prosecutors is “an acronym standing for a Latin phrase that loosely translates to ‘Lord/Master of the Obedient Female Companions.' ”
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Investigators allege Raniere, who was known as “Vanguard” within the group, occupied the top of the pyramid and was the DOS's only male member. Beneath him were tiers of female “slaves,” each of whom could become a “master” by recruiting other women into the group, according to prosecutors.
Mack and other women occupied the next tier down from Raniere, authorities believe. According to a letter prosecutors sent to the judge opposing Mack's bail, the actress “was focused on recruiting attractive young women who could meet Raniere's sexual preferences.”
In her alleged role in the group, Mack made new recruits provide “collateral” — defined by prosecutors as “highly-damaging information about friends and family members, nude photographs and/or rights to the recruit's assets.”
Allison Mack Matt Baron/BEI/REX/Shutterstock
The collateral, prosecutors allege, gave Mack leverage with which to blackmail slaves if they told people of DOS' existence or tried to leave the group.
Prosecutors allege that the women Mack is accused of victimizing, referred to in the statement and indictment as Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2, “believed that if they did not participate in [sexual] activities with Raniere, their collateral would be released.”
Collateral was regularly required of women who joined DOS, explained as a tool to ensure that what the participants leared was kept a secret from outsiders, according to a criminal complaint against Raniere.
“In many cases, the masters helped the prospective slaves develop ideas for what would be appropriate collateral or instructed the prospective slaves on lies to tell in order to make the collateral more damaging,” the complaint states.
Accusations of Sleep-Deprivation and Restrictive Diets
Authorities suspect Mack forced DOS “slaves,” including Jane Doe 1, to have sex with Raniere and that Mack “groomed DOS slaves for sex with Raniere by requiring [them] to adhere to extremely restrictive diets and not remove their public hair (in accordance with Raniere's sexual preferences) and by requiring them to remain celibate and not to masturbate.”
According to arguments prosecutors made in court documents, Mack allegedly demanded that the group's slaves partake in “readiness” drills requiring them to respond to their masters at any time of night.
Mack's slaves were also allegedly “kept seriously sleep-deprived and emaciated to the point where they stopped menstruating.”
Additionally, DOS slaves were allegedly “branded in their pelvic regions with a cauterizing pen with a symbol that, unbeknownst to them, incorporated Raniere's initials.”
Prosecutors claim that during ceremonies in which her slaves were branded, Mack “placed her hands on the slaves' chests and told them to ‘feel the pain' and to ‘think of [their] master,]' as the slaves cried with pain.”
The prosecutor's letter to the judge in Mack's case also alleges that she “provided naked photographs of her slaves to Raniere and was aware of Raniere's proclivity for having sex with multiple young women.”
In return, according to the letter, Mack allegedly “received financial benefits of the form of continued status and participation in DOS, as well as financial opportunities from Raniere.”
Keith Raniere
Mack has previously discussed her connection with Raniere. “Over the course of several years, Mr. Raniere mentored Allison in her study of acting and music,” her website stated. (It was taken offline after her arrest.)
For the past two decades, an estimated 16,000 people have paid as much as $3,400 for an executive coaching workshop offered by Nxivm, which promises to take participants on a journey of personal discovery and development, according to previous PEOPLE reports.
Mack and Raniere are both charged with sex trafficking, sex trafficking conspiracy and forced labor conspiracy. Both face 15 years in prison, minimum, if convicted.
Mack pleaded not guilty to the charges last Friday. According to court documents obtained by PEOPLE, she is negotiating a possible plea deal.
A representative for Mack has declined to comment to PEOPLE on her arrest. PEOPLE's calls to her attorney, Sean Stephen Buckley, have not been returned.
Raniere has not yet entered a plea. PEOPLE's attempts to contact his attorney, Danielle R. Smith, were not immediately returned on Tuesday morning.
In statements previously posted to Nxivm's website, Raniere said all involved in the subgroup were consenting adults and that Nxivm was not involved in what he called a “sorority.” The group has not responded to numerous requests for comment from PEOPLE.
In the fall, they denounced a New York Times article about them as “a criminal product of criminal minds.”
• With reporting STEVE HELLING
Cupanion, a reusable product company and app, is partner­ing with the University of Washington to push for a campus wide commitment to sustainability.
Cupanion sells reusable water bot­tles and has developed an easy-to-use app for tracking one's carbon footprint. They have distributed stickers to all UW campuses, which have a barcode on them that students can scan with their phones through the app each time they fill their reusable water bottles. At UWT, you can find the stickers in the University Book Store, library and UWT YMCA center. Users can down­load the Cupanion app for free from the App Store or Google Play.
Cupanion has also started a cam­paign called Fill it Forward, where every time a user scans their bottle, Cupanion provides a cup of clean wa­ter to someone in need.
The company's mission statement revolves around inspiring sustainabil­ity. Their website states, “We combine technology with sustainability to in­spire the world to reuse. Our app bridges the gap between information and reality to help you understand your environmental footprint.”
Raelin Goodwin, UWT sophomore and sustainable development major, has had the app for a few months and now better understands her own environmen­tal impact.
“I don't use the app all the time, but it serves as a reminder that my actions matter,” Goodwin said.
The app allows users to track the amount of waste they have reduced, emis­sions saved and how much ocean pollu­tion they have prevented.
“It's something so simple, but as a whole, we still struggle to make the tran­sition away from plastic,” Goodwin said. “I think the stickers represent our con­tinued efforts, and UWT's commitment to sustainability on multiple levels.”
The interactive app allows for users to earn badges when they have reached certain milestones, such as the Dino Badge which can be earned when users have prevented 83 cups from ending up in a landfill. Users can also track their own consumption of water through the app.
Keith Harris, professor of sustainable urban development, believes any type of environmental awareness program will benefit UWT.
“I think that any program that helps cultivate environmental awareness about our overextended consumption habits is worthwhile,” Harris said. “Whether it's an app, a counter on water fountains that shows how many plastic bottles are saved by refilling bottles instead, or discounts at coffee shops for bringing in a reusable mug — these are all important interven­tions that help make us more reflective and spur us to think about other unex­amined habits.”
Like this: Like Loading...
Right now, Earth is passing through the tail of debris left behind by the comet 21P/Giacobini-Zinner, which sounds scary, but is actually awesome, because it brings us the spectacular Draconid meteor shower, peaking on October 7 and 8.
Most years the Draconids are quite mild, but every few years the meteor shower unexpectedly bursts into storm. During the 2011 Draconid shower, more than 600 meteors per hour were visible in the sky, despite a bright Moon at the time.
While we're not guaranteed to see such a spectacular show this year, it's worth heading out with a blanket and a hot chocolate to check it out, because you never know when the shower will become a storm.
So how do you watch? Viewing is best in the northern hemisphere and in the higher latitudes, so unfortunately the Draconids won't be visible for everyone.
But the good news is that this is one of the few meteor showers that you don't have to stay up too late for.
While most meteor showers are best viewed just before dawn, the Draconids are best viewed from just after sunset to midnight, so it's perfect for your weekend evening plans.
According to EarthSky, here's the best way to watch:
Spend an hour or more under a dark and open sky, lying down and with your feet pointing northward. Oftentimes, this hard-to-predict shower doesn't offer much more than a handful of languid meteors per hour .. But you never know for sure with the Draconids, so it's worth watching out for on the evening of October 7 and 8.
The meteor shower radiates from the northern constellation Draco the Dragon (hence its name). Because it originates so far north in our night sky, people living in northern US, Canada, Europe, and Northern Asia will have the best shot of seeing meteors.
Unfortunately, the Moon is waning gibbous at the moment, which means it rises pretty early in the evening, so get out as close to sunset as you can before the Moon rises to catch the skies while they're still dark. You can check here to see when the Moon will rise where you are.
Happy viewing!
WASHINGTON (CNS) -- In the aftermath of a chaos- and hate-filled weekend in Virginia, Catholic bishops and groups throughout the nation called for peace after three people died and several others were injured following clashes between pacifists, protesters and white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia, Aug. 11 and 12.
A 32-year-old paralegal Heather D. Heyer was killed when a car plowed into a group in Charlottesville on Saturday. Various news outlets have identified the driver as James Alex Fields,who allegedly told his mother he was attending a rally for President Donald Trump. Reports say the car allegedly driven by Fields plowed into a crowd during a white nationalist rally and a counter-rally the afternoon of Aug. 12.
The bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Richmond, Virginia, was one of the first to call for peace following the violence in Charlottesville late Aug. 11, which led to the events the following day.
Thanks for signing up!
HARRISONVILLE, Mo. (AP) — A man connected to two Kansas City-area women who disappeared about 10 years apart has been charged with murder in their deaths.
Kylr Yust was charged Thursday with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of abandoning a corpse in the deaths of 17-year-old Kara Kopetsky of Belton and 21-year-old Jessica Runions of Raymore. He is being held on $1 million bond.
Yust had long been a suspect in the two deaths. Runions was seen leaving a gathering with Yust before she disappeared in September 2016.
Kopetsky had filed a protection order against Yust in April 2007, a month before she went missing after walking out of Belton High School.
The remains of Kopetsky and Runions were found in April in a rural area near Belton.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Anhui Genuine New Materials Co Ltd :
* SAYS SHARE TRADE TO RESUME ON FEB 5 Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2DVWmAb Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
TUESDAY, April 24, 2018 (American Heart Association) -- Coffee. Cup of joe. Java. No matter what you call it, millions of people worldwide wake up and fuel their day with it. And though consumers might be jittery about the recent court battle in California over cancer warnings, experts say most of the science actually indicates coffee could have health benefits.
"The overall picture is quite clear," said Dr. Frank Hu, chair of nutrition at Harvard University's T.H. Chan School of Public Health. "There is no long-term increased risk of major chronic disease, including diabetes, cardiovascular disease or even cancer."
The java confusion stems over an eight-year court case. A Los Angeles-based judge's preliminary decision last month requires cancer warning labels because of concerns about acrylamide, a chemical produced during the roasting process. Acrylamide also is present in some fried or roasted starchy foods, including french fries, potato chips, breakfast cereals and toast. It's also found in cigarette smoke. The judge gave the coffee industry a few weeks to file appeals and could issue a final ruling late this month.
But there's little evidence acrylamide levels in food cause cancer in humans. Studies have found no consistent evidence acrylamide exposure in food is associated with cancer risk, according to the U.S. National Cancer Institute. The World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer reviewed more than 1,000 human and animal studies and issued a statement in 2016 that "found no conclusive evidence for a carcinogenic effect of drinking coffee."
"The California judge's decision to label coffee as a cancer risk is really inconsistent with the scientific literature," Hu said. "It's very misleading and has already caused a huge amount of confusion in the general public. The health outcomes have been remarkably consistent."
Hu was senior author of a 2015 study in the journal Circulation that concluded people who regularly drink moderate amounts of coffee daily -- fewer than five cups -- experienced a lower risk of death from heart and neurological diseases.
About four years ago, the U.S. government gave coffee its OK, too. The Department of Agriculture's dietary guidelines for all Americans, published every five years as a go-to source for nutrition advice, said three to five cups a day, which can be up to 400 milligrams a day of caffeine, can be part of a healthy diet. The American Heart Association suggests that people who have an arrhythmia, an abnormal heart rhythm, talk to their health care provider about caffeine intake.
"This guidance on coffee is informed by strong and consistent evidence showing that, in healthy adults, moderate coffee consumption is not associated with an increased risk of major chronic diseases (e.g., cancer) or premature death, especially from cardiovascular disease," the federal guidelines say. "However, individuals who do not consume caffeinated coffee or other caffeinated beverages are not encouraged to incorporate them into their eating pattern."
More recently, a review of more than 200 studies published last fall in the BMJ concluded three to four cups a day may be "more likely to benefit health than harm." It found a lower risk of liver disease and some cancers in coffee drinkers, and a lower risk of dying from stroke.
All of that should be good news to the people around the world who drink more than 1.1 billion cups of coffee each day.
But it's still easy to be confused. A quick search for coffee and health online yields hundreds, even thousands, of results.
Studies abound -- some funded by the coffee industry. For example, a European Journal of Nutrition study investigated the effects of coffee and its antioxidant properties and found no effect. Researchers took blood samples of 160 volunteers who drank up to three to five cups of coffee or water each day for eight weeks.
"Up to five cups of coffee per day had no detectable effect, either beneficial or harmful, on human health," that study concluded. It was funded by Kraft Foods, which makes Maxwell House coffees.
Of course, "no one is talking about coffee as a magic bullet," Hu said. He and other experts say it's important to keep track of the bigger picture, with the focus on moderation and dietary patterns.
"You can't pin anything on any one specific lifestyle behavior, particularly with diet," said Alice Lichtenstein, a senior scientist and director of the Cardiovascular Nutrition Laboratory at Tufts University in Boston.
"When we talk about diet, it should really be about the whole package, not single items. Right now, the majority of the evidence suggests there may be a health benefit from drinking coffee and there doesn't seem to be any disadvantage. Of course, with a caveat that you don't want to add a lot of cream and sugar, or to use it as an excuse to have a few cookies or a pastry. Then, there is a downside," said Lichtenstein, a professor of nutrition science and policy who also was an advisor on the federal dietary guidelines.
"We have a tendency to focus on one or two specific foods or beverages, and that's when the whole floor falls out from under us."
Copyright is owned or held by the American Heart Association, Inc., and all rights are reserved. If you have questions or comments about this story, please email editor@heart.org.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Madrid: Real Madrid striker Cristiano Ronaldo will pay the money the Spanish Treasury demands if it withdraws its request for him to be given a prison sentence for an alleged tax fraud of 14.7 million euros, Spanish media reported on Monday.
However, the Portuguese captain is not willing to admit he has committed any criminal offence, Xinhua news agemncy reported.
The Treasury's petition last week for an eight year prison sentence for another former Real Madrid player, Xabi Alonso, for three cases of alleged fraud, totalling eight million euros, provoked Ronaldo and his advisors to attempt to find a negotiated solution to the charges against him, rather than continuing to fight the case through the courts.
Until now Ronaldo, like Alonso, has strongly denied he committed fraud to avoid paying tax on earnings from image rights but his idea now is to offer the Treasury a "blank cheque" to avoid a prison term. Meanwhile, he continued to insist that despite earnings from image rights being paid to societies in various tax havens, such as the Virgin Islands, he never intended to avoid paying taxes in Spain and that he always gave orders to his advisors to pay what corresponded to him, for which reason he refuses to accept any criminal responsibility. The media informs that Ronaldo hopes the case can be resolved administratively, adding that after Madrid President, spoke in his defence on a public radio station, he is more confident this will be the case.
A soldier stands guard along federal highway BR-116 which connects to Mercosur countries, after the military cleared truckers, who were protesting rising fuel costs, from blocking the road in Embu das Artes, on the outskirts of São Paulo, Brazil, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (AP Photo/Andre Penner)
A soldier stands guard along federal highway BR-116 which connects to Mercosur countries, after the military cleared truckers, who were protesting rising fuel costs, from blocking the road in Embu das Artes, on the outskirts of São Paulo, Brazil, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (AP Photo/Andre Penner)
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) - Brazilian oil workers have begun a 72-hour strike on the heels of a crippling nationwide truck drivers' strike that has started winding down after 10 days.
The country's two main oil workers' unions say the strike was called to demand lower fuel prices and the resignation of Pedro Parente, president of state-owned oil company Petrobras.
The strike began Wednesday in defiance of Brazil's top labor court, which declared it illegal and said the unions will have to pay a daily fine of 500,000 reals (about $135,000).
According to the Oil Worker's Federation, the strike has halted production at refineries in six states.
Petrobras said in a statement that contingency teams were operating production units where the strike prevented shift changes from taking place.
The Canadian government has just closed its online public consultations on the plan to ban unhealthy food advertising aimed at children. A coalition of 12 non-governmental organizations will keep up the pressure for it to restrict the commercial marketing of food and beverages to those under 16 years old.
Restriction has had success, says doctor
“Currently, 90 per cent of advertisements of food and beverages directed to children are for unhealthy products,” says Dr. Jan Hux, chief science officer at Diabetes Canada, a member of the coalition. Banning them, she says, has proven effects.
Hux notes that the province of Quebec banned such advertising to children under 13 in 1980. A recent study suggests the consumption of fast food by children and youth there was 13 per cent lower than that of comparable children in the province of Ontario. Among Canadian children between six and 11 years old, the consumption of fruit and vegetables was highest in Quebec and the rate of obesity was lowest. “So we know that Quebec has successfully implemented this,” she concludes.
.
Because children have so much access to the internet, it is proposed advertising be restricted there too.
Restrictions beyond radio and TV
Hux says the concern about advertising goes beyond what is on television and radio. “With the rampant access to the internet, particularly among young people and children, that becomes a very strong source of advertising. So, marketing for this Health Canada consultation has been defined very broadly to include those kinds of advertisements beyond that—insertions of advertisements into video games, product placement, sponsorship, promotions, celebrity endorsements—really thinking of the whole gamut of marketing.”
Striving for ‘a lifetime of healthy living'
Hux says it's urgent the government act on this soon. She notes that more than 30 per cent of Canadian children are either overweight or obese and that can be bad for their self-esteem and their health. “Obesity is a major risk factor for Type 2 diabetes. The number of Canadians with diabetes has doubled in the last 12 years and that growth continues with a new diagnosis every three minutes…so we really need to get serious about prevention.
“Making changes in childhood really sets a child up for a lifetime of healthy living.”
Unhealthy eating also contributes to heart disease and other chronic diseases. The government will hold another round of consultations before it tables legislation on the marketing of unhealthy foods to youth and children.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If it were possible for Matt Garvey to be even more determined to beat Toulon, he has now reached peak determination.
The Bath Rugby captain was visibly upset having given his all at Stade Felix Mayol before losing 24-20 in the European Champions Cup.
It's not the first time the flanker has lost narrowly to the giants from Provence. The Blue, Black and Whites were edged out 12-9 and 19-14 in consecutive weekends in January, 2016 at the same stage of the competition.
They have another shot at the three-time European kings on Saturday evening at the Rec.
“I don't we could get closer to winning than we did today,” said Garvey.
“It was pretty emotional after the game. We spoke in the huddle and it was pretty bitter out there.
(Image: David Rogers/Getty Images)
“We didn't come here for a losing bonus point by any means. We came here for the four points because of previous experiences - how close we've come in the past and how close we've become as a squad.
“We thought we had it. The work rate the boys put in was outstanding and to come so close when you've played well is tough.
“At the same point, we're extremely encouraged for next week.
“We felt like the way we played we deserved to win and that's why it's gutting, but also quite positive.
“Already, the boys are looking forward to the rematch.”
Anthony Watson scored a first-half try and two Rhys Priestland penalties meant the visitors led 13-7 at the interval.
Toulon went in front when Alby Mathewson snuck over while Chris Cook was in the sin-bin, before Chris Ashton's sliced clearance gifted a score to Jonathan Joseph.
Bath led with four minutes to go but Anthony Belleau's clever kick-and-gather try won it for the hosts.
Garvey felt his team were hard done by with some of the decisions made by referee Andrew Brace, namely when what looked like a block by Florian Fresia on Matt Banahan helped Ma'a Nonu score a first-half try.
(Image: AFP Photo/Bertrand Langlois)
Bath ended up conceding 14 penalties to Toulon's seven.
Garvey added: “I spoke to him about it (potential blocking) and he said they were already looking but didn't see anything wrong with it.
“It's difficult because you don't want to push the referee and annoy him so you're out of favour.
“I thought we had a good relationship. You can only ask the referee so much before you start to lose them, I guess.”
Dear Editor,
The notice by police that 72 drivers were ticketed is good to hear but this needs to happen as a matter of course – everyday! Plus nobody needs to hear about it.
The public will feel it. The police do too much lip service and PR on everything – WHY? You know, BP, policing is a real joke in the Bahamas.
They drive around with their emergency lights on. What is that about? The element of surprise is lost! They hold roadblocks only when the thugs commit murder.
They come out with speed guns when too many people die in accidents and they come out near the end of the month when car licenses expire. They are too predictable!
The public-at-large doesn't respect them. I'm gonna be 50 next year and it's the same old ting for a half a century.
Sign.
S. Taylor
The Dominican beauty and star of Univision's “Despierta America” program, Francisca Lachapel now has a new title to be proud of after being named ambassador of the skincare brand Conffianz. The root of the line's name comes from the word “confident”, which is engrained in the brand's philosophy of promoting female empowerment and self-confidence. Perfect for the Nuestra Belleza Latina 2015 winner! Conffianz, who has partnered up with Univision for this collaboration, sees the ex pageant queen as the ideal role model to represent their products. “We believe that Francisca projects everything that Conffianz represents and we're absolutely delighted to team up with her and Univision,” said Peter P. Snitzer Jr, CEO of Conffianz, in a press release for the brand. “The best is yet to come!”
“I'm very excited to collaborate with Conffianz, a skincare brand that targets women like myself… the products really work, and so they give me that extra push I need to really feel confident and live my life to the maximum everyday!” said Lachapel about Conffianz that's known for its products that treat hyper pigmentation. As an ambassador for the brand she will be involved in the communications, marketing, and promotional activities for the brand as well as use her platform as a celebrity to spread Conffianz's messages of empowerment.
This article originally appeared on People En Español CHICA.
SANTA FE, Texas - One of the Santa Fe High School shooting victims has been upgraded to fair condition, according to her mother.
Sonia Lopez-Puentes says her daughter Sarah Salazar is improving but she is in a lot of pain. She also says she can get up and move around and is no longer on any machines or monitors.
Sarah is one of the students shot at Santa Fe High School in the mass shooting on May 18, 2018.
She has had many visitors at the hospital as she continues to recover since the shooting including Texans star J.J. Watt and pop superstar Justin Timberlake.
A GoFundMe account has been set up to help Sarah's family.
MORE: Santa Fe shooting victim's mother shares update on daughter's injuries
Photos: Victims killed in the mass shooting at Santa Fe High School
Photos: Victims of the Santa Fe High School shooting 01 / 31 01 / 31
© 2018 KHOU
The Kansas Department of Education will use a $27 million federal grant to support literacy programs in the state's schools.
The three-year grant from the U.S. Department of Education is one of the largest grants ever received by the agency. The Wichita Eagle reports it will fund the Kansas Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy Initiative.
It will support literacy programs for students from birth through 12th grade, focusing on English learners and students with disabilities.
Districts serving at least 5,000 students may apply individually. Districts serving fewer than 5,000 students may apply as part of a consortium.
Eight districts or consortia will be chosen to receive about $1 million a year for three years.
The grant also will pay for a program consultant, an administrative assistant and an evaluation team.
The beef, dairy, lamb and goat show highlighted the night at the livestock barn during the parish fair Thursday.
The show had more than 40 entries.
In the beef division, Riley Austin took the award for grand champion beef showman and overall chapion heifer.
Paige Sanders took the awards for reserve champion beef showman, grand champion brahman influenced bull and reserve champion brahma influenced heifer.
Lexi Sanders took the award for reserve champion brahma bull.
Austin Ketchum took the awards for grand champion non brahman influenced heifer and reserve overall heifer.
Clara Robinson took the grand champion commercial heifer award while Frances Robinson took the reserve champion heifer award.
Overall champion in the steer division went to Gavin Sanders.
In the goat division, Harlie Walker took the champion goat showman award and champion market goat.
Reserve champion goat showman went to Devin Mayfield and champion sheep showman went to Peyton Griffin.
In the sheep division, Gavin Sanders was named champion sheep showman and reserve champion sheep showman went to Brooke Walker.
In the lamb division, Karlee Lange took the champion market lamb award and Gavin Sanders took reserve champion market lamb award.
Ending the night, the prestigious Doug Sale Exhibitor Award went to Harlie Walker.
Gates will open to the public at 5 p.m. Friday. The Hard Times Band will be the featured performers beginning at 7 p.m.
Saturday is kids' day from 1 until 5 p.m. with a pizza-eating contest at 2 p.m. Gates open at noon with a special offer of five rides for $5. The Dorcheat Bottom Band will perform from 1 until 5 p.m. and again at 7 p.m.
Related
Comments
comments
Action plan for Sophia squatter containment reviewed
DPI, GUYANA, Friday, October 06, 2017
The Central Housing & Planning Authority (CH&PA) and a six-member Anti-Squatting Task Force from Constituencies 5 and 6 met on Wednesday and mulled over an action plan for squatter containment in the Sophia area.
With regards to squatting, Minister within Ministry of Communities Valerie Adams-Patterson-Yearwood said that it is her intention to replicate the action plan in the administrative regions in an effort to regularise areas and to identify those that do not qualify for such due to environmental issues.
She noted that though the government does not have all of the answers or resources in addressing the squatting matters, the agency is currently, partnering with the Inter-America Bank (IDB) to obtain funding for housing.
Earlier this year, CH&PA engaged with several financial agencies including IDB to secure funding for low-cost housing to assist persons squatting on Government reserves. From data collected, the agency reviewed the relocation of approximately 12,000 persons from communities such as East and West Ruimveldt, Sophia and Diamond on the East Bank Demerara.
The key stakeholder agencies engaged in the discussions were: Guyana Water Incorporated (GWI), Ministry of Public Infrastructure, Ministry of Public Security, Mayor and City Council (M&CC), National Drainage and Irrigation Authority (NDIA), Guyana Power and Light (GPL) and Guyana Lands and Survey.
It is the view of the Central Housing & Planning Authority (CH&PA) that the public standard of living must be elevated and provided with all the necessary amenities, in keeping with the 2030 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of ensuring access to safe and affordable housing,
By: Neola Damon
The CIA released 470,000 additional files on Wednesday from the 2011 raid that killed Osama Bin Laden, including a surprising list of movies found at his Pakistan compound. Mazhar Ali Khan AP
Omaha, Neb., (June 14, 2017) -- A major discovery about a set of immune cells, published today in the journal Science Advances, started with a Creighton University physics professor going a little farther on an experiment than was initially planned.
First author on the paper, the Rev. Andrew Ekpenyong, MS'08, PhD, an assistant professor in the Department of Physics, was a doctoral student at the University of Cambridge in 2011, working with a team of medical doctors and scientists studying the stiffness of cells when he noticed something strange about a certain type of immune cell -- the neutrophil. The more Ekpenyong pulled the cell with an optical stretcher -- a special kind of dual-beam laser invented by Jochen Guck, PhD, a co-senior author on the paper -- the smoother and more rounded the cell became.
Neutrophils, a special kind of white blood cell, are the human body's version of the Wild West desperado, shooting first and asking questions later, when foreign objects enter the body. Through cell signaling, neutrophils are first on the scene in such instances, going from a round, smooth and quiet cell to a rough-edged, activated one in an instant. It can take a neutrophil up to an hour to regain its quietude, but as Ekpenyong noticed, manipulation with the optical stretcher can speed the process of depolarization down to about one minute.
"It was just one of those cases where you start out to do one thing and take just one or two steps further for a bit of fun or further insight, and you have something else," said Ekpenyong, who earned a master's degree in physics from Creighton and joined the faculty in 2014 after post-doctoral work at Technical University of Dresden in Germany with Guck. "One of the lead researchers I was working with saw the video I had taken, jumped from his chair, left the room and beckoned his medical colleague to take a look."
That researcher is Edwin Chilvers, PhD, a professor of respiratory medicine in Cambridge's Department of Medicine. For Chilvers, another co-senior author on the paper, the discovery has implications across a broad spectrum of maladies, most notably acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and acute lung injury (ALI).
In those cases, activated neutrophils have become stuck in the lungs' tiny capillaries, leading to a host of life-threatening problems. Scientists have been searching for a chemical means of calming the cells, but to no avail. Ekpenyong's physics-based approach has led to his development of a microfluidic device that mimics the body's microvascular system by squeezing and stretching the neutrophils into their tranquil state, after they are activated.
The challenge now, Ekpenyong said, will be to find a way to translate this discovery into a clinical application, something at which Cambridge and Dresden researchers are already hard at work.
###
PARIS, April 13 French supermarket retailer Carrefour reported higher first-quarter revenues, slightly above the consensus market forecast, and maintained its full-year sales growth outlook.
Carrefour, which is the world's second-biggest retailer, said group first-quarter sales had risen 6.2 percent at current exchange rates to 21.3 billion euros ($22.7 billion) as strong performance in Brazil boosted turnover.
The consensus sales forecast, according to a poll for Reuters compiled by Inquiry Financial, stood at 21.2 billion euros.
Carrefour said it was sticking to its target for full-year 2017 sales growth of 3-5 percent, at constant exchange rates.
($1 = 0.9371 euros) (Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
Feb. 2 (UPI) -- To hunt successfully, cheetahs must keep their head still and eyes focused on the movements of their prey while running at high speed. How does the fastest animal in the world do it?
New research suggests the feline's inner ear is specially-designed to maintain balance and visual focus while running at speeds upwards of 60 miles per hour.
"If you watch a cheetah run in slow motion, you'll see incredible feats of movement: its legs, its back, its muscles all move with such coordinated power," Camille Grohé, a research fellow at the American Museum of Natural History, said in a news release. "But its head hardly moves at all."
In mammals, the inner ear plays an important role in balance and orientation. For the cheetah, the inner ear must preform these essential functions at high-speeds.
"Until now, no one has investigated the inner ear's role in this incredible hunting specialization," Grohé said.
The mammalian inner ear features three interconnected semicircular canals, each with fluid and sensory hairs that perceive even the slightest movements of the head. Each canal is oriented at a unique angle to detect different directional motions: vertical, horizontal and side-to-side tilt.
To understand how cheetahs evolved a unique iteration of the inner ear, scientists used high-resolution X-ray computed tomography to image semicircular canals in the skulls of modern cheetahs, Acinonyx jubatus, and a close relative, Acinonyx pardinensis, which went extinct 126,000 years ago. The images helped scientists build 3D digital images of the two species' inner ear.
Scientists found the inner ear of modern cheetahs boasts greater volume that the inner ear of other modern felines. Their anterior and posterior semicircular canals are both longer.
"This distinctive inner ear anatomy reflects enhanced sensitivity and more rapid responses to head motions, explaining the cheetah's extraordinary ability to maintain visual stability and to keep their gaze locked in on prey even during incredibly high-speed hunting," said John Flynn, curator of mammalian fossils at the museum.
Acinonyx pardinensis was also without a more voluminous inner ear, suggesting the cheetah's vestibular system is modern specialization.
Researchers published their findings in the journal Scientific Reports.
Fifteen years ago today, March 20, the “Coalition of the Willing” declared war on Iraq. We now know that war was based on a monumental and inexcusable lie about Iraq possessing “weapons of mass destruction”, and that the war itself was a crime under international law. But we tend to forget that WMDs wasn't the only lie told us at the time. There was also the lie about the anthrax attacks in the USA, which in some ways can be counted even more egregious and cold-blooded.
We were told the anthrax that killed five people and harmed 17 others had been positively identified as originating in Iraq. Colin Powell's famous “test tube full of washing powder” was a bit of theatre designed to sell us on this alleged fact. But it wasn't true.
Almost immediately after the attacks the FBI knew the anthrax must have been homegrown,or at least produced somewhere with sophisticated laboratory equipment. But since this fact didn't fit with the al Qaeda narrative it was sppressed from public knowledge. By October 2001 the Guardian was reporting “Iraq ‘behind US anthrax outbreaks'.” All the usual suspects in promoting imperialist war soon followed suit.
The narrative at this time was clearly intended to be that Iraq was the state-sponsor of al Qaeda terror, and had not only been a supporter of the 9/11 attacks but had provided Osama' boys with the goods to murder even more Americans with anthrax. This, obviously, was intended to act as the rationale for attacking those two vitally strategic countries in the the US's project for dominance in the Middle east and Asia – Iraq and Afghanistan.
But, as so often seems to happen, this narrative was almost immediately undermined by official White House statements (perhaps originating in elements of the government anxious to preserve the administration from outright association with a lie) that the anthrax in question showed no signs of coming from Iraq, because they specifically lacked an ingredient called bentonite. Which, as we now know, was true.
This official denial, based on solid scientific evidence, should have been an end to the story. But, as the film above shows, owing to a vast campaign of distraction and deception by politicians and the media, the completely discredited story of Iraqi responsibility for the anthrax attacks continue to flourish and even gain momentum. Outlets such as ABC and, most prominently, from Judith Miller (whose pre-2001prescience about the dangers of anthrax in the US seems truly breathtaking) in the New York Times, brazenly continued to sell the idea in feature articles, specials and endless repetition in the nightly news.
And what was the central “fact” on which the media story of Iraq's guilt was built?
Nothing less than the completely and provably false claim the White House had already denied – that there was bentonite in the anthrax.
Even the White House, the same White House that had officially denied the presence of bentonite and therefore ruled out Iraq involvement, continue to use implications, lies by omission and weasel words to enable the opposite view to become lodged in the public mind.
These people didn't just bend the truth, or fudge or obfuscate. They lied. They invented whole narratives, they made up whole backstories, they looked us in the camera's eye on TV and completely deceived us. The media's Anthrax Meme never existed. Not one single part of it. And even while Colin Powell was allowing us to believe the story he had known for more than a year that it was a complete fabrication
The UK government is currently lying to us about the Skripal poisoning. We know that already to be beyond doubt. The only question is how deep the lie goes this time.
When we look back at 2001 we have to realise it could be very deep indeed.
BRANDISHING a rainbow flag on stage Macklemore congratulated Australia on passing same-sex marriage as he kicked off the Australian leg of his Gemini tour in Brisbane last night.
The passionate pro-marriage equality rapper caused a stir when he was in Australia last September, performing his song ‘Same Love' at the NRL Grand Final as a declaration of support for the ‘Yes' campaign.
Speaking about it for the first time on Australian soil, he admitted the controversy made him feel uncomfortable.
“There was some controversy around me coming out here, a little bit of controversy ... some people, some former politicians were saying some things. I don't really get nervous about things like that, but I was a little bit nervous,” he said.
“Not only did we play the song that people were talking about, that small amount of hatred, that small level of noise was overpowered by an overwhelming amount of love.
“Personally I want to say congratulations to all of Australia at taking one step towards equality for all human beings regardless of who they choose to love. Love wins!”
Armed with ponchos and gumboots a sellout crowd of 9000 — the biggest Australian audience for Macklemore's Gemini tour — gathered at Brisbane's Riverstage outdoor venue despite the threat of rain.
Macklemore satisfied fans both new and old with all of his best-known songs including ‘Dance Off', ‘R. I. P' and ‘Thrift Shop'.
He told the crowd he went straight to the tattoo parlour and the local op shops when he arrived in Brisbane on Thursday.
He also announced his wife's pregnancy to roaring applause, declaring that toddler Sloane, the inspiration behind several of his songs, would have a new brother or sister next month.
The Gemini tour will play sold-out shows in Sydney this weekend, and Melbourne on February 6 and 7 before hitting New Zealand.
OnePlus has confirmed when the next OnePlus phone will be available.
Speaking to CNET, OnePlus CEO Pete Lau revealed the next OnePlus phone - presumably called the OnePlus 6 - will come out late in the second quarter of 2018. Also, according to Lau, the company has “no choice” but to release the OnePlus 6 with a Snapdragon 845 system on a chip. Other than that, he provided little information.
He did, however, discuss the issue of US carriers, and that OnePlus is going to start talking with them, with the hopes of striking a deal that would get OnePlus phones sold through them. But, that's all that was mentioned. There's no word yet about any deal actually being in the works, and there's no more details about the OnePlus 6.
However, rumour has it, the OnePlus 6 will feature a more secure version of "face unlock" technology. It is expected to adopt a similar hardware approach to the iPhone X, making use of an infrared 3D camera module. The OnePlus 6 might even have a complete top bezel to house that camera and the sensors, rather than a notch.
We'll keep you posted as we learn more.
* Geopolitical risks rising after Tillerson comments
* Takashimaya surges on higher profit hopes
By Ayai Tomisawa
TOKYO, April 10 Japan's Nikkei share average rose on Monday morning as comments from a U.S. central banker supported the dollar against the yen, bolstering exporter stocks, while rising U.S. yields helped financial stocks outperform.
The Nikkei gained 0.8 percent to 18,811.62 in midmorning trade.
New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley on Friday said there may only be a "little pause" in the central bank's rate hike plans this year. This contrasted with market interpretations of earlier comments that there may be a more significant delay in Fed tightening this year as it looks to shrink its balance sheet.
On Friday, data showed that U.S. employers added about 98,000 jobs in March, the fewest since last May and well below economists' expectation of 180,000, as bad weather hit construction hiring.
"Wall Street indexes posted only minor drops after the jobs report and it seems that the U.S. market downplayed the results, and that's helping sentiment in Japanese equities," said Masaru Hamasaki, head of market and investment information department at Amundi Japan.
The dollar rose 0.3 percent to 111.43 yen, lifting exporters, with Nissan Motor Co rising 1.2 percent, TDK Corp adding 1.5 percent and Tokyo Electron Ltd gaining 1.5 percent.
That said, Hamasaki added that going forward, investors will likely stay cautious against geopolitical risks after top aides to U.S. President Donald Trump differed on Sunday on where U.S. policy on Syria was headed after last week's attack on a Syrian air base. Meanwhile, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned the strikes were a warning to other nations, including North Korea.
"There is growing uncertainty over what the U.S. would do with North Korea if the country stays consistent to its (Tillerson's) message," Hamasaki said.
On Monday, Japanese financial companies which seek high yielding investment products outperformed. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group advanced 1.0 percent and Sompo Holdings surged 1.2 percent.
Meanwhile, Takashimaya Co soared to more than a one-week high after the department store operator said it expects that its operating profit for the year ending February 2018 to rise 2.9 percent on year to 35 billion yen, exceeding 34.5 billion yen estimated by seven analysts polled by Thomson Reuters Starmine.
The broader Topix gained 0.6 percent to 1,498.00 and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 advanced 0.6 percent to 13,423.72. (Editing by Sam Holmes)
July 4 (UPI) -- Rescuers taught a dozen teen boys and their soccer coach, trapped in a cave in Thailand, how to use scuba masks for diving before a possible evacuation.
Thailand's Navy Seals released a video of the boys aged 11-16 smiling and laughing with military divers while introducing themselves to the camera in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province.
Two British volunteer divers found the missing boys Monday night after a nine-day search. And seven members of the Seals, including two medics, have joined them.
Most if not all of the boys don't know how to swim. At a news conference Wednesday, the province's governor, Narongsak Osatanakorn, said the boys have been practicing wearing diving masks and breathing.
He said it was unknown if an evacuation involving diving could be attempted.
"If it's risky or not safe, we will not proceed yet," he said. "It has to be 100 percent safe."
It takes experienced divers about 3 hours to go the 2.5-mile route from the cave entrance to where the boys are trapped, the British Cave Rescue Council said. It dispatched members to help with the operation.
"There's air pockets along the way," Gary Mitchell, the group's assistant vice chairman, told The Independent. "It's confined spaces. It's almost zero visibility. There are currents to battle against in places as well. So it's a really quite a strenuous environment to be in," he said.
Officials would prefer to clear enough water from the system to allow the boys to walk out. By late Tuesday, about 32 million gallons of water had been pumped out.
Osatanakorn said they might not all be rescued at the same time.
Despite being trapped in the cave for 11 days, the boys said they are doing OK.
The boys, wrapped in foil warming blankets, introduced themselves and delivered messages to their parents, letting them know they're in "good health."
A phone line will allow the boys to talk directly to their parents.
The makers of Ambien want no part in Roseanne Barr‘s career implosion.
In a series of tweets early Wednesday morning, Barr had blamed the sedative for prompting her to make a racist comment about former President Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett, which ultimately led ABC to cancel Roseanne on Tuesday.
RELATEDRoseanne Barr Blames Ambien for Racist Outburst in Erratic Twitter Spree
Barr's first tweet read: “guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me. It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting — it was memorial day too — i went 2 far & do not want it defended — it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please.”
She cited Ambien again in a later post: “Not giving excuses for what I did(tweeted) but I've done weird stuff while on ambien — cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc.”
Sanofi, the pharmaceutical company that produces Ambien, has since responded to Barr's claims, stating that “racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
May 3 Iberdrola SA:
* Says that through its US unit, Avangrid Renewables, it has signed an agreement with Apple Energy, a unit of Apple, for long-term energy sale from the Montague wind farm in Oregon, the United States
* The 200 MW wind farm will be built between 2018 and 2020
* The planned investment in the facility amounts to $300 million
* Iberdrola will be the owner and operator of the wind farm and the energy generated during the next 20 years will be supplied to Apple
Source text: bit.ly/2qrcAxA
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A heartbreaking video of an emaciated polar bear is going viral online.
The video, shot by National Geographic photographer Paul Nicklen, was taken in Canada inside the Arctic Circle.
It shows the starving bear struggling to walk, scavenging for anything to eat. Nicklen said he didn't want the bear to die in vain.
In the days since he posted the footage, Nicklen said he's been asked why he didn't intervene.
“Of course, that crossed my mind,” Nicklen told National Geographic. “But it's not like I walk around with a tranquilizer gun or 400 pounds of seal meat.”
Plus, in Canada, feeding polar bears is illegal. That doesn't mean Nicklen wasn't affected.
“We stood there crying—filming with tears rolling down our cheeks,” he said.
The video also has definitely struck a nerve with those who have viewed it, prompting a steady conversation about the sensitive topic of global warming.
Experts say the half-ton bears find large quantities of seals on sea ice. They're even used to not having food for several months during the summer while they wait for the ice to form again.
But warming temperatures and rising seas have prevented the ice from solidifying, and polar bears are staying longer on the land looking for food, often times with little success, environmentalists say.
“When scientists say bears are going extinct, I want people to realize what it looks like. Bears are going to starve to death,” Nicklen told National Geographic. “This is what a starving bear looks like.”
JOHANNESBURG - Mark Kingon has been appointed as Acting Commissioner for the South African Revenue Service (Sars) following the suspension of Thomas Moyane, the Commissioner of SARS by the President, National Treasury said in a statement on Tuesday.
Kingon is currently the Acting Chief Officer: Business and Individual Taxes, within Sars. He has been with Sars since its establishment and worked his way through
the ranks to become the Group Executive: Relationship Management within Business and Individual Taxes.
Meanwhile, t he Democratic Alliance (DA) has welcomed the suspension of South African Revenue Service (Sars) Commissioner Tom Moyane, saying that it also demands a full investigation of the revenue service under Moyane's leadership.
The Presidency announced late on Monday that Moyane was "suspended with immediate effect" pending the institution of disciplinary proceedings.
President Cyril Ramaphosa said Moyane's suspension was in the public interest to restore the credibility of Sars without delay.
Ramaphosa said that developments at the Sars under Moyane's leadership have resulted in a deterioration in public confidence in the institution and in public finances being compromised and that for the sake of the country and the economy, this situation cannot be allowed to continue or to worsen.
Earlier reports said Moyane was initially asked to resign by President Cyril Ramaphosa and when he refused he was suspended with immediate effect.
"We wish to thank Mr Kingon for availing himself to serve Sars and the country in this capacity," said the statement from Treasury.
Also read: DA welcomes suspension of Sars Commissioner Monyane
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
CNN anchor Anderson Cooper and actress Kathy Griffin had "special guests" as they helped CNN's audience welcome in the New Year.
Cooper and Griffin had puppets of themselves before the live televised audience in Times Square while viewers waited for the ball to drop in New York City.
"I've never felt this way about a puppet before," Cooper joked on camera. Griffin's puppet teased Cooper's puppet about drinking on camera.
"I'm trying to get fired by 9:05 p.m.," Cooper's puppet shot back. Watch a clip from the interaction below courtesy of CNN.
[India], Feb. 3 (ANI): The Jet Airways on Saturday informed its customers that the main runway at the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport (CSIA), Mumbai will be closed for "operations" from February 1 to February 17.
"The main runway at Mumbai airport is being closed for Operations from February 01 - 17, 2018 from 1000 - 1700 hrs, (except Wednesdays), due to urgent upgrade of navigational equipment. Operations conducted on the secondary runway are likely to impact all arrivals and departures in and out of Mumbai," said a press statement by Jet Airways.
The statement also said that guests who are planning to travel with the airlines, via Mumbai, "are advised to allow for sufficient time while making bookings for onward travel". Flight operations at Mumbai Airport, are said to be constrained in the coming days as the main runway will remain closed for seven hours a day from February 1 to February 17. A Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) to conduct operations on the main runway is in place for equipment maintenance at the airport. (ANI)
A mother-of-two is dead and her ex-husband is in custody after he allegedly fatally shot her and then turned the gun on himself Saturday in an attempted murder-suicide that played out in view of shoppers in an upscale California mall, PEOPLE confirms.
Parisa Siddiqi, 29, of Thousand Oaks, California, was fatally shot while at work in a retail store inside The Oaks Mall in Thousand Oaks, the Ventura County Sheriff's Office said in a statement obtained by PEOPLE.
The suspect, identified as the victim's ex-husband, Kevin Crane, 33, allegedly turned the gun on himself after he shot Siddiqi, say police.
Crane is now in critical condition at a local hospital, say police.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Crane has not yet been charged with a crime as authorities are waiting to see if he recovers from his injuries, Sgt. Eric Buschowtells tells PEOPLE.
Crane works as a realtor at Pacific Rim, according to the company's website. On his professional bio, he claims he worked as a child actor with Disney and Warner Brothers. Disney and Warner Brothers could not be reached for comment Monday.
The couple had two young children together who are staying with family, according to the Ventura County Star.
Authorities were able to piece together what occurred Saturday afternoon by looking at mall security surveillance footage and by speaking to eyewitnesses.
Crane allegedly arrived at the mall at around 2:09 p.m. He went straight from his car to Paper Source, where Siddiqi worked, and allegedly argued with his ex-wife before shooting her, Buschowtells told the Star.
Authorities received the first 911 call at 2:17 p.m., Buschowtells said.
• For more compelling True Crime coverage, follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard
On Sunday, the mall reopened after being locked down following the killing, according to the Star. However, Paper Source remained closed and issued a statement on a piece of paper taped to the store window saying store personnel were saddened by the loss of “our beloved colleague and team member.”
The note added, “Our thoughts and prayers are with her family, and most of all her two children, through this difficult time,” according to the Star.
Putting its Formula E expertise to good use, ABT Sportsline is on the verge of introducing an Audi RS6 Avant like you've never seen before. Ahead of its official debut slated for tomorrow, the RS6-E is back in a final teaser suggesting the electrified super wagon will have face-melting acceleration thanks to a hybrid setup that will deliver a four-digit amount of horsepower.
Details are scant at the moment of writing, but there's a good chance the RS6-E will combine the regular model's biturbo 4.0-liter gasoline engine with an electric motor (or more) to achieve that massive 1,000-hp output. ABT has already dialed the RS6 Avant Performance's V8 engine to 695 hp for the limited-edition Nogaro Edition, so in theory the e-motor could pack somewhere in the region of 305 hp.
See the first teaser: Audi RS6-E By ABT Teaser Hints At 1,000-HP Electrified Wagon
The hybrid powertrain will allow the RS6-E to deliver an amazing acceleration judging by the faces of these people shown in the video, which reminds us of Jeremy Clarkson's experience with the Ariel Atom during the glory days of the old Top Gear format. We don't know how quick it is, but expect the sprint to 62 mph (100 kph) to take a lot less than the 3.7 seconds needed by the aforementioned Nogaro Edition even though the car will probably be heavier due to the extra hardware. No word about top speed, though we remind you the German-only special edition of the RS6 Avant Performance can hit 199 mph (320 kph) without breaking a sweat.
All will be reveled tomorrow when ABT will take wraps off the RS6-E. It will be interesting to see whether the hybridized wagon will be a one-time thing to demonstrate ABT's capabilities or the tuner actually has plans to offer conversion packages turning the RS6 Avant into a 1,000-horsepower electrified monster.
Video: ABT Sportsline
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The bulletin stated that the Russian specialists had held a total of eight humanitarian actions in the provinces of Aleppo, Latakia and Damascus.
"In 24 hours, 3,450 citizens have received humanitarian aid. A total amount of humanitarian cargoes given to the residents is 5.9 tonnes," the ministry said in a daily bulletin posted on its website.
According to the bulletin, the United Nations and its partners had also continued to provide Syria with humanitarian assistance.
© Sputnik/ Bolat Shayhinov Syria Peace Talks in Astana Postponed Until February 16 al-Nusra Front and Daesh, banned in a range of countries, including Russia.
Moscow has been conducting a counter-terrorist campaign in Syria since September 30, 2015, at President Bashar Assad's request.
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced in December that the Syrian government and armed opposition groups had reached an agreement on a nationwide ceasefire in Syria and on readiness to start peace talks.
Roaming data charges have been scrapped by the European Commission in its 28 member countries entirely from 15 June 2017.
You will now be able to use your bundled texts, minutes and mobile data anywhere in the European Union without it costing you any extra. That means uploading your holiday snaps to Facebook or Instagram as you go is much more justifiable than it has ever been in the past.
Unfortunately, there are no caps on roaming fees outside of Europe, or the countries not included in the EU, so if you are lucky enough to travel a lot, here is a round up of what the different networks offer in terms of roaming and which give jetsetters the best deals.
Vodafone offers Vodafone Global Roaming as standard for Pay Monthly plans, as well as SIM-only plans that started on or after 12 April 2017. This incentive includes 50 "Roam-free" destinations, some of which extend further than just those covered by the EU roaming regulations.
Users visiting any of the Roam-free destinations will be able to use their allowance as they would in the UK without spending any extra. Charges will apply if you go out of your bundle but the regulations state that they cannot be more than they would be in the UK.
The Roam-free destinations are: Albania, Austria, Azores, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canary Islands, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France (inc Corsica), French Guiana, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Guadeloupe, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Madeira, Martinique, Mayotte, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Reunion, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain (inc Balearic Islands), Sweden, Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Guernsey, Jersey, Isle of Man, San Marino, Saint Martin, Switzerland, Turkey, Vatican City.
For those travelling further than the 50 countries on the Roam-free list, there are 60 "Roam-further" destinations available under the Vodafone Global Roaming incentive for Pay Monthly customers and SIM-only customers.
A daily flat rate of £5 allows you to use your phone in any of the participating Roam-further countries as you would in the UK, including calling, texting and data usage and you will only be charged on the days you use your phone. The day is calculated according to the capital city of the country you are in and it runs from midnight to midnight.
The Roam-further destinations are: Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Aruba, Australia, Barbados, Bermuda, Bonaire, Brazil, British Virgin Islands, Canada, Cayman Islands, Chile, China, Colombia, Congo, Democratic Republic of Costa Rica, Curacao, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Ghana, Grenada, Guatemala, Guyana, Haiti, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Israel, Jamaica, Japan, Kenya, Lesotho, Mexico, Mozambique, New Zealand, Panama, Peru, Puerto Rico, Qatar, Russia, Saba, Serbia, Singapore, Sint Eustatius, Sint Maarten, South Africa, St Kitts and Nevis, St Lucia, St Vincent, Suriname, Thailand, Trinidad and Tobago, Turks and Caicos, Uruguay, US Virgin Islands, United States of America.
For more information, visit the Vodafone website.
Three offers its Feel At Home incentive to Pay Monthly and Pay As You Go customers, offering free roaming in 60 countries, some of which are not in the EU.
It doesn't matter what device you are using and like Vodafone, you can use your phone as you would in the UK but Three doesn't charge you anything for the privilege when you go further afield, such as the US or Australia. What's more, it works on PAYG plans too.
The Feel at Home destinations are: Åland Islands, Australia, Austria, Azores, Balearic Islands, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canary Islands, Channel Islands, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, French Guiana, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Guadeloupe, Guernsey, Hong Kong, Hungary, Iceland, Indonesia, Isle of Man, Israel, Italy, Jersey, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macau, Madeira, Martinique, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Republic of Ireland, Réunion, Romania, Saint Barthélemy, Saint Martin, San Marino, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Switzerland, United States of America.
The US Virgin Islands and Vatican City are both on the list for "coming soon".
There is one snag, if you have All-You-Can-Eat data, texts and minutes then only up to 12GB, 5000 texts and 3000 minutes are included in the incentive for no extra charge but that's still quite a lot. You also have to be on one of Three's Advanced plans if you're a Pay Monthly customer, and if you're PAYG you'll need to convert your credit into an Add-on to use Feel at Home.
It's also worth noting that to benefit from Feel At Home, you need to have been a Three customer for more than 30 days and if you are a Pay As You Go customer, you need to convert your credit into an Add-on.
For more information, visit the Three website.
O2 offers free roaming to countries within its Europe Zone. Just like Vodafone and Three, Pay Monthly customers travelling to any of the countries within the O2's Europe Zone can use their minutes, data and text allowances as they would at home.
The Europe Zone destinations are: Austria, Azores, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canary Islands, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, French Guiana, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Guadeloupe, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Republic of Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Jersey, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madeira, Malta, Martinique, Mayotte, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Reunion, Romania, Saint Barthélemy, Saint Martin, San Marino, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Vatican City.
The Europe Zone applies to PAYG customers too but Guernsey, Isle of Man, Jersey, Monaco and Switzerland are not included as they are for Pay Monthly customers. PAYG customers visiting these five countries can opt into the O2 Travel Bolt on, where you will also be charged £1.99 for data with a limit of 100MB a day, while calls will cost 4p per minute to make and free to receive. Texts cost 1p per message when sent to the UK or elsewhere in Europe.
O2 also offer the O2 Travel Bolt on for Pay Monthly customers visiting some destinations outside of the Europe Zone. Customers will be charged £3.99 a day for Turkey, or £4.99 a day when in any of these destinations: Albania, Argentina, Australia, Botswana, Brazil, Canada, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Colombia, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Thailand, UAE, Uruguay, United States of America, Venezuela.
O2 Travel has a daily allowance of 120 minutes for both making and receiving calls, 120 texts and unlimited data for Pay Monthly customers. PAYG customers have the same limit as mentioned above. You'll only be charged on the days you choose to use it.
You can find out more information on the O2 website.
EE offers all customers on all contracts, Pay Monthly and PAYG, free roaming in 48 destinations across Europe. Those on 4GEE Max contracts will also get roaming in a few more places further afield.
As with the other networks, you'll be able to "roam like home", using your data, minute and text allowances. A maximum of 15GB of data can be used while roaming, after which you'll need to buy a data add-on if you want to keep using data whilst roaming.
EE's European Roaming Zone destinations are: Austria, Azores, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Canary Islands, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, French Guyana, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Guadeloupe, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Jersey, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madeira, Malta, Martinique, Mayotte, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Reunion Islands, Romania, San Marino, Saint Martin (French), Saint Barthelemy, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and Vatican City (Italy).
Customers on the 4GEE Max plans also have roaming included in: Australia, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand and USA.
For those not on 4GEE Max plans and travelling to one of the five countries included on the Max plans, you can add a World Select Talk and Text add-on. This will give you unlimited calls and texts for £5 a day, with the day running from midnight to midnight in the country you are in. No data is included with this add-on though.
There is also a data add on however, called Travel Data Pass. This will offer 500MB of data per day and prices differ depending on the country. For example, it will cost you £3 a day for Turkey, £4 a day for the United States of America and Canada or £5 a day for Australia, New Zealand, UAE, India, Thailand, Mexico, South Africa and China.
EE's offers are a little more complicated than Vodafone and Three so it's worth going on the EE website to work out your best option and find out exactly how much your specific destination might cost.
Both T-Mobile and Orange customers are able to use their UK allowances in 47 European destinations.
It is not clear which country is excluded for T-Mobile and Orange customers compared to EE customers and information on add ons for the two networks when in countries outside of the 47 countries is also scarce.
Previous information for worldwide travel suggested Orange Pay Monthly customers can add a Talk & Text bundle that will give you 30 per cent off all your calls and texts for £5.10, allowing you to make a call for 84p a minute and send a text for 35p when you're in the USA for example. It also said you could add 20MB of data for £3 a day or 100MB for £10 a day. Whether this remains the case is yet to be confirmed.
If you're with T-Mobile and travelling to America then there are no add ons for calls and texts but you can opt for the Zone A Internet Travel Booster 200MB or 500MB to use for seven days, which will cost you £20 or £40 respectively. Again, if this is still the case, is not currently known.
We would recommend visiting the EE website where you can select Orange or T-Mobile and the destination you plan to go to for more information on costs for individual countries.
The Carphone Warehouse network, iD, offers "Roam Like at Home" for its Pay Monthly, SIM Only and PAYG customers in 50 countries. As with the other networks, customers will be able to use their UK minutes, texts and data for no extra charge.
The Roam Like at Home countries are: Austria, Azerbaijan, Azores, Belarus, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canary Islands, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, French Guiana, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Guadeloupe, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Jersey, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Madeira, Malta, Martinique, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Réunion, Romania, Saint-Barthélemy, Saint-Martin, San Marino, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Vatican City.
Customers on the iD's TakeAway plans will also see the United States of America and Australia included within the Roam Like at Home destination list. Unlike Vodafone and Three, there doesn't appear to be a daily rate for other worldwide destinations though.
For customers on GoTo and ShockProof plans, as well as TakeAway customers travelling to destinations other than the US and Australia, the iD network offers a comprehensive list of roaming costs on its site here.
Tesco Mobile offers its Home From Home incentive in 48 European destinations for all its customers. Customers can call, text and use data in the Home from Home countries without any extra cost on top of their existing price plans.
Minutes, texts and data limits will still apply as at home. That covers both PAYG and pay monthly customers.
Home from Home destinations are: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Republic of Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain including Canary Islands Sweden, Switzerland.
As with Three, a maximum of 12GB of monthly data can be used when abroad. Following this, you will need to pay an additional charge per MB.
Tesco Mobile caps data usage to 5MB so you cannot exceed £40 of spend while abroad elsewhere. That's because it charges £8 per MB if you are outside the Home from Home countries so be wary of using data anywhere other than in Europe or at a Wi-Fi hotspot.
Call charges from outside the EU can also be very pricey. Calls when you are in the US, for example, cost from 89p a minute to make or receive. Sending texts costs 40p a text. For more information on costs from specific countries, you can visit the Tesco Mobile website.
5 Surprise Romantic Getaways In The USCelebrate Valentine's Day or any other romantic occasion by visiting any of these five American destinations.
America's 5 Best Comfort Food SpotsFive of the nation's traditional and very special places where comfort foods are served. Diners find such menu favorites as steak and potatoes, mac and cheese, burgers and fries, and old fashioned baked pies.
Take A Trip Back In Time To See The BeatlesIn the English city where they were born and rose to fame, tourists can take a trip back in time to meet "The Beatles."
Best Tropical Destinations For Travelers On A BudgetA closer look at five of the best tropical or subtropical destinations in the world for the budget-minded traveler.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas chairs the Fatah Central Committee meeting at the Palestinian Authority headquarters, in the West Bank city of Ramallah, Tuesday, May 29, 2018.(AP Photo/Majdi Mohammed)
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas chairs the Fatah Central Committee meeting at the Palestinian Authority headquarters, in the West Bank city of Ramallah, Tuesday, May 29, 2018.(AP Photo/Majdi Mohammed)
JERUSALEM (AP) - With a cease-fired declared Wednesday, Israel and Hamas appear to have pulled back from a fourth war after a day of intense rocket fire and airstrikes. But the situation could explode at any moment.
Tuesday's fighting was the heaviest since a 2014 war, with Palestinian militants firing scores of rockets and mortars into Israel, and Israel carrying out dozens of airstrikes in Gaza.
Both sides appeared to have accomplished some short-term goals. But the underlying issues that helped fuel the fighting remain in place.
Hamas, weakened by a decade-long blockade of Gaza, remains defiant and in distress. A confident Israel appears unrestrained by the United States or its Middle Eastern neighbors. Palestinian militants still have an arsenal of rockets and could potentially inflict damage or casualties in Israel, followed by Israeli retaliation.
Here's a look at the current state of play and potential for escalation.
___
HOW DID WE GET HERE?
Eleven years after seizing control of Gaza from Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, Hamas is in trouble.
Gaza's economy has been battered by an Israeli-Egyptian blockade, imposed to prevent the group from arming. Three wars with Israel have brought widespread destruction, and the Islamic militant group has no close international allies to bail it out.
Frustrated with his inability to regain control of Gaza, Abbas has stepped up economic pressure on Hamas by cutting the electricity supply and reducing the salaries to tens of thousands of former civil servants in Gaza.
Running out of options and rejecting calls to disarm, Hamas has led a series of weekly mass protests along the Israeli border during the past two months to draw attention to Gaza's poor conditions and pressure Israel to ease the blockade.
Israel has fired live bullets and tear gas to break up the protests and prevent a mass breach of the border fence, killing over 110 Palestinians, the vast majority unarmed. Some of the Palestinian protesters hurled fire bombs, burned tires or tried to breach the fence, undermining Hamas' claims that the protests were entirely peaceful.
Israel says Hamas is responsible for the bloodshed, and accuses the group of using the demonstrations as a cover for attacks.
Still, Israel has come under heavy international criticism for its use of deadly force. But the protests have not succeeded in easing the blockade.
____
HOW DID THINGS ESCALATE?
Earlier this week, Israel carried out a pair of deadly strikes on military posts belonging to Hamas and the smaller Islamic Jihad militant group, contending militants planted explosives and tried to break through the border to carry out an attack. Four militants were killed.
Early Tuesday, Islamic Jihad retaliated by firing a barrage of mortar fire into southern Israel near the Gaza border. Hamas later fired rockets for the first time since the 2014 war ended with an informal cease-fire.
The cross-border exchange lasted throughout the night, but both sides showed restraint. Israel targeted empty Palestinian military training and weapons sites, while the militants avoided use of powerful longer-range rockets capable of striking deeper into Israel. Both were signs that neither side wants to go to war.
___
WHAT DID EACH SIDE ACCOMPLISH?
The Palestinian militants, who accuse Israel of violating the terms of the 2014 cease-fire by targeting their military observation posts, believe they sent a powerful reminder that they still possess arsenals capable of disrupting the lives of hundreds of thousands of Israelis on the other side of the border.
"Israel used to initiate the strikes and end them unilaterally and impose new rules," said Adnan Abu Amer, an independent analyst in Gaza. "This time the resistance took the initiative. ... The resistance came out from this round in a superior position."
From Israel's perspective, the military delivered a measured, but powerful response that made Hamas realize quickly that fighting is not in its interest. Israel did not signal that it is willing to ease the blockade.
___
WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE?
While Israel's military and the Palestinian militant groups flexed their muscles, little was resolved.
Any time Hamas or Islamic Jihad resort to firing rockets, they risk triggering a fierce Israeli response, especially if there are serious casualties on the Israeli side.
Israel's "Iron Dome" rocket defense system intercepted dozens of incoming projectiles on Tuesday. But the system is not fail-safe. One mortar shell landed next to an Israeli kindergarten shortly before it opened, and four Israelis were wounded by Palestinian fire.
It was not immediately clear if Islamic Jihad, a much smaller, Iran-backed militant group, acted independently Tuesday or at least had the tacit blessing of Hamas. At times, Islamic Jihad has pursued objectives that differ from those of Hamas.
Israel, meanwhile, appears to have made progress in defusing long-term threats posed by Hamas. Its air defenses have largely mitigated the rocket threat, and its military has made great progress in destroying Hamas' system of attack tunnels along the border.
The Trump administration has shielded Israel from critics in Europe and the human rights community who say Israel's open-fire orders are illegal because they allow deadly force even when soldiers are not in life-threatening situations.
Israel has quietly forged good behind-the-scenes ties with Egypt and Gulf Arab states that have little empathy for Hamas, an offshoot of the regional Muslim Brotherhood movement.
But Israel's apparent military and diplomatic advantage does not solve the underlying problem of having a volatile, impoverished territory on its doorstep. Many analysts and members of the international community believe it is only a matter of time before Gaza boils over again as long as the blockade remains in place.
That could happen sooner than later. Next Tuesday, Hamas plans another mass protest along the border.
___
Associated Press writer Fares Akram in Gaza City, Gaza Strip, contributed to this report.
South Carolina's SEC football opener against Georgia on Sept. 8 at Williams-Brice Stadium will kick off at 3:30 p.m. and be televised by CBS, the school announced Wednesday.
Georgia leads the all-time series 50-18-2. The Bulldogs defeated the Gamecocks last season in Athens, Ga., 24-10.
The Sept. 8 game is the third time that the Gamecocks and Georgia will face each other on CBS since 2014. USC won 38-35 in 2014 at Williams-Brice Stadium, while the Bulldogs defended their home field last season. The game is back in September for the first time since 2015 and is USC's second game of the season for the first tie since 2013.
The Gamecocks are 11-point underdogs against Georgia, according to “games of the year” odds released by South Point Hotel & Casino sportsbook in May.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
South Carolina will open the 2018 season at home for the first time since 2014 when Coastal Carolina comes to Columbia on Saturday, September 1. The Georgia and Marshall games follow that at home before the Gamecocks hit the road for Sept. 22 game at Vanderbilt.
Kickoff times and TV coverage for the Coastal and Marshall games will be announced later this summer.
According to a ranking by CBS's Tom Fornelli, USC has one of the more favorable slates in the SEC.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK South Carolina's Spurs Up Tour made a stop in Columbia Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at Williams-Brice Stadium. Head coach Will Muschamp signed autographs during the event. Gavin McIntyre
SOUTH CAROLINA 2018 FOOTBALL SCHEDULE
*=SEC game
Sept. 1 Coastal Carolina
Sept. 8 Georgia*, 3:30 pm (CBS)
Sept. 15 Marshall
Sept. 22 at Vanderbilt*
Sept. 29 at Kentucky*
Oct. 6 Missouri*
Oct. 13 Texas A&M*
Oct. 27 Tennessee*
Nov. 3 at Ole Miss*
Nov. 10 at Florida*
Nov. 17 Chattanooga
Nov. 24 at Clemson
[India], Mar. 20 (ANI): The fear of failure is so high among students taking the Uttar Pradesh Board examinations that some of them turned to desperate measures like attaching notes on their answer sheets.
Currency notes of Rs 100, Rs 50 and Rs 500 were found in answer sheets during the checking of 12th board examination papers in Firozabad district.
The teachers said, "Students, whose exams did not go well, are attaching currency notes in the examination papers to bribe us. We are giving marks only on merit. None of us are accepting the money found in the answer sheets."
Another thing that came to light was that the CCTV cameras that were installed inside the examination centres were not working as their connection wires were damaged. When teachers were asked about the same, they refused to comment on it. Recently, in a related but different episode, a video went viral, wherein a miscreant brandishing gun can be seen inside an examination hall for facilitating the students to cheat. The incident took place at Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar University in Agra. Vice-Chancellor Dr Arvind Kumar Dixit said that the matter would be probed with the help of administration and police force. (ANI)
March 28 Ericsson
* Ericsson presents focused business strategy
* Ericsson says reallocated resources and increased investments in following core portfolio areas: networks, digital services (OSS/BSS and telecom core) and Internet of Things
* Ericsson says refocused strategy for managed services to improve profitability
* Says will explore strategic opportunities for IT cloud infrastructure hardware business
* Says to explore strategic opportunities for media business while continuing to develop media solutions
* Ericsson says write down of assets to be made in Q1, 2017, with an estimated impact on operating income of SEK 3-4 billion ($342-$456 million)
* Restructuring charges estimated to approximately SEK 6-8 bln for 2017, of which approximately SEK 2 bln in Q1
* Ericsson says separately, provisions of an estimated SEK 7-9 bln will be made in Q1, triggered by recent negative developments related to certain large customer projects Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 8.7787 Swedish crowns) (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
By Abby Hassler
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver Country radio DJ, David Mueller is coming to close as the judge heard closing arguments from both parties today.
Related: Judge Drops DJ's Complaint Against Taylor Swift, Closing Arguments Expected Today
“That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue,” Mueller's attorney Gabriel McFarland said.
“Ms. Swift's story never changed. Ever. For four years,” Swift's attorney Douglas Baldridge said. “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?” he asked the jurors.
Baldridge then asked the jury to “return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation.”
The case is now with the jury.
Medals decorate the uniform of a policewoman delegate as she arrives for the closing session of China's National People's Congress (NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein)
Medals decorate the uniform of a policewoman delegate as she arrives for the closing session of China's National People's Congress (NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein)
BEIJING (AP) - Chinese President Xi Jinping struck a strongly nationalistic tone in his closing address Tuesday to the annual session of the ceremonial parliament, saying China would never allow "one inch" of territory to be separated from it.
Speaking before the nearly 3,000 members of the National People's Congress who had earlier abolished term limits on his rule, Xi declared that the Chinese people were now "closer now than at any time in history to realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
"Maintaining national sovereignty, territorial integrity and complete unification of the motherland is the common aspiration of all Chinese," Xi said.
"In the face of national righteousness and the tide of history, all attempts or tricks aimed at dividing the motherland are doomed to failure," Xi said to loud applause. "All will receive the condemnation of the people and the punishment of history."
The Chinese people have the will and ability to "foil all activities to divide the nation" and are united in their belief that "every inch of our great motherland absolutely cannot and absolutely will not be separated from China," Xi said.
Referring to self-governing Taiwan, Xi said the mainland would continue outreach to advance the cause of "peaceful unification" with the island, whose 23 million residents are strongly in favor of maintaining their de-facto independent status.
The session had earlier approved a range of new appointments, including that of key Xi ally Wang Qishan as vice president. New ministers were also appointed and a law passed establishing a powerful new anti-corruption body to oversee the civil service.
Xi also invoked China's historical achievements in governance and culture and stressed the importance of national unity as it strove to reach new goals in poverty alleviation and economic development in coming years.
He stressed the absolute leadership of the ruling Communist Party - of which he is head - in all aspects of Chinese life, including over the 2 million-member armed forces.
Xi pledged to would lead China's 1.3 billion people into a brighter future based on its own socialist system, saying, "As long as we sincerely unite and work together, there will be no power that can stop the Chinese people from realizing their dreams!"
Xi pledged to expand the Belt and Road, his signature foreign policy initiative of building ports, bridges and railways connecting Europe with Asia - but in an apparent response to the project's critics, said China wasn't seeking hegemony.
"China's development does not pose a threat to any country," he said.
"Only those who habitually threaten others will look at everyone else as threats," Xi added.
This year's session has been dominated by the rubber-stamp body's historic move on March 11 to scrap a constitutional two-term limit on the presidency dating from 1982, enabling Xi, already China's most powerful leader in decades, to rule indefinitely.
While delegates overwhelmingly supported the move, critics and some analysts say it raises concerns about a return to one-man-rule - and greater political repression within an already highly controlled polity.
"There is a distinct danger now that there may well be a return to the Maoist style of leadership symbolized by the dissolution of collective responsibility and the concentration of power under one person," said Joseph Cheng, a long-time observer of Chinese politics now retired from the City University of Hong Kong.
The broad strokes of what Xi plans to do with these expanded powers were laid down over the weekend as he moved to appoint his trusted allies into key positions that appear, in part, set to further sideline Li, officially China's No. 2 leader.
One of them is Wang, reportedly an early acquaintance of Xi's and former anti-corruption czar who is expected to play a key role in managing trade tensions with the United States. The vice presidency is normally a ceremonial post but Wang's real standing can be seen in official events in which he is seated in eighth place in hierarchical order after the seven-man, all-powerful Politburo Standing Committee.
Another is longtime Xi adviser Liu He, who was appointed as one of four vice premiers and is expected to oversee a broad range of economic and financial issues.
Chief among Xi's priorities is controlling financial risk without derailing the economy. Regulators have been warning about ballooning debt that caused international ratings agencies to cut China's credit rating last year.
"He knows that if there's a financial crisis it will damage his credibility and legitimacy very much because he has no one else to blame," Cheng said. "People will blame him."
Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account?
Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration.
Classical
This Sunday afternoon, at its last concert of the season, Thirteen Strings will be joined by acclaimed Montreal violinist and Juno Award-winner Alexandre Da Costa. The concert's theme will be opera favourites, and the program will draw upon works by Mozart (excerpts from The Magic Flute), Bizet (Habanera from Carmen), Handel (Overture to Athalie) and others. The concert begins at 3 p.m. at Dominion-Chalmers Church. Tickets ranging from $10-$40 are available at The Leading Note, Compact Music and Books on Beechwood and online at thirteenstrings.ca.
Food
Ottawa Veg Fest, an annual celebration of veganism, runs Saturday and Sunday from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the RA Centre (1451 Riverside Dr.). More than 100 exhibitors will be on hand to show off and sell their products and services and there will be cooking demonstrations and panel discussions, too. Admission: $5. More info: vegfestottawa.ca.
Jazz
Festival Japan, the veteran restaurant on Kent Street, has added live jazz performances and even jam sessions to its offerings for a few years now, giving Ottawa-area musicians another much-needed venue to present their efforts. This Saturday, the eatery hosts the polished and swinging French jazz musicians Kristin Marion, a vocalist, and pianist Philippe Martel. The duo play from 7:30 to 10:30 p.m. Tickets are $25 at eventbrite.ca or $40 at the door.
Art
As part of this weekend's wide-ranging Doors Open Ottawa event, the Canada Council Art Bank (921 St. Laurent Blvd.) will be open to the public Saturday. Admission will be free from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., when staff will be on hand to answer questions and guided tours will be available. Also on display will be a grouping of almost 100 art works that focus on public transportation, urban development, migration, borders, sustainability and the environment.
Electronic
Indigenous DJ crews A Tribe Called Red wrap up their second Rez Tour with a free, all-ages show at Kabeshinân Minitig (a.k.a. Victoria Island) on Friday. It's the final in a series of eight concerts that brought the electronic-music duo to First Nations reserves in Manitoba, Quebec and Ontario, where they also conducted youth workshops as part of a mission to empower young people and bolster pride in their Indigenous culture. The concert starts at 7 p.m. at the Aboriginal Experiences site on Victoria Island.
Opening
Ottawa illustrator Marc Audet is the featured artist at Irene's Pub for the month of June, and will fill the pub's walls with his colourful gig posters. Designed to advertise shows by artists ranging from Matt Mays to Lynn Miles, the striking works demonstrate Audet's knack for bold graphics as well as a keen eye for detail when it comes to rock ‘n' roll imagery. You can meet the artist and check out his work at the pub, 885 Bank St., from 8 p.m. to 11 p.m. on Monday. Instrumental soundscapes will be provided by musical guest Chime of Wrens' Tom Thompson on pedal steel. Admission is free.
Folk
The folk band Searson is fronted by the Ottawa-area Searson sisters, featuring Colleen on fiddle and Erin on piano and tenor guitar. The two women also sing, naturally displaying the close harmonies of siblings, and dance, pounding the stage with their step-dancing rhythms, Ottawa Valley-style. They perform at Wakefield's Black Sheep Inn on Saturday, with an opening set by the Ottawa folk hero/Parliament Hill stonemason Bobby Watt. The music starts around 8:30 p.m. Tickets are $15, available in advance at theblacksheepinn.com.
By TED RADICK
staff writer
The state track meet is a treat for seniors who are wrapping up their careers on the big stage at Jesse Owens Stadium in Columbus.
For another group of athletes, the freshmen, it's a chance to get their feet wet at state and set the state for promising years to come.
This year's group of area girls Division III state qualifiers includes 10 freshmen from five schools.
“I'm really pleased with the way our freshmen have come on this year,” said Liberty-Benton coach Jack Quisno, who will have four freshman competing Friday and Saturday at state. “They're competitors. That's one of the reasons why our soccer team is so competitive, our basketball program is so competitive.
“On top of that, we have our juniors and seniors that have been part of the program for a while, and they've been great leaders in teaching these freshmen how to compete.”
Freshman Maya Rickle (3,200-meter relay), Taylor Ward (3,200 relays, 800); Cassie Warner (800 relays) and Alexis Rickenbacher (pole vault, 1,600 relays, 800 relays) will compete for the Eagles this weekend.
“It's really exciting,” Ward said at last week's regional meet at Tiffin. “I was looking forward to this, but at the beginning of the season I didn't really think I'd make it here. It's really cool.
“I didn't think I'd do this. So, it's surprising and exciting at the same time.”
Ward, Rickle, Alexa Lenhart and Lindsey Bishop qualified in the 3,200 relay (9:35.25) in last Wednesday's regional final. Ward followed up Friday with a second in the 800 in 2:19.69.
“I was just running, trying to get a good spot,” Ward said. “My coach told me not to get boxed in. That was only thing I was thinking, don't get boxed in. I tried not to do that, and the last lap I just gave it my all.”
Rickenbacher is through to state in three events. At the regional, she placed second (11-6) to Margaretta's Kassidie Stimmel, the defending state champion.
Rickenbacher said she's ready for what comes this weekend.
“She's an amazing vaulter. All I can do is focus on myself, and what I can do,” Rickenbacher said. “We'll see how that plays out.”
Warner, Rickenbacher, Lenhart and Lily Kintner will compete in the 800 relay (1:47.09), while Rickenbacher, Kintner, Lenhart and Bishop will run the 1,600 relay (4:04.36).
The crowd is bigger and the competition will ramp up in Columbus. Rickenbacker said she's looking forward to the larger audience.
“I feel like it really helps me and pushes me to be better,” she said. “At the indoor state meet, that really helped me. It gives me adrenaline. That's good for pole vault.”
Kalida freshman Hannah Berheide advanced in the 200. She's also looking forward to the atmosphere at state.
“This will be interesting,” she said. “I think I'm ready. I think so, yeah. These big meets, it makes me think ‘Yeah, this is legit.' The crowds give a lot of adrenaline. It definitely helps.
“I just want to finish the best I can, I guess. I've made it this far, I'm proud of myself and what I've accomplished.”
Mohawk will have a pair of freshmen at state. Taeylor Mullholand advanced with a 5-4 high jump at the Lancaster Regional, while Catherine Klopp joins teammates Destini Oler, Anna Stillberger and Alexa Konkle in the 1,600 relay (4:07.84).
Hopewell-Loudon freshman Taylor Leiter advanced with Emily Pace, Renae Kapelka and Corrin Hoover in the 3,200 relay (10:06.04).
Columbus Grove's Lauren Benroth advanced in three relays. She'll run with fellow freshman Erin Downing, Alyssa Ellerbrock and Taylor Ellerbrock in the 3,200 relay (9:36.00); and with Taylor Ellerbrock, Carlee McCluer and Rylee Sybert in the 800 relay (1:46.44) and 1,600 relay (4:08.84).
“The couple of freshmen that we have are very versatile runners,” Columbus Grove girls coach Tim Staley said. “Lauren Benroth, she ran the 4×2 and the 400 all year, and she's developed not only the sprint speed but enough endurance to really help our 4×8. We had three girls from the cross-country team that we knew would be good for our 4×8, but we really needed that fourth girl.
“Erin Downing, she did well in cross-country but I had no idea she's being this good, this soon. At our invitational, she was second to Alyssa Ellerbrock but also broke the previous meet record. Running with Alyssa and Taylor Ellerbrock has really made her a good runner.”
Radick, 419-427-8405,
Send an E-mail to Ted Radick
Comments
comments
After an incredibly crowd-pleasing reunion at Ultra Music Festival: Miami back in March of this year, any sign of new music or future reunions from Swedish House Mafia makes our heart beat a little too fast.
While Axwell Λ Ingrosso have been doing pretty well and making a name for themselves, we miss that signature Mafia sound!
Their billboard was set up to promote their new track "Dancing Alone" which features RØMANS who has produced songs such as Ella Mai's "Breakfast In Bed" and "Makes Me Wonder," Jonas Blue's "Mama," and Demi Lovato's latest single "Sober" to just name a few.
Check out the billboard here which displayed the "Dancing Alone" artwork but then showed an error message flashing those unmistakeable Swedish House Mafia white dots.
"Dancing Alone" also happens to have a very, very, Swedish House Mafia sound to it. Listen to it and see for yourself:
What do you think! Could the guys of SHM be reuniting?
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Citadel Realty And Developers Ltd :
* SAYS ‍RECOMMENDED ISSUE OF BONUS SHARES IN RATIO OF 1:1​ Source text: bit.ly/2s1ofFp Further company coverage:
Benje Choucroun turned up at the White House briefing on Wednesday, catching everyone's attention when he asked Press Secretary Sarah Sanders about school shootings.
"At my school, we recently had a lockdown drill," Choucron, 13, said, reading from a piece of paper. "One thing that affects mine and others' mental health is the worry that we or our friends could get shot at school."
Choucron, a student at Marin Country Day School in California, continued: "Specifically, can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies?"
Sanders appeared to tear up during her response.
There's a kid at today's White House press briefing. He just asked Sarah Sanders about school shootings and safety https://t.co/PrmyAzaik0 — Meg Wagner (@megwagner) May 30, 2018
"I think that as a kid and certainly as a parent, there is nothing more terrifying than for a kid to go to school and not feel safe, so I'm sorry that you feel that way," she said. "This administration takes it seriously and the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week, again, an official meeting, to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids within our schools and to make them feel safe and to make their parents feel good about dropping them off."
Choucroun is in town covering the White House Sports and Fitness Day for Time for Kids magazine.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Increased numbers of cases of gastroenteritis and flu have kept the Paphos general hospital's accident and emergency department very busy over the holiday period it was reported on Monday.
According to the director of the hospital, Spyros Georgiou, the hospital's A&E department has had to deal with increased cases of gastroenteritis and flu, which were addressed swiftly by the staff on duty.
Georgiou, however, made a plea for patents to also visit the hospital's outpatient department to avoid overburdening the A&E department.
He added that doctors have been on call on a 24-hour basis and had been contacted to present for duty during the holidays whenever they were needed.
Paphos hospital is facing serious understaffing problems. Georgiou said that three new doctors have been appointed lately, a gynaecologist, an orthopaedic surgeon and an A&E specialist.
You'll be baking spirits bright with these fantastic and festive holiday treat recipes!
Parade celebrates all types of personalities, from pop stars to favorite pets. We respect the past but we live in the present.
We TOUCH you. We TICKLE you. We give you something to TALK about. A TREAT for you to enjoy every Sunday morning.
Things You Might Not Know About Parade:
Parade's first issue appeared on May 31, 1941, just prior to the U.S. entering WWII.
Parade was started by Chicago businessman Marshall Field III as a small publication with a print run of only 125,000 copies. It sold on newsstands for a nickel.
Comments
comments
© AFP 2016/ KAREN MINASYAN Armenia Violates Karabakh Ceasefire 35 Times Over Last 24 Hours – Azerbaijan Military
YEREVAN (Sputnik) — Front units of the Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army are in control of the situation and continue to carry out their combat duty, the ministry added, noting that the violations were not met with response fire.
"Early on January 2, the Azerbaijani armed forces violated the ceasefire agreement 30 times along the line of contact between Karabakh and Azerbaijani forces. Over 300 shots from weapons of varying caliber were fired at Armenian positions over this period of time," the ministry said in a statement.
The violence in Nagorno-Karabakh flared up on April 2. Baku and Yerevan accused each other of provoking hostilities that led to multiple deaths on each side. The sides agreed to a ceasefire on April 5, but clashes have continued.
The conflict in Nagorno-Karabakh began in 1988, when the autonomous region sought to secede from the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic, before proclaiming independence after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. The warring sides agreed to a cessation of hostilities in 1994.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Market Segmentation
The Global Ultra-Thin Glass Market is segmented by the Manufacturing Process, Thickness, Applications, End-Use Industry. On the basis of the manufacturing process, the Global Ultra-Thin Glass Market is segmented into float and fusion. Among these processes, floating process is widely used due to its suitability for architectural purpose and automotive windshields.
Based on the Thickness, the market is segmented into 0.5mm, 0.7mm, 0.9mm, 1.1mm, 1.3mm, and 1.6mm. Ultra-thin glass with less than 0.5 mm is used increasingly as a result of lightweight, perfect flatness, and bendability.
On the Basis of the Application, the market is segmented into semiconductors, touch panel display, fingerprint display, automotive glazing, solar mirror, and medical devices. Ultra-thin glass is widely used in the semiconductors and other consumer electronics owing to high electrical conductivity, electrical insulation and dielectric properties. The product consumption is rising in the automotive industry for manufacturing of panoramic roofs, transparent panels or side/rear windows
Based on the End Use Industry, the Global Ultra-Thin Glass Market is segmented into electrical and electronics, automotive, biotechnology, renewable energy, building & construction, cosmetics & personal care, and healthcare. Electrical and electronics industry accounted for the largest market share owing to growing requirement for electronic devices in home appliances, TV, and sports equipment. The demand for Ultra-Thin Glass is increasing from the construction industry owing to lightweight assemblies and creative designs. Use of Ultra-Thin Glass in cosmetics mirror is growing with the growing demand for cosmetics products.
Receive a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5939
Competitive Analysis
Some of the prominent players in the Global Ultra-Thin Glass Market are SCOTT AG (Germany), Corning Incorporated (India), Asahi Glass Co., Ltd (India), Nippon Electric Glass Co., Ltd (Japan), CSG Holding Co., Ltd (China), Central Glass Co., Ltd (Japan), Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (China), Nitto Boseki Co., Ltd (Japan), Luoyang Glass Co., Ltd (China), Emerge Glass (India), and Aeon Industries Corporation Ltd (China).
Regional Analysis
Based on the Region, the market is divided into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa.
Asia Pacific is leading the Global Ultra-Thin Glass Market with the increasing demand for electronic devices in the home appliances, smartphones, and wearable devices. Furthermore, growing investment in the wind and solar projects is influencing the growth of the Ultra-Thin Glass Market. North America and Europe are expected to exhibit a significant growth owing to factors such as the revival of the automotive industry as a result of increasing demand for the electric vehicle. Other regions are expected to witness moderate growth during the review period with growing electrical and electronics industry.
Access Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/ultra-thin-glass-market-5939
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
John Palmer on a deal that buys time for divided Tories but a formula that cannot be delivered. Labour should ready itself for a new European deal and revocation of Brexit.
The 11th hour agreement with the European Union allowing negotiations to finally begin on the long term relationship between the UK and the EU only highlights the extraordinary precarity of the May government's Brexit project. In a fudge designed to buy May a little more time, it is simultaneously being sold as preparation for a complete break with the EU and a deal which locks Britain into almost all the obligations of membership but with no voice or vote in law making.
It is a formula which cannot and will not be delivered. Both the Euro-sceptic right and the ‘soft Brexit' Tory factions know this. Both are manoeuvring to get a tactical advantage ahead of what all agree will be an eventual, unavoidable and full scale crisis. There must be a serious prospect that when the likely terms of the long term Brexit agreement do emerge, May will be toast and the Tory party might face a split on the scale of the 19th century free trade crisis.
In the meantime no one, on any wing of the government, can really explain how Belfast and Dublin can be guaranteed no return to a ‘hard' Irish border without the UK as a whole replicating virtually unchanged the terms of existing membership of the Customs Union and the Single Market. The one possible fudge – having a customs border between the north of Ireland and mainland Britain – was seen off by the hard line DUP.
The EU institutions and member states have told London not to be under any illusion that it can ‘cherry pick' the vital advantages of being in the CU and the SM while ignoring the obligations which go with that. The UK will not be able to negotiate trade deals with Trump or China or whoever by slashing health, environment or labour standards and retain access to the EU market.
Right wing Brexiteer MPs comfort themselves with the belief that the EU needs a long term trade agreement as much as the UK. That is true only up to a point. The EU 27 do sell much more to, than they buy from the UK. BUT the dependence of the 27 on exports to Britain are a small fraction of the UK on its exports to the EU.
It is virtually impossible to know who will win the low level civil war between hard and soft Brexiteers in the cabinet and Tory party. The commitments May agreed to in the first preliminary phase of the negotiations (continuing to pay into the EU budget for years to come, observing all EU laws during the so-called “transition phase” to 2021 and the continuing obligation to observe European Court of Justice rulings for a further eight years) are very difficult for the Tory Leavers to swallow.
But they seem to be gambling on the very real possibility that the talks on a final deal fail and the UK might still be able to launch itself over the cliff without any agreement except minimal WTO terms of trade. That is what scares witless big British capital (and big foreign capital invested in the UK).
The likes of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Phillip Hammond, and the so-called ‘realists' know this perfectly well. Some of them seem to be counting on a Parliamentary vote designed to pass final judgement on the eventual agreement blocking any jump-over-the-cliff.
They have some grounds for believing this. Quite apart from those MPs who have already declared their intention of blocking a hard Brexit, the Labour Party leadership is now clearly moving to the demand that the UK – in effect – remains part of the single market and customs union.
Presumably worried that any overt commitment to retaining full EU membership might anger the tiny minority of pro-Leave Labour MPs (and an indeterminate minority of pro-Leave Labour voters) this is as far as the leadership is ready go at present.
But that is to ignore the increasing attention which Jeremy Corbyn and John MacDonnell are paying now to the wider debate within the EU about the need for a new direction for economic, social and environmental reform. In recent speeches in Brussels and in Geneva, Corbyn stressed Labour's continuing commitment to solidarity with workers' demands for radical policy changes at EU level.
One example of these trends is the outline support for a strengthened EU pillar of social rights and in particular the creation of a new European Labour Authority. This body is – for example – seen as an instrument to reform the EU Posted Workers' Directive whose abuse by employers has led to the erosion of workers' pay and conditions.
Meanwhile pressure is growing on the government in Berlin to abandon its crazy austerity economic strategy (which was used to crucify the Greek people). This is coming not only from avowedly left wing governments like the Portuguese coalition but even from the Macron centre right government in Paris.
If Chancellor Merkel is obliged to form a coalition with German social democrats, Berlin may have to adjust more to the new mood than it would wish. Which is not to underplay the potential risks involved with centre right and centre left politicians clinging together in a desperate attempt to keep the extreme right at bay.
In the period ahead it would be good to hear more about how Labour wants to work in and with the EU to block some of the terrifying plans of the Brexit right to destroy social, labour, environmental and other standards in the cause of a Trump-style trade strategy.
BUT however soft an eventual Brexit might be, an agreement leaving the UK (assuming it does not break up before long) with virtually all the obligations of membership but none of the democratic rights is not acceptable. Leaving the British people as law takers and not lawmakers must be rejected.
This need not be the choice. Whatever the final outcome of the Brexit negotiations – and they will take much longer than anyone in Whitehall is yet ready to admit – this government looks to be in terminal decline. It is even possible that Jeremy Corbyn will lead Labour into a new general election well before the final shape of Brexit is agreed.
Certainly the polls point to the probability of an overall majority for Labour from any election. This is hardly surprising given the near collapse of the NHS and many other public services, falling living standards and growing popular anger about grotesque inequality and hardship.
If the worst Tory Brexit can be blocked by Parliament over the next year or two the question will arise: what now? The answer from a newly elected Labour government should be clear (indeed Jeremy Corbyn has already hinted at it). In effect we should want to talk to the EU about a far wider programme of cooperation and reform on common areas of concern and one which – if successful – could lead to a decision to revoke Brexit.
It is quite possible that this scenario could arise much sooner than we think. The political situation domestically and world-wide is increasingly crisis prone and unpredictable. With a deranged Trump presiding in Washington and authoritarian but unstable regimes installed from Russia, through Turkey to China and beyond, this is not the time to sever the links of solidarity and shared basic democratic values with so many (if not all) EU states.
On one thing we can be sure. The ludicrous proposals for a LEXIT (Left Brexit) are dead and buried. It failed to connect with reality at almost any point. It is disavowed by the left in almost every part of the European Union – even in France where the leftist La France Insoumise which scored an impressive voter support in the recent French Presidential election has abandoned talk of ‘leaving the EU' or even abandoning the Euro.
It is time for the European left to think through in some detail what concrete demands should be prioritised for a more democratic and social Europe. Of course, Europe is not the end of the road for socialists. It is, however, an essential staging post for the development of an emancipatory strategy for a democratic, socialist global order.
LONDON (CNN) — Plenty of us turn to takeout when we're feeling too sick to cook. But a Belfast woman's order has gone viral after she asked for a side order of medicine with her food.
Feeley's Fish & Chip Shop received the unusual request from Fiona Cuffe on December 30. In the “‘additional comments” section, she'd written, “Will you please stop in Spar on the way and get me Benylin cold & flu tablets and I'll give you the money, only ordering food so I can get the tablets I'm dying sick xx.”
Feeley's shared a photo of the receipt on Facebook with the caption “Words absolutely fail me.”
Despite being taken aback, the restaurant fulfilled the order — and posted a picture of the much-needed flu pills before delivering them.
The original photo has been shared nearly 3,000 times on Facebook, with many commenters from around the world praising Feeley's customer service. Even Fiona's father John posted his thanks.
The restaurant's social media manager, Daniel Casey, told CNN they were “shocked to see such a strange request — but I admired her skill to get what she needed!”
“And she stated she was dying, so of course we were happy to help.
“We operate in a small community and the customer in question has used us several times before,” he said. “She was delighted at receiving the medicine and we wish her a speedy recovery — our customers are the lifeblood of our business, and we will always do what we can for them.”
And just in case Fiona's medicine didn't perk her up, Feeley's even offered to send her a free meal when she's feeling better.
Government now behaving like bullies against students and LUNCH VENDORS
Nassau – Lunch vendors at canteen locations around the country are screaming for help and want to know why they are not being paid.
Bahamas Press is learning government's cheques to vendors have stalled for more than two months now. And no notice to vendors has come from the Government on when they will be paid. THIS IS CRIMINAL!
One vendor told BP, “I am unable to buy the necessary fruits and items from supplies to produce lunch for the children. We have a contract, which is not being followed. The government is breaking its own rules! It is like they want us to pack up and leave, too. Well, I have been a Vendor for over 12 years and I would be a fool to let them take away my livelihood. They are behaving like bullies and criminals who want to take lunch from the children and the vendor!”
Folks, this wicked, uncaring CRIMINAL MINNIS-LED Regime gats to GO! We guess Jeffery Lloyd is happy to hear about this, too.
We report yinner decide!
NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding Wednesday on whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South.
If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult.
But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages.
“It is an economic development tool,” Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on why they should come to the state. “We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina.”
At least that part of the tactic has worked. While some South Carolina workers have representation – just more than 1,900, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures – most don't. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference.
Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater impact on the general view of labor in the South than efforts by autoworkers to unionize Volkswagen in Chattanooga, Tennessee, as a foothold for organizing other Southern car plants. Anti-union advocates could always cite VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said.
“Boeing is very, very different,” Hirsch said. “No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union.”
A “yes” vote would be meaningful throughout the region, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University. “Given the dynamism of industrialization in the Southern region now, especially the development … of the U.S. automotive industry, any type of heavy-industry union victory would certainly inspire other workers in related industrial sectors in the South to think about unionizing.”
What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company's silence over consequences for workers.
“The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization,” he said. “It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether.”
Boeing already may have abstained from those kinds of threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts. Threatening to move manufacturing would come after Trump blasted Boeing for its cost of building a new presidential Air Force One for future presidents.
“Costs are out of control,” Trump tweeted in early December. “Cancel order!”
Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later.
“Given the recent pronouncements of President Trump about keeping manufacturing in the United States,” Cornfield said, “it would be interesting and an ironic twist that President Trump is possibly defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization by encouraging companies to stay in the United States, giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period.”
Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to “fight the unions” at Boeing.
“They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it,” Templeton said.
On Monday, in a final gathering before the vote, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the Boeing plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote “yes” on Wednesday.
“Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina,” Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers from the crowd. “It's not going to be this way anymore.”
—
Associated Press writer Emery P. Dalesio in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
—
Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ .
Comments
comments
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In Detroit The holiday season is upon us and it's that time to celebrate with friends and family. Capture all the memories while enjoying what Detroit has to offer around the city.
Best Places To Take Photos With Santa Near DetroitChristmas is right around the corner and that means it is time to visit Santa. Whether you want to just stop by for a quick photo or visit a historic village where he is holding court, you can find the place you need all across the Detroit area.
AN ELDERLY man is fighting for life while another man has been taken to hospital after both were hit in separate car crashes across Melbourne.
The man in his 70s has life-threatening abdominal injuries after being struck on Grange Rd at Alphington about 6.30am.
Paramedics took the man to the Royal Melbourne Hospital in a critical condition.
Camera Icon An elderly man is fighting for life after being struck by a car in Alphington. Picture: News Limited, Hamilton Fiona
The driver of the car has been treated for shock and is expected to be interviewed by police.
Shortly after a male pedestrian in his 40s was hit by a car on Kingston Rd in Cheltenham and was taken to The Alfred hospital. His condition is unknown.
Kingston Rd has been reduced to one lane in each direction at Warrigal Rd and people are advised to avoid the area, VicRoads advised.
Please avoid the area and consider using the Dingley Bypass to access Warrigal Rd, but allow extra time as South Rd is also closed westbound.
But Grange Rd has been reopened.
ed.gardiner@news.com.au
@edjgardiner
MORE LAW AND ORDER:
MASKED BANDITS HIT MONTMORENCY SERVO
FAILED COMEDIAN CHARGED OVER EURYDICE MEMORIAL GRAFFITI
GREEDY CHEMIST WINS REPRIEVE ON DRUG SCAM
NEW YORK (AP) - Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Wednesday:
HP Inc., up 86 cents to $22.16
The printer and PC maker raised its profit forecast after it topped analyst projections in its latest quarter.
U.S. Bancorp, up 98 cents to $49.84
Banks rallied as bond yields rose after sharp losses a day ago.
Exxon Mobil Corp., up $3.08 to $81.50
Oil prices turned higher and energy companies broke out of a five-day losing streak.
Dick's Sporting Goods Inc., up $7.87 to $38.35
The retailer raised its profit forecast after strong online sales boosted its first-quarter results.
WellCare Health Plans Inc., up $5.84 to $226.99
The health insurer said it will pay $2.5 billion for Medicaid provider and pharmacy benefits manager Meridian.
Chico's FAS Inc., down $1.82 to $8.17
The clothing retailer's quarterly profit fell short of Wall Street estimates.
Michael Kors Holdings Ltd., down $7.81 to $60.41
The luxury retailer gave a disappointing forecast for the year.
J.M. Smucker Co., down 9 cents to $108.59
High dividend stocks like household goods makers moved lower as investors grew less cautious and took more risks Wednesday.
WASHINGTON, D.C., April 24, 2018 -- Cardiac arrhythmia results when the usual symphony of electric pulses that keep the heart's muscles in sync becomes chaotic. Although symptoms are often barely noticeable, arrhythmia leads to hundreds of thousands of deaths from unexpected, sudden cardiac arrest in the United States each year. A major issue that limits modeling to predict such events is that it is impossible to measure and monitor all the hundreds of variables that come together to make our hearts tick.
A pair of researchers at the Max Planck Institute for Dynamics and Self-Organization developed an algorithm that uses artificial intelligence in new ways to accurately model the electrical excitations in heart muscle. Their work, appearing in Chaos, from AIP Publishing, draws on partial differential equations describing excitable media and a technique called echo state networks (ESNs) to cross-predict variables about chaotic electrical wave propagations in cardiac tissue.
"In this case, you have to try to get this information about those quantities that you can't measure from quantities that you can measure," said Ulrich Parlitz, an author on the paper and a scientist at the Biomedical Physics Research Group at Max Planck Institute for Dynamics and Self-Organization. "This is a well-known but challenging problem, for which we provided a novel solution employing machine learning methods."
Because machine learning techniques have become more powerful, certain neural networks, such as ESNs, can represent dynamical systems and develop a memory of events over time, which can help understand how arrhythmic electrical signals fall out of sync.
The model that the researchers developed fills in these gaps with a dynamical observer. After training the algorithm on a data set generated by a physical model, Parlitz and his partner, Roland Zimmermann, fed a new time series of the measured quantities to the ESN. This process allowed the observer to cross-predict state vectors. For example, if researchers know the voltage in a certain area of the heart at a point in time, they can reconstruct the flow of calcium currents.
The team verified their approach with data generated by the Barkley and Bueno-Orovio-Cherry-Fenton models, which describe chaotic dynamics that occur in cardiac arrhythmias, even cross-predicting state vectors with noise present. "This paper deals with cross-prediction, but ESNs can also be used for making predictions of future behavior," Parlitz said.
Understanding the electrical properties of the heart is only one part of the picture. Parlitz said that he and his colleagues are looking to include ultrasound measurements of the heart's internal mechanical dynamics. One day, the group hopes to combine different forms of measurements with models of a beating heart's electrical and mechanical features to improve diagnosis and therapies of cardiac diseases. "We broke a big problem down into many smaller ones," Parlitz said.
###
The article, "Observing spatio-temporal dynamics of excitable media using reservoir computing," is authored by Roland S. Zimmermann and Ulrich Parlitz. The article will appear in Chaos April 24, 2018 (DOI: 10.1063/1.5022276). After that date, it can be accessed at http://aip. scitation. org/ doi/ full/ 10. 1063/ 1. 5022276 .
ABOUT THE JOURNAL
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HOUSTON - Hundreds of Houston residents gathered at Houston's City Hall for a vigil showing support for the victims of the car attack in Charlottesville, one of which was a 20-year-old Houston woman Natalie Romero.
Romero's family said she suffered memory loss and couldn't remember what happened to her when the car hit her.
Her mother says she has a fractured skull and received stitches.
Romero is enrolled at the University of Virginia at Charlottesville.
"We are shocked, saddened, and deeply troubled at the murder of one of the protesters and the injury of many others. We reject this violence, and the violent white supremacist ideology that fuels it," event organizers said.
One of the most beautiful countries in Europe, Romania offers countless unique travel experiences that are waiting to be discovered. The words that best capture the essence of Romania are authentic, natural and cultural, being a dynamic country rich in history, arts and scenic beauty. Romfilatelia, true to its motto “a world in a stamp”, invites connoisseurs to take an imaginary trip through the country.
StampNews.com encourages our readers to we explore Romania's many architectural treasures and experience its vibrant and flourishing cultural patrimony through this postage stamp issue!
The stamp with the face value of Lei 2.50 reveals a landscape from the Danube Delta. It was incorporated into the UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1991 as the Biosphere Reserve, comprising one of the world's largest wetlands with over 400 lakes, oak and ash forests, sand dunes and wild beaches on the deltaic seaside. This is home for the Small Egret (Egretta garzetta), a species half the size of the Big Egret, with faster beating wings. It nests in fresh, brackish or saline wetlands and shows a preference for shallow waters where fish are concentrated in pools or at the water's surface.
The stamp with the face value of Lei 2.70 depicts the Clock Tower in the town of Sighisoara, the most massive of the nine defence towers that have been preserved up to now. The whole city, one of the few medieval citadel towns still inhabited, appears to the visitor as an open-air museum, its exhibits, charming by the atmosphere they create together, attracting hundreds of thousands of tourists year after year. It is paired with Transylvanian Saxon pottery, which stands out by its ornamental details, in a generous repertoire of decorative elements.
The stamp with the face value of Lei 3.50 illustrates the Bigar Waterfall, which is part of a protected area, located in Caras-Severin County, Bozovici commune. Its source spring is a strong one, fed by an underground watercourse that runs through the Anina Mountains. After about 200 m, the spring water (rich in limestone) flows into the Minis River from a rocky threshold, forming a spectacular waterfall. The beauty of this area is represented by the majestic Carpathian red deer, which can be found in areas with extensive forests, rich in food sources.
The stamp with the face value of Lei 4 shows the Voronet Monastery, a medieval monastery from Gura Humorului town. Often known as the “Sistine Chapel of the East”, the frescoes at Voronet feature an intense shade of blue known in Romania as “Voronet blue.” It is one of the famous painted monasteries from Southern Bukovina, in Suceava County. The monastery was constructed by Stephen the Great in 1488 to commemorate the victory at the Battle of Vaslui.
The stamp with the face value of Lei 4.50 shows of the Mocanita and the splendid décor through which it makes its way. A mocanita is a narrow-gauge railway in Romania, found most notably in Maramures, Transylvania, and Bukovina. Archetypely, they are situated in mountainous areas and the steam locomotives operating on them can also be referred to as mocanitas. These railways were built for cargo and passenger services (before 1920) but fell into disrepair over the years. Some are now being rehabilitated for the purposes of tourism, offering travellers a chance to take a trip through the mountainous nature.
Horezu ceramic making, inscribed in 2012 on the UNESCO Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity, is a unique traditional craft. Handmade in the northern part of Valcea County, Romania, they reflect generations of knowledge and craftsmanship. Men select and extract the earth, which is then transformed into a clay body from which the potters of Horezu produce a red pottery. The women decorate the objects using specific techniques and tools to draw traditional motifs. Their skill in combining decoration and colour defines the personality and uniqueness of these ceramics, illustrated on the stamp with the face value of Lei 15.
April 5 India Globalization Capital Inc
* IGC sells Malaysian hotel investment interest
* Has sold its ten percent holding in Brilliant Hallmark for a consideration of four million shares of co
* Company does not expect to record a gain or loss from this transaction Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HR Department of the Year Kick Off Breakfast
On Wednesday, May 30, over 100 guests gathered for the HR Department of the Year Breakfast kick-off event hosted by the Rosen Group, Challenger, Gray & Christmas, Inc, and Trion Group, a Marsh & McLennan Agency, LLC Company. The program included a first-look overview from founder Scott Rosen and presentations from past HR Department of the Year recipients. The program was sponsored by Gallagher Benefit Services and Ultimate Software.
Vulnerabilities in the SS7 system, used by networks to hand off calls between systems, can allow others to spy on you.
Surveillance systems that track the locations of cellphone users and spy on their calls, texts, and data streams are being turned against Americans as they roam the country and the world, say security experts and U.S. officials.
Federal officials acknowledged the privacy risk to Americans in a previously undisclosed letter from the Department of Homeland Security to Sen. Ron Wyden (D., Ore.) last week, saying they had received reports that “nefarious actors may have exploited” global cellular networks “to target the communications of American citizens.”
The letter, dated May 22 and obtained by The Washington Post, described surveillance systems that tap into a global messaging system that allows cellular customers to move from network to network as they travel. The decades-old messaging system, called SS7, has little security, allowing intelligence agencies and some criminal gangs to spy on unwitting targets — based on nothing more than their cellphone numbers.
“I don't think most Americans realize how insecure U.S. telephone networks are,” Wyden said in a statement. “If more consumers knew how easy it is for bad guys to track or hack their mobile phones, they would demand the FCC and wireless companies do something about it. These aren't just hypotheticals.”
Wyden also revealed in a separate letter Tuesday that a major American cellular carrier has referred an “SS7 breach” involving customer data to federal law enforcement officials for investigation. He chastised the Federal Communications Commission in the letter, saying it had “failed to address this ongoing threat to national security.”
The FCC declined to comment on the letter, which was addressed to Chairman Ajit Pai.
SS7, which stands for Signaling System 7, was created in the 1970s as a way for telecommunications carriers to exchange information as they routed calls. Over the years, SS7 expanded to serve a sprawling global cellular system that allowed users to move from network to network — within their own nations and across international borders — without missing calls, losing service, or having to make payments to each carrier that routed a signal to their phones.
But as the number of companies with access to SS7 grew from a handful to many thousands, the lack of built-in security became a growing problem. It was easy for anyone with access to the network to pretend to be a carrier making legitimate requests for information about customers.
Early research of SS7 surveillance focused on its use in tracking user locations through cellphones. But in recent years, a more serious issue has emerged around its ability to intercept calls, texts, and data.
Researchers say SS7 tracking systems around the world now create millions of “malicious queries” — meaning messages seeking unauthorized access to user information — each month.
One Israeli surveillance vendor, Ability, said in an online marketing video posted last year that its ULIN interception system can eavesdrop on cellphone calls on targets in New York or Los Angeles while agents are “sitting at your desk … anywhere in the world.” A 2016 brochure for the company depicted phones being tracked in Massachusetts.
Ability declined to comment about SS7 interception or where the company conducts surveillance, but a person familiar with its operations, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe private corporate details, said the ULIN system is not used in the United States. The video, this person said, is used “for demonstration purposes.”
The company says on its website that it has had 50 government clients around the world and does not have private-sector clients. Public financial documents listed Ability's major areas of operation as Latin America, Asia, and Africa, but it does not name nations. Forbes has previously reported on Ability's capabilities and sales, including to a client in Mexico.
The company, which has struggled financially in recent years, according to news reports, has several competitors, including in Israel, in Eastern Europe, and in other parts of the world, say experts in SS7 surveillance.
Wyden said the risks posed by SS7 surveillance go beyond privacy to affect national security. American, Chinese, Israeli, and Russian intelligence agencies are the most active users of SS7 surveillance, experts say, and private-sector vendors have put systems within the reach of dozens of other governments worldwide. Sophisticated criminals and private providers of business intelligence also use the surveillance technology.
“America is the Number One target, far and away. Everyone wants to know what's happening in America,” said Brian Collins, chief executive of AdaptiveMobile Security, a cellular security firm based in Dublin. “You will always be a target, whether at home or away.”
Other experts said SS7 surveillance techniques are widely used worldwide, especially in less-developed regions where cellular networks are less sophisticated and may not have any protection against tracking and interception. But the experts agreed that Americans are significant targets, especially of rival governments eager to collect intelligence in the United States and other nations where Americans use their cellphones.
Collins said his firm detected a surge in SS7 queries in U.S. networks in late 2014 that it thinks was related to the Office of Personnel Management hack in which intruders — widely reported to be Chinese — gained access to the files of millions of federal workers, including in some cases their phone numbers. (Although publicly reported in 2015, the hack began at least a year earlier.)
AdaptiveMobile Security also detected an uptick in malicious SS7 queries this month in the Middle East, in the days after President Trump announced the U.S. withdrawal from the Iran nuclear agreement, Collins said. This surveillance probably was the work of intelligence agencies studying how the U.S. move would affect oil prices and production, Collins said.
CTIA, a wireless industry group based in Washington, said carriers have worked to implement recommendations from federal officials to protect against SS7 surveillance. “The wireless industry is committed to safeguarding consumer security and privacy and collaborates closely with DHS, the FCC, and other stakeholders to combat evolving threats that could impact communications networks,” CTIA said in a statement.
Firewalls installed by carriers in recent years block many of the malicious queries, but many others are successful in eliciting unauthorized information from cellular carriers worldwide.
“It does happen, and it does happen thousands of times a month,” said Karsten Nohl, a telecommunications security expert with Security Research Labs in Berlin.
The most advanced SS7 surveillance systems can monitor the movements of dozens of people for hours at a time, sending alerts if they get close to select areas or to one another, experts say.
German telecommunications researcher Tobias Engel first warned of the potential for SS7 surveillance at a security conference in 2008, during which he demonstrated how to locate a cellphone provided by a volunteer from the audience. Engel also located the cellphone of a Washington Post reporter in 2014, at The Post's request, for an article about the growing availability and effectiveness of such systems.
Researchers have continued to detail SS7 vulnerabilities in recent years, including call, data, and text interception. A site reachable on Tor, an encrypted internet browsing tool, offers SS7 tracking and interception of cellphones for a few hundred dollars a month.
Criminals last year used SS7 to intercept security codes that a bank texted to its customers in Germany, allowing the criminals to steal money from accounts, according to news reports.
Carriers worldwide have gradually added better security, but SS7 does not have any way to verify that carriers sending data requests are who they claim to be. The firewalls increasingly installed by carriers, meanwhile, protect their own customers but typically not people who are roaming on the network, said Engel, the German researcher who first reported the security and privacy risks of SS7.
“It's much simpler to protect your own subscribers,” said Engel, now a researcher for GSMK, a mobile communications security company based in Berlin. “It could be that you're vulnerable as soon as you enter somebody else's network, domestic or foreign.”
Calls for an aggressive federal response grew after The Post's 2014 article and a “60 Minutes” report in 2016 in which Nohl, one of the German researchers, demonstrated SS7 surveillance risks by intercepting a call to the cellphone of Rep. Ted Lieu (D., Calif.) with his permission.
DHS, which declined to comment for this article, issued a report on SS7 cellphone security in April 2017 that noted the risk to federal personnel, “SS7 attack types can be used to target key U.S. Federal Government personnel both in the United States and traveling or working overseas.”
The DHS report recommended that carriers adopt new protections. An FCC group, the Communications Security, Reliability, and Interoperabilty Council, issued recommendations for improving SS7 security in March 2017 that U.S. carriers have largely adopted.
But Wyden and some other officials say the government must do more to protect American cellphone users by documenting SS7 breaches and commissioning independent testing of the vulnerabilities in national cellular networks — a step that Britain and some other nations have taken.
“The FCC has been studying SS7 vulnerabilities for nearly two years. Enough,” said FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat. “It's time for the agency to get serious and come up with a real plan to make sure that our networks are safe and secure.”
A total of 780 social houses were built across the State last year, according to figures published by the Department of Housing.
The figure, an increase on the 247 built in 2016, brings to 1,027 the number of social houses built since the Government's Rebuilding Ireland strategy was announced, less than one-fifth of what was promised in the action plan.
Simon Coveney, who was minister for housing at the time of the plan's publication, said in January last year there would be 13,189 “local authority new builds” during the course of the plan – from 2016 to 2020 – an average of 2,637 per year.
The 1,027 houses figure – an annual average of 513 units – were considerably lower than the 7,000 social homes Minister of State Damien English said had been “built” last year at an event in Cork city earlier this month, and than the 1,014 Ministers for Housing Eoghan Murphy last week said had been built in 2017.
The figures were described as “abysmally low” by Social Democrats co-leader, Catherine Murphy, TD.
“They show just how far off the mark the Government is when it makes claims about the number of social and affordable homes being built. It beggars belief that the Minister does not appear to even be in command of the facts on the ground.”
Varying figures
Housing policy expert and architect Mel Reynolds said the figures brought to a close “a confusing two weeks for anyone tracking social housing progress”.
“Varying figures were issued over the past two weeks. The actual final figure is a fraction of the original figure quoted,” he said in a reference to the figures mentioned by the Ministers.
Dublin City Council built the most social housing last year – 197 units followed by Cork City which built 123. Fingal built 99, Carlow built 43, Monaghan 39 and Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown County Council 38.
Galway City Council built none, as did South Dublin County Council. Clare, Laois, Leitrim and Wicklow County Councils also built no social housing last year. Cork County and Limerick built four units each.
Local authorities acquired – ie bought – 1,454 units of social housing last year, with Dublin City acquiring the most (217), followed by Wexford (123) and Kildare (108). Fingal acquired 52, South Dublin acquired 40 and Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown acquired 17.
Every council acquired some units, with Galway City the fewest (seven), Leitrim (eight) and Galway County (10).
Some 1,757 voids were brought back into use, 543 of them in Dublin city, 168 in Donegal and 121 in Fingal. Counties Longford and Leitrim brought no voids back into use while Roscommon brought three.
Ms Murphy said the figures “clearly demonstrate why the housing crisis is getting ever worse – local authority construction is happening at a snail's pace. We need to see a much faster delivery of new build houses as well as more ambitious local authority targets backed up [by] adequate resources.”
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
RICHMOND, Va. — We're giving you two chances to win a four-pack of tickets to the big race at Richmond International Raceway on Saturday, April 29.
Just click here to enter by commenting on the WTVR CBS 6 Facebook page.
And be sure to share the contest with your Facebook friends who love racing, so they can enter.
We'll contact/post the randomly selected winners on Thursday, April 20 and 27.
April 17 Contest Winner — ??????
April 24 Contest Winner — ??????
Per Facebook rules, we must mention this is in no way sponsored, administered, or associated with Facebook, Inc. By entering, entrants confirm they are 18+ years of age, release Facebook of responsibility, and agree to Facebook's terms of use. Must reside in the Richmond/Petersburg Designated Market Area (“DMA”) as defined by The Nielsen Company.
NEW RIEGEL — Behind Austin Lescallett's 22 points, New Riegel edged Riverdale 53-52 in a nonconference boys basketball game Saturday night.
Ben Dryfuse (12 points) and Cole Noftz (10 points) also scored in double figures for the Blue Jackets who remained unbeaten at 3-0 overall.
The Falcons (0-4) drained 10 3-pointers, getting four from Alec Loveridge and three from Coby Miller. Both finished with 17 points.
RIVERDALE (0-4)
Miller 7-0–17, Murphy 1-0–3, Morris 4-1–10, Loveridge 6-3–17, Davis 2-0–5. TOTALS: 20 4-9–52.
NEW RIEGEL (3-0)
Dryfuse 6-0–12, Noftz 4-0–10, Lescallett 7-2–22, Hohman 1-1–3, Theis 1-0–2, Smith 1-0–2, Acree 1-0–2. TOTALS: 21 3-9–53.
Riverdale 10 16 15 11 — 52
New Riegel 13 19 11 10 — 53
3-Point GOALS: Riverdale 10 (Loveridge 4, Miller 3, Murphy, Morris & Davis 1); New Riegel 6 (Lescallett 4, Noftz 2).
VANLUE 65
MONCLOVA CHRISTIAN 59
MONCLOVA — Vanlue conceded 49 points to two Monclova Christian players on Saturday.
But the Wildcats allowed just 10 points to the rest of the roster and Troy Ward proved to be a force inside and out in scoring 24 points and leading Vanlue to its first win of the season 65-59 in nonleague boys basketball action.
Ward hit seven twos, three threes and added a free throw to lead the Wildcats. Jacob Kloepfer scored 17 and Treg Price narrowly missed a double-double with nine points and a team-high nine rebounds.
Luke Metzger did not go quietly, though, scoring a game-high 32 points for Monclova Christian (2-2). Nick Kaufman chipped in 17 points in the loss.
vanlue (1-3)
Ward 10-1–24, Kloepfer 8-1–17, Price 3-2–9, Bonham 2-2–6, Sunderhaus 2-0–6, Davis 1-0–3. TOTALS: 26-53 6-13 — 65.
monclova christian (2-2)
Metzger 11-5–32, Kaufman 8-1–17, Meyer 2-0–4, Mitchell 1-0–3, Baker 0-1–1. TOTALS: 22-58 7-9 — 59.
Vanlue 18 16 16 15 — 65
Monclova Christian 11 11 14 23 — 59
3-Point GOALS: Vanlue 7-24 (Ward 3, Sunderhaus 2, Davis & Price 1); Monclova Christian 6-24 (Metzger 5, Mitchell 1).
rebounds: Vanlue 31 (Price 9); Monclova Christian 23.
turnovers: Vanlue 16, Monclova Christian 10.
junior varsity: Vanlue, 29-26.
OAK HARBOR 64
OLD FORT 34
OLD FORT — Old Fort fell behind by 14 points early and opted for the long-ball approach.
That did not work, though, as the Stockaders missed all 30 3-point attempts in Saturday's 64-34 nonleague boys basketball loss to Oak Harbor.
Old Fort, which fell to 2-1 overall, was led by Mason Salas and Carson Steyer who scored 10 points apiece.
Tate Smith sparked the Rockets (3-1) with a game-high 18 points and Jac Alexander scored 16.
oak harbor (3-1)
Smith 7-4–18, Alexander 7-0–16, Gezo 4-0–10, McAtee 4-0–8, Wilkins 0-3–3, Lacer 1-1–3, Schulte 1-0–2, Lewis 0-2–2, Rutledge 0-2–2. TOTALS: 24-52 12-27 — 64.
old fort (2-1)
Salas 5-0–10, C. Steyer 4-2–10, Smith 2-1–5, Wagner 2-0–4, Miller 1-1–3, Webb 1-0–2. TOTALS: 15-67 4-12 — 34.
Oak Harbor 20 14 18 12 — 64
Old Fort 4 14 6 10 — 34
3-Point GOALS: Oak Harbor 4-10 (Alexander & Gezo 2); Old Fort 0-30.
rebounds: Oak Harbor 40, Old Fort 22.
turnovers: Oak Harbor 19, Old Fort 18.
junior varsity: Old Fort, 50-40.
FREMONT ST. JOSEPH 57
TIFFIN CALVERT 43
FREMONT — Fremont St. Joseph built a 33-13 halftime lead and Tiffin Calvert never recovered as the Crimson Streaks stopped the Senecas 57-43 in a Sandusky Bay Conference River Division boys basketball game Friday night.
Chris Morrisette led four Fremont St. Joseph players in double figures with 15 points. Spencer Harrison and Zach Wonderly added 12 and 11 points, respectively, for the Crimson Streaks (2-1, 1-0 SBC). Tad Foster chipped in 10.
Park Hemminger scored 12 points with six assists and two steals for the Senecas (0-1, 0-1).
TIFFIN CALVERT (0-1, 0-1 SBC RIVER)
Dull 2-0–4, Hemminger 4-2–12, Conn 3-0–6, Schetter 1-0–3, Recker 2-1–5, Somodi 3-0–8, Taylor 2-0–4, Seifert 0-1–1. TOTALS: 17 4-5–43.
FREMONT ST. JOSEPH (2-1, 1-0 SBC RIVER)
Wonderly 4-0–11, Filliater 1-0–2, Foster 4-0–10, Moore 3-0–7, Harrison 6-0–12, Morrissette 5-3–15. TOTALS: 23-51 3-9–57.
Tiffin Calvert 6 7 19 11 — 43
Fremont St. Joseph 17 16 15 9 — 57
3-Point GOALS: Fremont St. Joseph 8-12 (Wonderly 3, Foster & Morrissette 2, Moore 1); Tiffin Calvert 5 (Somodi & Hemminger 2, Schetter 1).
rebounds: Fremont St. Joseph 21; Tiffin Calvert 15 (Recker 4).
turnovers: Fremont St. Joseph 17, Tiffin Calvert 16.
junior varsity: Fremont St. Joseph, 36-34.
Comments
comments
March 19 (UPI) -- Selena Gomez is visiting Australia amid rumors of her split from boyfriend Justin Bieber.
The 25-year-old singer and actress was spotted with friends Monday in Sydney following reports she and the 24-year-old recording artist are taking a break.
Gomez was seen reading, tanning and chatting with pals aboard a yacht in Sydney Harbor, according to Entertainment Tonight. The star wore an orange bikini top with black bottoms and gold hoop earrings.
Sources said Bieber spent the weekend in Los Angeles. People had reported March 8 that Gomez and Bieber are "taking a breather" from their relationship.
"They aren't getting along and decided to take a break," an insider said. "It doesn't seem like a big deal and they will probably be fine soon again."
E! News said Gomez and Bieber disagreed about their "lifestyle and how to handle their relationship in the public eye."
"She really wants to keep things low key and out of the spotlight," a source said. "She is still going to church and keeping the lines open with Justin, though. This is a more reset and a step back to re-evaluate what's going on and what direction they want to go in."
Gomez and Bieber reconnected in October after splitting in 2014 after several years of on-again, off-again dating. The actress dedicated a sweet post to Bieber on his 24th birthday this month, calling him "super cool."
ZAINKSA announces results of Extraordinary General meeting (TASI) Date: 16 Apr 2017 Mobile Telecommunications Company Saudi Arabia announced results of Extraordinary General meeting held on April 13, 2017. Shareholders approved to amend the Company Statute to conform to the new Corporate Law.
Left-wing billionaire George Soros, known for his global political influence, is reportedly upping his lobbying efforts in the U.S. — pouring significantly more money into pushing Congress to back his legislative goals in 2017.
According to the Washington Free Beacon, disclosure forms suggest that the big money donor is upping his efforts to influence policy via The Open Society Policy Center — a D.C. based non-profit.
advertisement
According to the Free Beacon, the organization spent nearly as much on lobbying in the first half of 2017 as it did in the entirety of 2016. So far it has spent at least $4.6 million on lobbying, according to forms filed with Congress and has three in-house lobbyists tasked with lobbying Congress, the National Security Council, the Pentagon, and the State Department.
The group has lobbied on issues ranging from nuclear defense to U.S.-Hungary relations — particularly the Restricting First Use of Nuclear Weapons Act of 2017 and the National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2018. Over the course of the year, the group has significantly broadened the issues on which it is lobbying. At the beginning of the year, it was lobbying on three issues — by June it was lobbying on 17 issues.
“OSPC engages on a range of issues in Congress, which have been fairly consistent over time,” a spokesman for the policy center told the outlet in a statement. “The level of spending on those issues tends to rise and fall depending on their state of play in Congress.”
According to the Free Beacon, the center is on pace to spend $9.2 million this year, marking a broader upward trend. The outlet reports that in the last four-and-a-half-years, it has spent $41.6 million — more than double what it spent during the ten years prior to that.
Adam Shaw is a Breitbart News politics reporter based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY
Two families are grief-stricken as Ottawa police continued their probe Monday into a devastating crash that killed two young men on Baseline Road over the weekend.
Const. Kevin Bradford of the collision investigation unit said investigators would like to hear from witnesses to the crash who have not already spoken to police. The collision happened around 2:30 p.m. Saturday on Baseline Road between Merivale Road and Fisher Avenue.
Police continue to analyze the evidence collected at the scene, which was closed to busy afternoon traffic for hours, to determine a cause and provide answers to the families of the two young men, both in their early 20s.
“So we can at least tell the family all of the information that we can give them and then be able to put some finality to this,” he said. “On a personal level, it's a pretty hard go right now… for both families.”
At one of the young men's homes in the Heatherington Road area on Monday, family members wailed and prayed in Arabic.
A family friend said they were too overcome with grief to speak of the young men, both 20, who became friends through their mothers after both families came to Canada from Iraq via Syria.
The two young men were in an eastbound coupe when it crossed the centre median, rolled multiple times, then landed, upside-down and crumpled, in the Central Experimental Farm, surrounded by debris and a downed fence post.
Paramedics said both men “sustained multi-system trauma” and were transported to the hospital in “critical, unstable condition.”
Police confirmed on Sunday that both died of their injuries but are not identifying them.
Witnesses to the crash are asked to call the collision investigation unit at (613) 236-1222, ext. 2481.
An amusing, but dangerous incident occurred near the Miles River on Maryland's Eastern Shore, when 51-year-old Robert Meilhammer was hunting waterfowls with three other people.
After firing at a flock of geese, one of the birds fell on Meilhammer's head, knocking him unconscious and causing head and facial injuries, including two broken teeth.
The unlucky hunter was then brought to a hospital by a chopper; upon returning to consciousness, Meilhammer knew who he was, but knew nothing about the incident.
READ MORE: French Hunter Unwittingly Kills Innocent Hiker
According to medical personnel, Meilhammer is in stable condition but sustained a "severe" head injury and is waiting for a further medical examination at a Baltimore trauma center.
Milestone on the path to the quantum computer: Scientists of the University of Konstanz, Princeton University, and the University of Maryland develop a stable quantum gate for two-quantum bit systems made of silicon. The quantum gate is able to perform all necessary basic operations of the quantum computer. The electron spin of individual electrons in silicon is used as the basic storage unit ("quantum bits"). The research results were published ahead of print in the online edition First Release of the scientific journal Science on 7 December 2017.
It will take quite a few years until the first quantum computers will be available in department stores. Even today, however, it has become apparent that the quantum computer will mark a big leap in computer technology. The quantum computer will be more efficient and will be able to solve problems where current computers hit a wall. However, the quantum computer reacts much more sensitively to external disturbances than a conventional machine. Consequently, a primary goal is to create stable "quantum gates" - the basic "building block" of the quantum computer. Scientists from the University of Konstanz, Princeton University and the University of Maryland now succeeded in creating stable quantum gates for two-quantum bit systems. Their quantum gate uses individual electrons in silicon to store the information ("quantum bit") and they can precisely control and read out the interaction of two quantum bits. This way the experiment includes all necessary basic operations of the quantum computer.
From electron to quantum bit
Just as a classical digital computer uses the "bit" with the values of either zero or one as the basic unit for all the calculation processes, a quantum computer, too, needs a basic storage unit: the quantum bit. The difference is that the quantum bit is not limited to two states (zero and one), but can exist in multiple states at once and is therefore much more complex in its implementation than a simple digital system. Researchers have come up with several ideas for technically realizing a quantum bit, for example using ions or superconducting systems. The researchers from Konstanz, Princeton and Maryland, however, use the electron spin, the intrinsic angular momentum of a single electron, in the semiconductor material silicon as the basis of quantum bits. The electron's direction of rotation corresponds to the zero and one values of the digital bit, but in its exact quantum state the electron is able to hold more information than just a simple zero or one.
A first achievement of the researchers was therefore to extract a single electron from the billions of atoms of a silicon piece. "That was an extraordinary achievement by our colleagues from Princeton", says physicist Professor Guido Burkard, who coordinated the theoretical research in Konstanz. The researchers use a combination of electromagnetic attraction and repulsion to separate a single electron from the electron bunch. The separated electrons are then lined up precisely and each is embedded in a kind of "hollow", where they are held in a floating state.
The next challenge was to develop a system to control the angular momentum of individual electrons. Konstanz physicists Guido Burkard and Maximilian Russ have developed the following method: a nano-electrode is applied to each electron. Using a magnetic field gradient, the physicists can create a position-dependent magnetic field the electrons can be individually accessed with, therefore enabling the researchers to control the angular momentum of the electrons. This way they have created stable one-quantum bit systems to store and read out information in the form of electron spins.
The step towards the two-quantum bit system
One quantum bit, however, is not enough to generate the basic switching system of a quantum computer. To do so, two quantum bits are required. The crucial step the Konstanz researchers took towards the two-quantum bit system was to link the states of two electrons. Such a link makes it possible to construct basal switching systems with which all basic operations of the quantum computer can be performed. For example, the system can be programmed in such a way that an electron rotates only when its adjacent electron has a spin in a predetermined direction.
This meant that the researchers from Konstanz had to create a stable system to link the spins of two individual electrons. "That was the most important and difficult part of our work", says Guido Burkard, who designed and planned the method together with team member Maximilian Russ. They developed a switching system that coordinates the angular momentum of two electrons in inter-dependence. An additional nano-electrode is placed between the two "hollows" in which the silicon electrons are floating. This electrode controls the coupling between the two electron spins. With this method the physicists have realized a stable and functional basic processing unit of a quantum computer. Fidelities for single quantum bits are above 99 percent, and about 80 percent for two interacting quantum bits - significantly more stable and more accurate than in previous attempts.
Silicon - a "silent material"
The base material of the quantum gate is silicon. "A magnetically very silent material with only a low number of own nuclear spins", Guido Burkard summarizes the advantages of silicon. It is important that the atomic nuclei of the chosen material do not have too many spins, that is, intrinsic angular momentum, which could interfere with the quantum bits. Silicon, with a share of around five percent, has an extremely low spin activity of its atomic nuclei and is therefore a particularly suitable material. Another advantage: silicon is the standard material of semiconductor technology and accordingly well researched. The scientists can therefore benefit from many years of experience with the material.
###
Original publication: D. M. Zajac, A. J. Sigillito, M. Russ, F. Borjans, J. M. Taylor, G. Burkard, J. R. Petta, Quantum CNOT Gate for Spins in Silicon, Science 07 December 2017 (10.1126/science.aap5965)
Facts:
- Milestone in the development of the quantum computer - current online publication in the scientific journal Science First Release on 7 December 2017. - Physicists from Konstanz, Princeton and Maryland develop a stable quantum gate for two-quantum bit systems made of silicon. - This quantum gate can perform all the necessary basic operations of the quantum computer. - The quantum gate uses the electron spin of individual silicon electrons to store information ("quantum bit"). - Fidelities for single quantum bits are above 99 percent, and about 80 percent for two interacting quantum bits. - Participating institutions: University of Konstanz, Princeton University (USA), National Institute of Standards and Technology (USA), University of Maryland (USA)
Note to editors:
Please click here to download an image: https:/ / cms. uni-konstanz. de/ fileadmin/ pi/ fileserver/ 2017/ Bilder/ Burkard_Quantengatter. jpg
Caption: Quantum gates of two silicon electrons. Two nano-electrodes (VL and VR) control the angular momentum of both electrons. A third nano-electrode (VM) coordinates the interaction of both electrons.
Contact
University of Konstanz
Communications and Marketing
Phone: + 49 7531 88-3603
E-Mail: kum@uni-konstanz.de
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - Even in surrender, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is going out fighting.
When he steps down Friday, the former Navy SEAL officer will be conceding political defeat amid allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign violations while still defiantly asserting that he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
He's even hinted at a possible political comeback, declaring during his resignation announcement Tuesday that "this is not the end of our fight." But political analysts say the man who had aspirations of becoming president could find a political revival challenging, especially in a #MeToo environment where he would be vulnerable to attack for allegedly taking a compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
Greitens' resignation comes just two weeks after a speech in which he recalled his grueling SEAL training and asserted he would never stop fighting. But his departure was days in the making, as Greitens wrestled with mounting legal bills and the emotional pressures of defending against possible impeachment and a criminal trial.
On Wednesday, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner dismissed a felony charge accusing Greitens of tampering with computer data for providing his political fundraiser with the donor list of a veterans' charity he founded. The dropped charge was the result of a deal proposed Saturday by Greitens' defense attorneys offering his resignation in exchange, said Gardner spokeswoman Susan Ryan.
The governor on Saturday also called Republican consultant Jeff Roe, who headed Greitens' aggressive public relations campaign, to inform Roe that he had decided to resign. Greitens' legal bills had grown to a couple of million dollars, and his campaign staffers also were facing legal bills because of subpoenas from a House investigation.
Though Greitens had believed he could beat both a criminal charge and impeachment, "he couldn't see the end without an immense financial and personal price to pay," Roe told The Associated Press on Wednesday.
Even though he's quitting amid scandal, some Greitens voters said they still like him. Retiree Wilma Nelson said she would be open to voting for Greitens again if he sought to re-enter politics.
"I can't fault him for giving up. So much money, so much stress, such strain on his young family. You can't deal with such hate," said Nelson, of Platte City.
Political science professor Jeremy Walling, of Southeast Missouri State University, said Greitens' pledge to keep fighting seemed to be "some face-saving."
Walling said several factors would make a political revival tougher for Greitens than for other scandal-plagued politicians. He said Greitens lacks deep support among Missouri's Republican power brokers, and his acknowledged extramarital affair included claims of sexual misconduct. The allegations also extended to political fundraising violations.
"I think a comeback is going to be kind of difficult for this guy," Walling said.
Gardner, the St. Louis prosecutor, said her decision to drop the data-tampering charge against Greitens was no indication that she believed he was innocent.
"I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state," said Gardner, a Democrat.
Had the governor been convicted, Gardner said, it was unlikely that he would be sentenced to prison, given the type of charge he faced and the fact that he would be a first-time offender.
Jim Martin, an attorney for Greitens, acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue.
A St. Louis judge approved the agreement, which has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Gardner and everyone in her office from civil liability.
Former Missouri Supreme Court Chief Justice Michael Wolff said the agreement between Greitens' attorneys and Gardner's office is highly unusual because it protects Gardner and her staff from being sued for their actions and because Greitens did not have to plead guilty to any lesser charge.
"Here's a guy who gets to get out of a felony charge just by agreeing to quit his job," Wolff said. "Most people don't get this deal."
Jean Paul Bradshaw II, a former U.S. attorney for western Missouri, said the agreement to drop the case represents a "fair resolution" because Greitens' resignation accomplished "the greatest public benefit" possible.
The governor also was indicted on an invasion-of-privacy charge in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking the photo of the woman who had been his hairdresser during their affair in 2015, before he was elected. That charge was dropped earlier this month, but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it.
Martin said he expected the remaining charge to be resolved soon, but he offered no details.
"I think what folks need to know is it's now time to leave the governor alone and let him and his family heal," Martin said.
Though Greitens had apparently decided to resign days earlier, he began the week as though he would continue his fight. On Monday, he spoke with attorney Catherine Hanaway about her legal defense of Greitens' campaign, which already had turned over thousands of documents to a House investigatory committee.
On Tuesday morning, a Cole County judge ordered the campaign and a pro-Greitens group called A New Missouri to comply with a House subpoena seeking more records about potential coordination between the nonprofit organization, Greitens and his campaign. The judge said the names of any donors to A New Missouri could be redacted.
House Speaker Todd Richardson said Wednesday that he didn't know whether the House still has the power or desire to enforce the subpoena now that Greitens is resigning.
Hanaway described the judicial ruling as "pretty innocuous," adding that she did not think the order "had any effect on the decision" to resign.
Roe said Greitens had been prepared for a two-stage fight. He was first focused on the invasion-of-privacy charge, which was dropped during jury selection. Greitens had hoped to be acquitted, which Roe said would have allowed him to mount a full defense against the potential House impeachment proceedings. But the specter of those charges being refiled hampered what Greitens could say and do on both fronts, Roe said.
Roe also said it appeared likely that the House would vote to impeach Greitens, a step that would have prolonged his fight for several more months until a trial could be held on whether to remove him from office.
"The human and financial toll was too great," Roe said. "And it was going to go on for too long."
___
Salter reported from St. Louis. Associated Press writers Blake Nelson in Jefferson City and John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, contributed to this report.
× Cop shoots knife-wielding man who lunged at officers: El Cajon PD
EL CAJON, Calif. — An El Cajon police officer shot a knife-wielding man who was walking in traffic, a police lieutenant said Monday.
The shooting happened at 9 p.m. Sunday in the area of Second Street and Oakdale Avenue, according to El Cajon police Lt. Walt Miller.
Officers responding to a 911 call reportedly found the incoherent man standing in traffic. When they tried to talk to him, he pulled out a knife and started walking south toward Madison Avenue.
Officers twice used a stun gun on the man and reportedly struggled to get the knife out of his hands before he lunged at an officer and was shot.
Paramedics rushed the man to an area trauma center. His condition was not immediately known, Miller said.
“The officer involved in this shooting was wearing a body-worn camera at the time of this incident,” he said. “The footage from this camera has been retained as evidence pending further investigation.”
El Cajon police asked anyone with any information regarding the officer-involved shooting to call them at 619-579-3311.
Multiple departments responded to a fire at a mobile home park near Bethany, overnight.
Bethany, Warr Acres and Yukon crews arrived at the scene near Northwest 50th and MacArthur after 6 a.m. According to the fire chief, two trailers and multiple cars were on fire at one point during the night.
No injuries were reported.
Authorities have not determined what caused the fire.
Stay with News9.com or your News 9 app for more information as it becomes available.
Victor Sjölin works in the Humanities Building Room 231 in a capstone editing studio at Santa Barbara City College on Jan. 31, 2018. Sjölin works on the promotional poster for his film “Virtually Yours," which debuts at the Arlington Theatre on Monday, Jan. 5, 2018.
Victor Sjölin works in the Humanities Building Room 231 in a capstone editing studio at Santa Barbara City College on Jan. 31, 2018. Sjölin works on the promotional poster for his film “Virtually Yours," which debuts at the Arlington Theatre on Monday, Jan. 5, 2018.
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close
Email This Story Sends email to this address Enter Your Name Add a comment here Verification Send Email Cancel
City College film students will have their capstone film screened for the Santa Barbara International Film Festival on Monday, Feb. 5, at the Arlington Theatre.
The 24-minute short film, titled “Virtually Yours,” was directed by Andrea Lithner and produced by Victor Sjölin for City College's capstone film production class, a class taught by Film and Television Chair Curtis Bieber in which finishing film students produce one professional short. The film tells the story of a young woman who immerses herself in a virtual reality game to explore a relationship she couldn't have in real life.
The film was submitted in the festival's competition, in which only 7 percent of the submitted films are accepted, according to a City College press release. It's the third City College capstone film in a row to be screened at the film festival.
“None of us came into this film expecting to get paid,” Sjölin said, explaining that entry into the film festival was the ultimate goal for the crew.
After City College offered a grant of $5,000 to help fund the film if it raised enough of its own money, Sjölin and Lithner were able to collect nearly $8,000 dollars for the project, $800 of which came from friends and relatives on social media. Every member of the film crew also contributed $100.
“If you really want to do it, you're going to get a long way in this business,” Lithner said.
Although Lithner and Sjölin are both from Sweden, the two hadn't met until they enrolled in Cinematography 1. Their collaboration on the film came out of a pact they made shortly after they met, promising each other that they would create a film together.
Using a script written by fellow film student Gustav Högmo and chosen by their capstone class, the two young filmmakers set out to tell the story of an atypical futuristic relationship.
The film was largely inspired by the visual elements of “Blade Runner” and by the story of the upcoming Spielberg film “Ready Player One.” Lithner said that coloring and lighting were the most essential tools used in creating the film's distinction between real life and the virtual world, and that its predominantly female cast came out of her urge to “accentuate the femininity of film.”
Committed to getting it to the festival, Sjölin and Lithner worked 10 to 15 hours days since the end of August to realize their goal.
The duo have a cohesiveness that they attribute to their decision to move in together in order to focus on the film. Lithner compared their relationship to a restaurant.
“The producer owns the restaurant, while the director decides what happens with the food,” she said.
One of the goals of “Virtually Yours” is to inspire people to take risks in real life, Sjölin said. The film is targeted at a young college audience who could relate to the immersive experience of technology.
The film will be screened with the festival's other narrative shorts at 8 p.m. on Monday, Feb. 5, at the Arlington Theatre. Individual tickets will be sold at the door for $10.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Congressman Dave Brat (R-7th District) remarked about the pressure on politicians and their families in response to a shooting that wounded leaders and law enforcement in Alexandria.
“People don't realize that we are up here away from our families and the families are horrified," Rep. Brat told CBS 6's Brendan King in a Skype interview from his Capitol Hill office. "They hear something and we have texts coming in. It's real. People lose track of that personal dimension. We are just normal people.”
Rep. Steve Scalise, a congressional staffer, a lobbyist, and members of the congressional police force were shot Wednesday morning in Alexandria, Virginia, in what sources are calling an apparent “deliberate attack.”
Brat said he was working out alongside other lawmakers when he heard the news of the shooting on the news.
“We are all praying for them and their families. I'm getting texts in right now about a hundred people wondering if I'm doing OK," Brat said.
President Donald Trump said the gunman had been killed. Federal law enforcement sources identified the shooter as James Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois.
Brat suggested that there now may be the need for extra security as lawmakers hold town halls across the county. In May, chaos erupted immediately Brat responded to hundreds of his constituents after voting “yes” on a bill to replace Obamacare.
"I have super people across my district," Brat said. "We have tremendous law enforcement that work together. They're probably sufficient, but us politicians need to do a better job in letting them know...We just need to think things through a little better ahead of time and let our law enforcement community know."
Speaking to his constituents, Rep. Brat said they should thank law enforcement who risk their lives to protect citizens.
“Back home make sure you're thanking your folks, police, sheriff, firefighters. They really are out there putting their lives's out on the line," Rep. Brat remarked. "Make sure you thank these people ahead of time. You may not see them the next day and that's a true tragedy.”
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - Police recovered ammunition among other items from the home of a man who shot and wounded patrons inside an Oklahoma restaurant last week.
The warrant to search the apartment of 28-year-old Alexander Tilghman was issued just more than four hours after police say Tilghman wounded three people about 6:30 p.m. last Thursday at Louie's On The Lake. A fourth person fell and broke his arm in the chaos after the shooting before Tilghman was fatally shot by two civilians.
The warrant filed Tuesday says 9 millimeter ammunition, notebook writings, a computer, a laptop and cellphones were taken from the apartment.
Police have not said what type of handgun was used by Tilghman, who was certified as an armed security guard.
Organisations and individuals recognise the importance of data privacy, but don't believe that the companies they work with are looking after their personal information.
A survey of 10 000 consumers, conducted by the Harris Poll on behalf of IBM, shows that 78% of US respondents say a company's ability to keep their data private is “extremely important”, but only 20% “completely trust” organisations they interact with to maintain the privacy of their data.
Other findings from the study include:
* 75 percent will not buy a product from a company – no matter how great the products are – if they don't trust the company to protect their data;
* 73% think businesses are focused on profits over addressing consumers' security needs;
* 73% indicated it is extremely important that companies quickly take proper actions to stop a data breach; and
* 60% are more concerned about cybersecurity than a potential war.
“Increasingly, we are seeing companies around the world trying to balance providing personalized services to consumers, while maintaining privacy,” says John Kelly, IBM senior vice-president: cognitive solutions.
“Getting this right requires companies working closely with each other and, importantly, with governments, to ensure the right protections are in place.”
Civil defense members inspect the damage at a site hit by airstrikes on Tuesday, in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
A crater is seen at the site of an airstrike, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
PARIS France is still seeking a United Nations Security Council resolution on Syria, foreign minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said on Thursday, adding that diplomatic negotiations were a priority over possible military action.
A suspected chemical attack by government forces in Syria's rebel-held Idlib province earlier this week, which killed at least 70 people, has sparked widespread criticism, including from U.S. President Donald Trump.
Ayrault told CNEWS television that France was pursuing a U.N. resolution condemning the attack and trying to convince allies to back it, in spite of pushback from Russia.
"France is still seeking to talk with its partners on the Security Council, especially the permanent members, and Russia in particular," Ayrault said.
He was more cautious on whether or not France, one of the main backers of the Syrian opposition to President Bashar al-Assad, would contemplate a military intervention if the United States decided to take action and ruled out stepping in for now.
Trump said on Wednesday that Assad's government had gone "beyond a red line" with the poison attack on civilians, but did not detail how he might respond.
U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley warned that countries "could be compelled to act."
"The first stage is to get a resolution vote and above all to re-start peace negotiations in Geneva. It is not to go in ourselves, under the pretext that the U.S. President may have a rush of blood to the head, and get onto a war footing," Ayrault said, asked whether France would join any possible U.S military operation.
Ayrault added that the U.S. response on Syria was still unclear, and that he was getting mixed messages from his counterpart, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis.
"They're not saying the same thing," he said.
France has repeatedly said that Assad cannot be part of a credible solution on Syria as part of peace talks, and along with Britain renewed its call this week for the Syrian president to leave office.
"His crimes cannot remain unpunished. The day will come when international justice will have its say on Bashar al-Assad," Ayrault said.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Sarah White, Leigh Thomas)
This Trendy Facial Is The New Way To Rosé
Wine is loaded with antioxidants, so why not spread the love to beauty? Angeli Kakade (@angelikakade) has the scoop.
By LINDSEY TANNER , AP Medical Writer
CHICAGO (AP) – Children's injuries and deaths from window blinds have not stalled despite decades of safety concerns, according to a new U.S. study that recommends a complete ban on blinds with cords.
Nearly 17,000 young children were hurt by window blinds between 1990 and 2015, and though most injuries were minor, almost 300 died, the study shows. Most deaths occurred when children became entangled or strangled by the cords.
Injuries continued even after manufacturers adopted voluntary safety standards including warning labels. The industry now has a plan in the works to make cordless blinds the only option at retail stores and online.
The study “should be a huge wake-up call to the public, to the retailers, to the manufacturers and to parent all over the nation to really see how hazardous the cords on the blinds are,” said Linda Kaiser of St Louis. Her 1-year-old daughter died in 2002 from strangulation when she pulled a looped hidden cord from a blind and put it around her neck. Kaiser later formed the advocacy group Parents for Window Blind Safety.
While study's data analysis doesn't show an up or downtrend in injuries and deaths, the fact that they're still occurring shows that safety standards have been inadequate, said lead author, Dr. Gary Smith, who directs injuries research at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio.
Paul Nathanson, spokesman for the Window Covering Manufacturers Association, said a soon-to-be adopted industry standard drafted with input from the Consumer Product Safety Commission will make corded blinds unavailable in stores and online, although consumers could buy them through custom orders.
The safety commission says windows and window blinds are among the top five hidden hazards in U.S. homes and in a statement, it called the draft standard “a major step forward in protecting children.”
That standard is awaiting approval by the American National Standards Institute and is expected to take effect by late 2018, Nathanson said.
Smith said 20 percent are custom blinds and a total ban on corded blinds is needed.
The study was published Monday in the journal Pediatrics .
His research team analyzed 26 years of U.S. government data on emergency room treatment and fatal injuries. The study notes that the dangers have been addressed in medical journal articles as far back as a 1945 report on two accidental hangings in children who survived.
“Seventy years ago we recognized that this was a product that was killing kids,” Smith said. “We should put child safety first.”
A Victorville man who was convicted of killing his girlfriend last year and fleeing to Oklahoma was sentenced to 15 years to life in state prison.
Saul Ricks Jr., 46, received his sentence during proceedings Friday before Judge Eric Nakata in Victorville Superior Court, according to online court records. Ricks was ordered to be delivered to the California Department of Corrections at the California Institution for Men in Chino, the records show.
On June 1, a jury found Ricks guilty of second-degree murder in the fatal assault of Veda Mims, 46, inside her Victorville apartment, according to court records.
San Bernardino County sheriff's deputies found Mims dead Oct. 13 in her apartment in the 15700 block of Sueno Lane in Victorville while conducting a welfare check after receiving a call from a concerned family member, according to a sheriff's news release. Ricks was determined to be the suspect and was taken into custody five days later in Oklahoma City.
Luke Skywalker may have been unimpressed with the life of a Tatooine moisture farmer, but a simple device that could economically harvest water from desert air would really be pretty exciting. According to Wookieepedia, the “moisture vaporators” the young Skywalker tended utilized refrigeration coils to chill air to the dew point and collect the water that condensed. We can certainly do that today (as they could “long, long ago... ”), but the amount of energy required makes collecting condensation impractical.
Enter a new study device developed by MIT's Hyunho Kim. His idea is to work with a unique class of materials called “metal-organic frameworks.” Organic, carbon-based molecules form links between metallic ions to create interesting 3D structures that can have lots of open space internally. This allows the structures to do strange things, like make a high-pressure tank hold far more hydrogen gas after it's first filled with granules of the right metal-organic framework material.
Kim worked with a zirconium oxide paired with an organic molecule. The combination has the useful quality of grabbing and holding onto water vapor at lower temperatures, but also letting go of that water as the heat rises. So the basic idea is that a device based on this material could passively harvest water vapor from the air at night and then release it (to be collected) in the heat of the day.
For a first test, the researchers tried out the process in the laboratory. A thin square of the metal-organic framework material was placed in a chamber of air at just 20-percent relative humidity. After a while, it was hit with Sun-strength light. Behind the square was a small surface kept at a constant, cooler temperature. This surface allowed the released water vapor to condense in droplets. The setup worked as predicted.
Hardware tests
Next came the construction of the demonstration prototype seen in the photo at the top of the page. It was taken out of the lab and onto the roof. A layer of the water-absorbing material sat atop a chamber with a viewing window on the side. The bottom of the chamber held a condensing plate, again cooled a few degrees below the surrounding air temperature, but only to ensure the water vapor condensed on the plate rather than fogging up the viewing window. In practice, a passive heat sink (think radiator fins) at ambient temperature would be used to help the water condense without the need for any energy input.
The researchers left the metal-organic framework layer out overnight to absorb water vapor. Then they placed it inside the prototype chamber and watched as droplets of water appeared on the condenser in the daytime sunshine.
Because the demonstration prototype was a small device, it only captured a small amount of water, but the potential is there. Scaled up to one square meter, this version would harvest roughly 0.2 liters per day. But if the water-absorbing layer is kept thin, it can “fill up” in as little as an hour, so a once-per-day collection cycle is perhaps unnecessarily limiting. Shading the device periodically over the course of a day would increase the number of cycles and get you close to a liter per day per square meter.
The output could be increased in a number of ways, but the bigger lesson is that the Sun alone can drive a pretty impressive process, however it's optimized. Even in dry desert air, there's some “water, water everywhere”—and this could get you a drop to drink.
Science, 2016. DOI: 10.1126/science.aam8743 (About DOIs).
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The South West fixtures for the 2018-19 season have been released.
Newly-promoted Dryrbook start life in South West Premier campaign away to Exeter University, the side they pipped to the South West One West title last season.
Fellow newly-promoted side Old Patesians, the South West 1 East champions last season, face a tough start at home to a Bournemouth side that finished runners-up last time.
Old Centralians remain in South West 1 East, the only Gloucestershire club in the division following Old Pats' promotion, and visit Salisbury on the opening day with relegated Lydney, Newent and Coney Hill all in South West 1 West.
Lydney will begin their bid to bounce back to the South West Premier at home to Launceston, while Newent face Keynsham and newly-promoted Coney Hill visit North Petherton.
The South West Premier, South West 1 West and 1 East and Western Counties North seasons start on Saturday, September 1 with the Wadworth 6X Gloucestershire Premier and Gloucestershire 1 starting a week later and Gloucestershire 2 North and South starting on Saturday, September 15.
Fixtures can still be moved or reversed by mutual consent between clubs.
Here are all the derbies involving our county clubs from South West Premier to Gloucester 1 to look forward to:
South West Premier
October 10: Drybrook v Old Patesians
January 26: Old Patesians v Drybrook
South West 1 West
September 15: Newent v Lydney
December 1: Lydney v Coney Hill
December 8: Coney Hill v Newent
January 5 2019: Lydney v Newent
March 30: Coney Hill v Lydney
April 6: Newent v Coney Hill
Western Counties North
September 1: Matson v Chosen Hill Former Pupils
Old Richians v Cheltenham
September 8: Cheltenham v Stroud
September 22: Chosen Hill v Old Richians
September 29: Stroud v Chosen Hill
October 20: Old Richians v Matson
October 27: Chosen Hill v Cheltenham
Matson v Stroud
November 24: Cheltenham v Matson
Stroud v Old Richians
December 15: Stroud v Cheltenham
January 12 2019: Old Richians v Chosen Hill
January 19: Chosen Hill v Stroud
February 9: Matson v Old Richians
February 16: Cheltenham v Chosen Hill
Stroud v Matson
March 23: Matson v Cheltenham
Old Richians v Stroud
April 13: Cheltenham v Old Richians
Chosen Hill v Matson
Wadworth 6X Gloucester Premier
September 8: Hucclecote v Gordon League
Longlevens v Gloucester Old Boys
Widden Old Boys v Berry Hill
September 15:
Gloucester Old Boys v Spartans (Gloucester)
Gordon League v Longlevens
Hucclecote v Widden Old Boys
September 29: Berry Hill v Cheltenham Saracens
Longlevens v Hucclecote
Spartans (Gloucester) v Gordon League
October 6: Hucclecote v Spartans (Gloucester)
Longlevens v Widden Old Boys
October 20: Berry Hill v Gloucester Old Boys
Spartans (Gloucester) v Longlevens
Widden Old Boys v Cheltenham Saracens
October 27: Gordon League v Berry Hill
Spartans (Gloucester) v Widden Old Boys
November 3: Berry Hill v Hucclecote
Cheltenham Saracens v Gloucester Old Boys
November 17: Gordon League v Cheltenham Saracens
Longlevens v Berry Hill
December 1: Berry Hill v Spartans (Gloucester)
Cheltenham Saracens v Hucclecote
Widden Old Boys v Gloucester Old Boys
December 8: Gordon League v Gloucester Old Boys
Longlevens v Cheltenham Saracens
December 15: Cheltenham Saracens v Spartans (Gloucester)
Gloucester Old Boys v Hucclecote
Widden Old Boys v Gordon League
January 5: Longlevens v Gordon League
Spartans (Gloucester) v Gloucester Old Boys
Widden Old Boys v Hucclecote
January 12: Cheltenham Saracens v Berry Hill
Gordon League v Spartans (Gloucester)
Hucclecote v Longlevens
January 19: Spartans (Gloucester) v Hucclecote
Widden Old Boys v Longlevens
January 26: Cheltenham Saracens v Widden Old Boys
Gloucester Old Boys v Berry Hill
Longlevens v Spartans (Gloucester)
February 9: Berry Hill v Gordon League
Widden Old Boys v Spartans (Gloucester)
February 16: Gloucester Old Boys v Cheltenham Saracens
Hucclecote v Berry Hill
March 2: Berry Hill v Longlevens
Cheltenham Saracens v Gordon League
March 9: Gloucester Old Boys v Widden Old Boys
Hucclecote v Cheltenham Saracens
Spartans (Gloucester) v Berry Hill
March 23: Cheltenham Saracens v Longlevens
Gloucester Old Boys v Gordon League
April 6: Gordon League v Widden Old Boys
Hucclecote v Gloucester Old Boys
Spartans (Gloucester) v Cheltenham Saracens
April 13: Berry Hill v Widden Old Boys
Gloucester Old Boys v Longlevens
Gordon League v Hucclecote
Wadworth 6X Gloucestershire 1
September 8: Old Cryptians v Dursley
Smiths Rugby v Brockworth
September 15: Cheltenham North v Smiths Rugby
September 29: Bredon Star v Cheltenham North
Smiths Rugby v Cirencester
October 6: Cheltenham North v Brockworth
Cirencester v Bredon Star
Dursley v Smiths Rugby
October 20: Brockworth v Cirencester
October 27: Cirencester v Cheltenham North
Dursley v Brockworth
North Bristol v Bredon Star
November 3: Cheltenham North v Dursley
Smiths Rugby v Old Cryptians
November 17: Dursley v Cirencester
December 1: Brockworth v Old Cryptians
December 8: Old Cryptians v Cheltenham North
December 15: Bredon Star v Smiths Rugby
Cirencester v Old Cryptians
January 5: Smiths Rugby v Cheltenham North
January 12: Cheltenham North v Bredon Star
Cirencester v Smiths Rugby
January 19: Bredon Star v Cirencester
Brockworth v Cheltenham North
Smiths Rugby v Dursley
January 26: Cirencester v Brockworth
February 9: Brockworth v Dursley
Cheltenham North v Cirencester
February 16: Dursley v Cheltenham North
Old Cryptians v Smiths Rugby
March 2: Bredon Star v Old Cryptians
Cirencester v Dursley
March 9: Old Cryptians v Brockworth
March 23: Cheltenham North v Old Cryptians
April 6: Old Cryptians v Cirencester
Smiths Rugby v Bredon Star
April 13: Brockworth v Smiths Rugby
Dursley v Old Cryptians
View all fixtures on the South West website here
GATLINBURG (WATE) – The song “Rocky Top” is reaching a milestone this month by turning 50 years old. It was written in Gatlinburg all those years ago.
Whether it is at a University of Tennessee football game or on the radio, if you call East Tennessee home, you likely know the song.
“It's kind of the shrine to the state of Tennessee as well,” said Karen Massey with Kreative Events. Kreative Events is helping celebrate the 50th year of “Rocky Top” in Gatlinburg.
“Rocky Top” had its humble beginnings at the Gatlinburg Inn where it was written by husband and wife Felice and Boudleaux Bryant.
“They checked in in 1967 working on another album project. They wrote the song ‘Rocky Top' in the midst of all that,” said Gary Bailey, general manager at the Gatlinburg Inn.
The Bryants penned the song in room 388 which is preserved exactly as it was back then. The scribblings of the original sheet music are still on the wall.
The song was actually was born out of bickering.
“They wrote the song pretty much so he could pacify her a little bit. She was tired of writing the slow sad songs. She wanted something upbeat, so they stopped and within 10 minutes they had it on paper,” Bailey said.
A lifetime of success followed those few minutes. The Osborne Brothers recording the song later that same year, followed by dozens of artists throughout the decades.
It was in 1972 that “Rocky Top” got its fame on the football field. The band first used it during a halftime show, and it stuck. Now it is UT's unofficial fight song, and USA Today called it the country's best fight song in 2015.
The state also adopted it as one of the state songs.
“A simple little song has gone from a bluegrass song to a state song to, I mean it's known nationwide,” Bailey said.
Of course the 50th anniversary of “Rocky Top” is something that needs to be celebrated, so that is exactly what they are planning to do at the Gatlinburg Inn. They were setting up on the lawn Monday for a big party to happen Tuesday night from 5:00 until 10:00. It is free and open to the public.
“We're going to hear a lot of ‘Rocky Top.' We also have a little surprise with a lot of brass that will be playing ‘Rocky Top,'” Massey said.
While we may never know exactly what peaks the Bryants were referring to as “good ole' Rocky Top,” we do know the Gatlinburg Inn is the song's home sweet home.
“That's what we really hang our hat on here,” Bailey said.
PHOTOS: Rocky Top View as list View as gallery Open Gallery The song was written at the Gatlinburg Inn in 1967. Writers Felice and Boudleaux Bryant The original sheet music Peyton Manning leads the band in a playing of Rocky Top
New Delhi, 30th May 2018: A study conducted by researchers at the University of Utah Health have come up with the theory that music-based treatments could be used to alleviate anxiety in patients with dementia. Music may help tap into the salience network of the brain that is still relatively functioning. The need of the hour is to create awareness on alternative treatment for Alzheimer's.
Music activates the brain, causing whole regions to communicate. By listening to the personal soundtrack, the visual network, the salience network, the executive network and the cerebellar and corticocerebellar network pairs all showed significantly higher functional connectivity.
Speaking about this, Padma Shri Awardee Dr K K Aggarwal, President, Heart Care Foundation of India, said, “Alzheimer's causes severe memory recall issues, and progressive damage to their brains impairing other cognitive functions as well. This can lead to a state of anxiety and disorientation in many people but listening to music can prove beneficial. Music can relieve stress, reduce anxiety and depression, and reduce agitation. Apart from aiding memory in those with Alzheimer's, music can also benefit caregivers by reducing their anxiety and distress. It helps lighten the mood and provides a way to connect with loved ones who have Alzheimer's disease by easing communication. Music is like an anchor, grounding the patient back in reality.”
India has an ever-growing elderly population, out of which 1.6 million are suffering from Alzheimer's. This number is only expected to triple by 2050.
Adding further, Dr Aggarwal, who is also the Group Editor of IJCP, said, “It is important that you engage in regular mentally stimulating activities to keep those brain cells up and running. This is particularly beneficial for those who have crossed their 40s. Try doing light brain stimulating tasks like crossword puzzles, quizzes, daily reading or anything similar that interests you. For older individuals, it is advised that they engage their mental reserves through social engagement and exercise.”
Some tips from HCFI
• Maintain a healthy weight. Check your waistline.
• Eat mindfully. Emphasize colorful, vitamin–packed vegetables and fruits; whole grains; fish, lean poultry, tofu, and beans and other legumes as protein sources plus healthy fats. Cut down on unnecessary calories from sweets, sodas, refined grains like white bread or white rice, unhealthy fats, fried and fast foods, and mindless snacking. Keep a close eye on portion sizes, too.
• Exercise regularly. Aim for 2½ to 5 hours weekly of brisk walking (at 4 mph). Or try a vigorous exercise like jogging (at 6 mph) for half that time.
• Keep an eye on important health numbers. In addition to watching your weight and waistline, keep a watch on your cholesterol, triglycerides, blood pressure, and blood sugar numbers.
• Earlier clinical trials reported in up to date have found that exposing patients to music for 15 to 20 minutes prior to and/or during a procedure reduces anxiety levels in samples of patients undergoing various procedures like colposcopy, cystoscopy and gastrointestinal; cesarean delivery; mastectomy; port catheter placement, day surgery, flexible cystoscopy; and hysteroscopy.
• An observational trial in patients awaiting surgery found that patients' subjective reports of decreased anxiety were consistent with heart rate variability, an objective marker of anxiety.
• Music did not show a benefit during endoscopy in a trial of patients under conscious sedation.
Facebook is being blasted by both the U.S. and U.K. government for making users‘ information vulnerable. The social networking giant allegedly let a third-party firm, Cambridge Analytica, keep data on users. As many as 50 million personal profiles were allegedly exploited. Yahoo Finance‘s Alexis Christoforous and Rick Newman break down the details.
ITHACA, N.Y. - Although scientists warn that urgent action is needed to stop climate change, public engagement continues to lag. Many social scientists say people are hesitant to act on climate change because, especially in Western industrialized countries like the U.S., it feels like such a distant threat.
New research from a Cornell University communication professor upends that conventional thinking.
Jonathon Schuldt, assistant professor of communication, says it is possible to make faraway climate impacts feel closer. But that doesn't automatically inspire the American public to express greater support for policies that address it. The paper appeared in the Journal of Environmental Psychology.
The research offers a more complex, alternative view of current assumptions in climate change communication. The conventional thinking is based on a theory in social psychology based on psychological distance. It says we generally think about things that are physically close to us in much more concrete and vivid ways compared with things that are far away.
"Normally, reducing psychological distance is talked about like a panacea for climate change engagement. 'Just talk about local impacts; just make it feel closer and then people will do something,'" Schuldt said. "We're saying, well, maybe that's overly simplistic.
"Our findings suggest it's possible to make faraway climate impacts feel closer to people, but that it's wishful thinking to assume that's automatically going to translate into greater policy support."
The researchers had U.S.-based participants watch a video about climate change occurring in the Republic of the Maldives, a chain of 26 low-lying atolls in the Indian Ocean and one of the world's most vulnerable countries when it comes to climate change. "In fact, some models predict it is at significant risk of being completely submerged due to sea level rise within a century," Schuldt noted.
The participants then looked at an online map, similar to a Google Map, designed to make the distance separating their location in Ithaca, New York, and the Maldives seem relatively short (just a few scrolls of the mouse in one condition of the experiment) or relatively long (additional scrolls in the other condition).
Participants were then asked to judge the distance separating the U.S. and the Maldives. Participants who viewed the smaller map judged the two countries as closer compared to those who viewed the large map. "This suggests we were able to make the Maldives feel a little bit closer than it normally does," Schuldt said. "And that people's feelings of distance, to the same climate impacts, can be affected by something as simple as the size of the map they're using."
Then the participants described the video in their own words. Half of the participants in the small map condition described the video in concrete ways, compared with only 35 percent in the large map condition - suggesting that how people thought about the climate impacts matched their relative feelings of closeness to the Maldives.
Last, the participants took a standard measure of policy support for climate change, answering questions such as, "How much do you favor reducing carbon dioxide as a pollutant?" In the end, the participants' support for climate change policies was the same, whether they were in the small or large map condition. "We found no difference - no difference at all," Schuldt said.
This is not the final word on this topic, he cautioned. The researchers used a common measure of policy support, but it's certainly not the only one. "Just because we didn't find an effect in our measure doesn't mean that we won't find an effect with another."
###
Cornell University has television, ISDN and dedicated Skype/Google+ Hangout studios available for media interviews.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
On this week's episode of Talk of the Town:
Johnny Morton and Luke Saunders review Cheltenham Town's 1-1 home draw with Barnet.
They look ahead to this weekend's trip to struggling Grimsby Town.
There is also analysis of Gary Johnson's January transfer business, which saw him bring in five loan players and one permanent signing.
Listen here:
Cheltenham's January signings:
Emmanuel Onariase (Rotherham United, loan)
Sanmi Odelusi (Colchester, free)
Elijah Adebayo (Fulham, loan)
Ilias Chatzitheodoridis (Brentford, loan)
Joe Rodon (Swansea City, loan)
Jake Andrews (Bristol City, loan)
We've seen some amazing sunsets and sunrises over the last week and Friday did not disappoint! This gorgeous, pretty picture, courtesy photographer Randy Small, of our sunrise.
Later on Friday a weak front moves inland bringing increasing clouds. Highs will top out around normal near 64, and don't rule out some sprinkles or showers as we push through the rest of the weekend.
Showers will hit the coast first and spread to the mountains later Friday night. Seattle may dodge some of those rain drops as most will be confined to the coast, mountains and to the north.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Heading out to the Husky game Saturday night? Definitely take a rain jacket. We just might see a few showers roll through during the game against the Cal Bears.
Cloudy skies will hang out through Sunday morning and then we'll start to see some clearing by midday. Highs will be a bit cooler, landing in the low 60s. Lows will hang in the upper 30s to mid 40s.
Next week, we'll keep more Autumn sunshine in the forecast. Expect mostly sunny skies with highs in the mid 60s.
The X-Files is bringing back Mulder and Scully 2.0 for Season 11.
TVLine has learned exclusively that Robbie Amell (The Flash) and Lauren Ambrose (Six Feet Under) have signed on to reprise their roles as Agents Miller and Einstein in the series' latest revival (set to bow on Fox in early 2018). It remains unclear how many of Season 11's 10 episodes they will appear in.
The pair made their X-Files debut in last year's six-episode revival as FBI special agents who bore more than a passing resemblance to David Duchovny's Mulder and Gillian Anderson's Scully. (Amell's Miller was open to nontraditional ideas and explanations, while Ambrose's Agent Einstein — a redheaded doctor who chose to make her career in the Bureau — was far more interested in solving mysteries by using clear-cut, irrefutable science.)
There was buzz that Fox and series creator Chris Carter briefly toyed with (but ultimately jettisoned) the idea of launching an X-Files spinoff centered on Miller and Einstein, something Carter neither confirmed not denied. For her part, Ambrose sidestepped the spinoff chatter when we spoke to her last year. “All I know is it was a great place to work and I would love to do more,” she said at the time. “I love working with Chris and David and Gillian. They're all amazing, talented people… and I would like nothing more than to do more.”
Small scale agricultural farming was first initiated by indigenous communities living on Turkey's Anatolian plateau, and not introduced by migrant farmers as previously thought, according to new research by the University of Liverpool.
Professor Douglas Baird and his team discovered the presence of carbonised seeds and phytoliths of wheat chaff at Boncuklu, along with agricultural weeds commonly found in early farming sites, suggesting the cultivation of crops did take place.
Additionally, nitrogen isotopes from sheep and goat bone collagen indicate very small scale experimentation with the herding of these animals.
Analysis of stone tools and ancient DNA suggests an indigenous population, rather than migrants from earlier agricultural communities within the Fertile Crescent.
Professor Baird said: "Confounding the expectations of some archaeologists that the migrant farmer brought farming to central Anatolia, our evidence shows that the site of Boncuklu was occupied by long present, local Anatolian communities who mostly hunted and gathered a wide range of wetland animals and plants, but adopted farming from areas to the south and east through exchange.
"Although used; cultivated plants, wheat, lentils and peas were not fully domesticated and contributed only a small amount to the diet of the Boncuklu community."
Project Co-Director, University of Queensland Associate Professor Andrew Fairbairn, said: "Unexpectedly, this low level food production persisted for at least five centuries.
"Archaeologists usually consider these kinds of food production systems to be short-lived and transitional, but our research suggests a stable and persistent use of crops and herd animals as a minor part of the economy for a long time.
"This does not fit existing theory."
The team contrasted Boncuklu with the nearby site of P?narba??, excavated by Professor Baird in 2003-4. Lying 30km south of Boncuklu in Karaman Province, evidence suggests these communities resisted the adoption of farming and maintained a hunter-gatherer lifestyle, showing the spread of agriculture beyond the Fertile Crescent was neither uniform nor inevitable.
Professor Baird, from the University's Department of Archaeology, Classics and Egyptology, said: "Intriguingly, while P?narba?? was abandoned and its people disappeared from the archaeological record, we believe that the way of life we see at Boncuklu contributed directly to that conducted at the slightly later Neolithic settlement, Çatalhöyük.
"Farming at Boncuklu was a relatively minor economic activity 10,000 years ago, but its adoption may have had both immediate and long-term consequences for the particular communities who committed to it."
Funded by the British Academy, the British Institute at Ankara and the Australian Research Council, the research is published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the USA (PNAS).
It was conducted by an international team led by Professor Baird, Associate Professor Andrew Fairburn, and Assistant Professor Gokhan Mustafaoglu and included researchers from Bournemouth University, University College London, University of Reading, Cornell University, Middle Eastern Technical University Ankara, Thrakya University, Bulent Ecevit University Zonguldak, Peking University and Harvard University, as well as Universities of Liverpool and Queensland.
As part of the project an experimental area has been developed, including reconstructed Neolithic houses, with plans to develop a Neolithic 'garden'.
Professor Baird added: "We are keen to communicate our results to local communities in Turkey as well as international visitors."
###
RESIDENTS in mid-Louth are set to benefit from a €7.5 million investment in the area by Irish Water.
A sod was turned to officially mark the start of an 18-month project to upgrade the Ardee Sewerage Scheme today (Friday, October 6).
The sod was turned by Louth County Council Chairman Colm Markey and Irish Water Wastewater Infrastructure Programme Manager Paul Fallon.
"This is a significant infrastructure project for Co Louth which will address deficiencies with wastewater treatment in Ardee and the surrounding area,” said Cllr Markey.
“This investment will sustain and enhance the environment by improving water quality in the River Dee while at the same time facilitating future growth and economic development by providing increased capacity at the treatment plant.”
The plan to increase the capacity of the existing Wastewater Treatment Plant in Ardee aims to support ongoing business and housing development in the town and surrounding areas.
The existing wastewater treatment plant is currently at maximum capacity and the work, once completed, will ensure the plant meets Environmental Protection Agency discharge requirements.
FILE In this April 14, 2009 file photo then Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, right, and former German chancellor Gerhard Schroeder seen during their meeting in St. Petersburg, Russia. Germanyâ€™s government is rejecting the idea that former Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder should face sanctions over his links to Russian business and President Vladimir Putin. On Monday, March 19, 2018, Germanyâ€™s Bild daily quoted Ukrainian Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin as saying: â€œSchroeder is the most important lobbyist for Putin worldwide. (AP Photo/Dmitry Lovetsky,file)
FILE In this April 14, 2009 file photo then Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, right, and former German chancellor Gerhard Schroeder seen during their meeting in St. Petersburg, Russia. Germanyâ€™s government is rejecting the idea that former Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder should face sanctions over his links to Russian business and President Vladimir Putin. On Monday, March 19, 2018, Germanyâ€™s Bild daily quoted Ukrainian Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin as saying: â€œSchroeder is the most important lobbyist for Putin worldwide. (AP Photo/Dmitry Lovetsky,file)
BERLIN (AP) - Germany's government is rejecting the idea that former Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder should face sanctions over his links to Russian business and to President Vladimir Putin.
Schroeder was close to Putin as chancellor and became involved with a Russian-German gas pipeline project shortly after leaving office in 2005. Last year he was named chairman of Russian state oil giant Rosneft, drawing criticism from Chancellor Angela Merkel.
A Wall Street Journal article Saturday questioned why Schroeder hasn't been targeted by sanctions. On Monday, Germany's Bild daily quoted Ukrainian Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin as saying: "Schroeder is the most important lobbyist for Putin worldwide. So it should be examined how the EU can act here."
Merkel spokesman Steffen Seibert said Monday: "The German government and chancellor see no reason to consider such things."
The Federal Reserve has dropped the hammer on Wells Fargo.
Scroll for more content...
The Fed handed down unprecedented punishment late Friday for what it called the bank's "widespread consumer abuses," including its notorious creation of millions of fake customer accounts.
Wells Fargo won't be allowed to get any bigger than it was at the end of last year -- $2 trillion in assets -- until the Fed is satisfied that it has cleaned up its act.
Under pressure from the Fed, the bank agreed to remove three people from the board of directors by April and a fourth by the end of the year.
It is the first time the Federal Reserve has imposed a cap on the entire assets of a financial institution, according to a Fed official.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank," outgoing Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen said in a statement. Friday was her last day on the job.
Wells Fargo controls more money than any bank in the United States besides JPMorgan Chase, according to Fed data. But its reputation has been shattered over the past year and a half by a seemingly endless series of misconduct.
Most prominently, Wells Fargo admitted that its workers responded to wildly unrealistic sales goals by creating as many as 3.5 million fake accounts. The bank has also said it forced up to 570,000 customers into unneeded auto insurance.
The bank agreed to the Fed's conditions under what's known as a consent decree. In a statement, Wells Fargo said it is "confident" it can meet the Fed's requirements.
Related: Elizabeth Warren wants the Wells Fargo board wiped out
"We take this order seriously and are focused on addressing all of the Federal Reserve's concerns," said CEO Timothy Sloan, whose predecessor, John Stumpf, resigned a month after the fake-accounts scandal broke.
The Fed will require Wells Fargo to turn in detailed plans of what it has done, and intends to do, to fix the board. Wells Fargo must also submit a broader explanation for how it will improve its internal controls and its handling of risk. Those plans are due in 60 days.
By September 30, Wells Fargo must engage a third party to review how the bank is executing those plans.
Wells Fargo will still be able to accept consumer deposits and make loans to consumers, the Fed official said. However, it will be up to the bank to determine what changes may need to be made to its business in order to stay under the asset cap.
Wells Fargo stock fell more than 6% in after-hours trading Friday.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat and the most prominent of Wells Fargo's many critics in Congress, had begged Yellen to go after the board. Warren said in July that nothing would change at the big banks until "actual human begins are held accountable."
In a tweet Friday, Warren lauded Yellen for taking action and reiterated the case for tough regulation.
"Chair Yellen's decision today to freeze the growth of Wells Fargo until it shapes up also demonstrates that we have the tools to rein in Wall Street -- if our regulators have the guts to use them," Warren wrote. "This one hits them where it hurts."
The scandal broke into public view in September 2016, when regulators revealed that Wells Fargo had created millions of bank accounts for customers without their knowledge. The company admitted the fake accounts dated back to 2009.
Since then, Wells Fargo has faced lawsuits, federal and state investigations, fines, and a grilling from Congress. The company ousted its CEO, John Stumpf, in October 2016. The number of customers opening new accounts at the bank plummeted. Workers alleged they were fired or retaliated against for speaking up about misbehavior.
Legal bills cost the company $3.3 billion last quarter, Wells Fargo said in January.
Related: I called the Wells Fargo ethics line and was fired
And the fake accounts aren't Wells Fargo's only problem.
Last July, the company admitted it forced auto insurance on as many as 570,000 borrowers who didn't need it. About 20,000 of those customers had their cars wrongfully repossessed in part due to these unwanted insurance charges.
In August, Wells Fargo was sued by small business owners who say the bank used deceptive language to dupe mom-and-pop businesses into paying "massive early termination fees."
The company was in the headlines again in October for charging about 110,000 mortgage borrowers undue fees.
The Justice Department fined the company in November for illegally repossessing cars from more than 860 service members. Federal law requires banks to get a court order before repossessing a car from members of the military.
--CNNMoney's Matt Egan contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON — Taking his turn in the batting cage and swinging a golf club, President Donald Trump joined a group of famous athletes for a field day with kids at the White House on Wednesday as he kicked off an effort to increase youth participation in sports.
“Work hard, get in the game, play to win and, most of all, have a good time,” the president told the youngsters. He later told them to “have a great life.”
His administration wants to reverse a trend of declining participating in athletic activity and to make youth sports more accessible to economically disadvantaged students.
At the event on the South Lawn, Trump also spotlighted members of the President's Council on Sports, Fitness, and Nutrition. The long-established group is headed by former New York Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera, retired beach volleyball Olympian Misty May-Treanor and ex-NFL running back Herschel Walker.
After addressing participants, Trump joined athletes at stations that included flag football, baseball, golf and track and field. He asked kids to name their favourite players and posed for photos.
“Any Tigers? Who's the next Tiger?” he asked the young golfers, referring to champion Tiger Woods.
Trump issued an executive order in February refocusing the council on youth sports as opposed to President Barack Obama's emphasis on fitness and healthy eating. Trump, who played high school sports and is a competitive golfer, has tried to work with public and private groups to address declining participation in youth sports.
Ivanka Trump, the president's daughter and senior adviser, told reporters in a conference call before the event that sports participation lags disproportionately among young girls and children who live in economically distressed areas. Many high schools have “pay to play” policies requiring students to pay a fee to join a school sports team, making it difficult for families to afford after-school sports.
“We must break down barriers to youth sports participation and empower each child to reach his or her full potential through sport and play,” Ivanka Trump said. She said that by the time girls reach age 14, they drop out of athletics at two times the rate of boys.
Other participants at the White House event included “The Incredible Hulk” actor Lou Ferrigno, who befriended Trump while appearing on “Celebrity Apprentice”; former New York Yankees baseball player Johnny Damon; and professional golfer Natalie Gulbis.
Trump particularly seemed to enjoy getting the chance to hit a golf ball on a work day. “I love golf,” he said earlier of his favourite sport.
The council was established in 1956 by President Dwight Eisenhower to promote youth fitness and sports. Each president has often placed his own stamp on the council and its priorities.
During Obama's presidency, first lady Michelle Obama launched the sports council in 2010 in conjunction with her “Let's Move!” initiative and took part in hula-hooping and jumping rope as ways to fight childhood obesity.
Trump's administration plans to create a national strategy to promote youth participation in sports and set the stage for a series of events that will culminate around the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Trump has bragged about his athletic abilities, telling The Wall Street Journal in a January interview: “I was always the best athlete. People don't know that.” Trump once owned the USFL's New Jersey Generals, led by Heisman Trophy-winner Walker, and he frequently plays golf with pros, members of Congress and world leaders at clubs he owns.
White House doctor said earlier this year that Trump acknowledged he'd be healthier if he lost a few pounds by exercising more and eating better. Dr. Ronny Jackson, who has since left that post, told reporters that he would arrange for a dietitian to consult with the White House chef to cut calories and recommend a low-impact, aerobic exercise program for Trump with the aim of shedding 10 pounds to 15 pounds this year.
——
Associated Press writer Jill Colvin contributed to this report.
—-
On Twitter follow Ken Thomas at https://twitter.com/KThomasDC
However, Capitec Bank has slammed the reports and said it was not true that the bank was being investigated. Charl Nel, the head of communications at Capitec Bank, said the bank had taken note of the blatant, misleading and untruthful commentary by the media. “We have no knowledge of the investigation that the media refers to and we are in close and regular contact with the Sarb and the NCR,” Nel said.
Capitec's share price declined to R850.90 a share in the morning, down from Monday's closing price of R888 a share. The share closed 3.94 percent lower at R853 on the JSE yesterday.
George Herman, a director and chief investment officer at Citadel, said if the claims were correct, it was great to see that regulators were not asleep at the wheel and were pro-actively engaging with issues affecting retail customer funds.
“One has to ask though: Where were they with VBS Bank?” Herman asked. Capitec was accused by Viceroy for reckless lending in its report published in January, leading to a 25 percent decline in its share price in one day. Viceroy said Capitec boosted its income by charging excessive fees on its multi-loan product. However, the bank has always maintained its stance that it does not roll over loans and is not involved in reckless lending. The National Treasury strongly defended the bank and said Capitec was solvent, well capitalised and has adequate liquidity. Kokkie Kooyman, a portfolio manager at Denker Capital, said there was not enough information to suggest that Capitec was being investigated.
“I can't verify the accuracy, but it would make sense that if the Sarb thought that fees charged by a bank were out of line that it would refer it to the National Credit Regulator,” Kooyman said. He added that he was not sure as to how the process worked or if the Sarb would automatically let the bank know or if that would come from the NCR when it decided to indeed investigate. “So I am not surprised that the bank is not aware at this stage,” Kooyman said. He said obviously Capitec and any other bank would not suck a bank charge out of its thumb and would have a basis for the rand amount of percentage of a fee charged.
“Bear in mind that Capitec has been taking market share and gaining clients daily from the large four banks because its fees are lower and more competitive, hence, I would be surprised if Capitec was found to be overcharging,” Kooyman said.
Nesan Nair, a senior portfolio manager at Sasfin Securities, said: “I think it is good for the NCR to look into this – one way or the other we will receive confirmation as to whether there were transgressions.” Nair added that this was one of the issues that Viceroy had raised and depending on what the outcome of the investigation was, “we will at least know whether there was any truth to the Viceroy allegations”, he said. Capitec received a major boost yesterday when S&P Global ratings said that it had raised the national scale longterm credit ratings of Capitec Bank, the wholly owned subsidiary of Capitec, to zaAA from zaAA-.
“This change was affected by S&P after the revision of its criteria on national scale ratings and subsequent recalibration of the mapping table for South Africa,” S&P said.
- BUSINESS REPORT
DURBAN - Capitec Bank's share price slipped by more than 4 percent on the JSE after media reports that the SA Reserve Bank (Sarb) has written to the National Credit Regulator (NCR) requesting a probe into loan origination fees charged by the bank.
Around 2:30 p.m. Thursday afternoon, Palisades Patrol reports that city workers backed into a fire hydrant on Palisades Drive just south of Via Santa Ynez, which backed up traffic. No injuries were reported.
Related
1:59 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline Pause
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold his house, here's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
–
New Delhi (Sputnik)The ships — Mumbai, Trishul, Tarkash and Aditya — will remain at the Greek coast for three days to strengthen existing ties between India and Greece. The indigenously designed destroyer Mumbai and the frigates Trishul and Tarkash are equipped with state-of-the-art weapons and sensors.
“In recent past, Indian Navy has been involved in assisting countries in the Indian Ocean Region with Hydrographic Survey, Search and Rescue, EEZ Surveillance and other such capacity-building and capability enhancement activities. The current deployment in the Mediterranean Sea will contribute towards the Indian Navy's efforts to consolidate interoperability and forge strong bonds of friendship across the seas,” read an Indian Navy statement.
During their deployment in the Mediterranean, the Indian warships will engage with the Hellenic Navy.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
There's no shortage of wit in Jason Biggs and Jenny Mollen‘s household.
The couple — who recently announced in a very creative social-media post that they are expecting baby No. 2 — were on hand to lend their voices and talent to a Milk+Bookies event at The Grove in Los Angeles, by reading the story Ten Things I Love About You by Daniel Kirk to a group of children and their parents.
“We've supported Milk+Bookies, I feel like, since its inception,” actress and author Mollen told PEOPLE at the Saturday event, titled Golden Ticket To Imagine With Milk+Bookies.
Milk+Bookies is a charitable organization that works in L.A. and across the country to bring much-needed books to the school and home libraries of under-served children. They believe every child deserves the chance at a good education, and that that all begins with a book. In the process, they expose young kids to the joys of giving back, in the hopes of making the world a better place.
“It's just a charity that means a lot to us,” explains Mollen, 37. “I love the idea of teaching kids philanthropy, and getting them not only to be active parts of the community, but also to share, which is something we're working on with our son at the moment.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
RELATED VIDEO: Baby No. 2 on the Way for Jason Biggs and Jenny Mollen – See Their Hilarious Announcement
When asked how their son Sid, 3, is doing with his sharing, the parents had semi-conflicting answers. “Not good,” Mollen replies, while Biggs is quick to jump in and add, “But not bad.”
“He's great with his sibling because the sibling is still within me,” Mollen explains. Biggs, 38, seconds his wife with, “[The baby is] mot trying to take anything from him yet. Except a little bit of … attention.”
As for Sid's new sibling, for the moment, Biggs and Mollen are keeping their second child‘s gender a surprise.
“I don't know. We kind of want to [know]. We're not sure. We want to,” Mollen shares. “They can run all these tests, but my doctor, when he called me, he was like, ‘So if you want to know the gender … ‘ and I was like, ‘Maybe now I don't.' I thought he would just throw it on me.”
RELATED VIDEO: Why Is Jason Biggs Obsessed With Thomas the Tank Engine?
Mollen, who's “due early October,” is “finally feeling a little bit better” but is “still nauseous” and having cravings — though only for savory foods. “I've been eating a lot of pickles, olives, the typical stuff,” she says. “With [Sid], all I wanted was vinegar. Just anything with vinegar on it. This time, it's a little different.”
Regardless of the nature of her cravings, Mollen is grateful to have a partner as supportive as Orange Is The New Black‘s Biggs. “He's my wife, even when I'm not pregnant,” she jokes. “He's fantastic. Thank God. I wouldn't have had another kid if I weren't married to Jason. I probably wouldn't have had one kid. It's just, like, a lot.”
For more information visit milkandbookies.org.
Kylie Jenner wants "more privacy" now she is pregnant.
The 20-year-old television personality, who is reportedly expecting a baby girl with her boyfriend Travis Scott, prefers to stay indoors and have her friends and family come to visit her in the comfort of her own home because she wants to stay out of the public eye during her pregnancy.
Speaking about the 'Life Of Kylie' star to PEOPLE, a source said: "Kylie prefers to stay home. She feels good, but her body is changing. She doesn't want to be photographed. At the moment, she wants more privacy. She has family and friends come to her house instead so she has company."
Although the Kylie Cosmetics founder - who is the youngest of the Kardashian/Jenner brood - wants to keep a low profile in the upcoming weeks, she is believed to be "very excited" about motherhood as she talks about her baby "nonstop" and is shopping like "crazy" for her first child.
The insider continued: "She is very excited about the baby though. "She talks about the baby nonstop. She is already shopping like crazy."
The beauty mogul is not the only member of the family who is starting a family, as Kylie's older half sister Khloe Kardashian, 33, is pregnant with her and Tristan Thompson's child, whilst Kim Kardashian West is having a third child via a surrogate.
Although three of the siblings are pregnant, there is reportedly "no jealousy" between any of them, as they all hope as the babies grow up they will have more of a sibling bond.
A separate source previously said: "Kim is really into the idea of a bunch of babies being born around the same time. She thinks they'll be more like sisters than cousins. Everyone in the family is just thrilled about the whole thing."
The State Newspaper's "20 Under 40 Class of 2017" were recognized at the Capital City Club in March. Rob Thompson rthompson@thestate.com
MANCHESTER, England The English Football League is launching a streaming broadcast service targeted at overseas fans of Championship and lower league clubs.
International fans of English clubs outside the Premier League will from next season be able to subscribe to a service which will stream all games not distributed to overseas television broadcasters.
The service, called "iFollow", will provide coverage of up to 46 live games per club and in total more than 1,500 matches will be available in HD quality.
EFL Chief Executive Shaun Harvey said the service represented a potentially significant new revenue stream for clubs and would enable enhanced engagement with existing fans now living abroad.
"iFollow will also present the EFL with an important opportunity to stimulate the interest of new groups of supporters who follow our clubs overseas, which in turn will help support the growth of our competitions on the international stage," Harvey said.
The EFL estimates that around 270,000 fans of its clubs are based overseas, primarily in the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
(Reporting by Simon Evans, editing by Ed Osmond)
Fire experts were trying to determine the cause of a blaze in Limassol on Tuesday that destroyed the basement warehouse of a shop selling electrical appliances and furniture on Makarios Avenue.
No one was hurt during the fire.
The fire service, located nearby, responded immediately but due to the location, it took some time to put the blaze under control.
Firefighters had to use breathing apparatus while ventilators were deployed to remove the smoke from the basement.
The basement was used as a warehouse for electrical appliances and furniture. Firefighters managed to contain the blaze but some damage was caused to the ground and first floors, mainly from the heat and smoke.
Investigators are now focusing on the task of determining the cause of the fire that destroyed the basement and its contents.
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- China, Russia, Malaysia and other nations are failing to curb sanctioned financial dealings and trade conducted by North Korea in their countries, according to a U.N. report.
A U.N. panel of experts on North Korea said these nations and others are failing to stop the Kim Jong-un regime's efforts to fund its nuclear and missile programs, according to a report reviewed by The Wall Street Journal. CNN received key sections of the report.
Their draft report was distributed late this week to a U.N. committee overseeing North Korea sanctions compliance. It then goes to the Security Council.
In violation of U.N. sanctions, North Korean exported roughly $200 million in coal and other commoditie last year, the panel said. Much of the regime's coal and fuel shipments passed through Chinese, Malaysian, Vietnamese or Russian ports.
More than 30 representatives of North Korean financial institutions are operating in foreign nations, including Russian and China, the investigators said.
North Korea "is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries and the international banking system," the document stated.
Several dozen times over the past decade, the report said, North Korean weapons have been shipped to Syria to develop a chemical-weapons program.
Syria told the panel no North Korea technical companies are operating in the country, and the only North Koreans there are involved in sports.
A member country also reported that Myanmar is buying a ballistic-missile system and conventional weapons from North Korea, including rocket launchers and surface-to-air missiles, according to the report.
Chinese, Russian, Malaysian and Burmese embassies in Washington didn't respond to a request for comment by The Wall Street Journal.
Last year, the U.N. Security Council passed stronger sanctions against North Korea after several weapons tests, including nuclear ones.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said violations of maritime operations involving North Korea are a problem.
"We must put an end to illicit ship-to-ship transfers that undermine UN sanctions," he said.
March 29 WEST INTERNATIONAL AB (PUBL)
* HAS RECEIVED FURTHER ORDERS FOR PROGRAMMABLE KEYBOARDS EQUIPPED WITH CARD READER AND ENCRYPTION SOFTWARE
* ORDER VALUE FROM ABSA BANK AMOUNTS TO SEK 2.5 MILLION
* DELIVERIES TO SOUTH AFRICA ARE EXPECTED TO BE IMPLEMENTED DURING Q2 AND Q3 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
CINCINNATI--Research from the University of Cincinnati (UC) reveals a potential new target to help T cells (white blood cells) infiltrate certain solid tumors.
This study, being published in the April 24 advance online edition of the journal Science Signaling, showed that by targeting a certain potassium channel--KCa3.1--the CD8+ T cell migration in patient samples was restored, meaning that they could potentially be more effective in moving in on the tumor and attacking it. CD8+ cells are a type of T cell capable of killing cancer cells.
"Reduced potassium channel activity curbs T cell movement within the tumor," says Laura Conforti, PhD, professor in the Department of Internal Medicine at the UC College of Medicine, a researcher within the Cincinnati Cancer Center and UC Cancer Institute and corresponding author on the study. "T cell infiltration in solid tumors is limited by multiple factors found within the tumor's microenvironment, including adenosine, an immunosuppressive substance accumulating in high amounts in solid tumors."
Conforti and her team, led by Ameet Chimote, PhD, a research associate in the Department of Internal Medicine, analyzed the migration of CD8+ T cells in a 3-D experimental model system that allows the reproduction of some features of the tumor microenvironment and found that when adenosine was present, it inhibited the movement of T cells from cancer patients more than T cells from healthy donors.
"The increased sensitivity of patient CD8+ T cells to adenosine correlated with reduced KCa3.1 channel activity, but not with adenosine receptor expression or signaling," she says. "Treatment with a substance that restores the KCa3.1 channel activity corrects patient CD8+ T cell migration in the presence of adenosine, suggesting that potassium channel activators may help enhance T cell infiltration of adenosine-rich solid tumors, providing another therapy option.
"This finding could lead to the development of new therapeutic agents to use in combination with approved immunomodulators for the treatment of solid tumors, as they may improve their efficacy."
###
This research was supported by the National Institutes of Health (R01CA95286). Researchers cite no conflict of interest.
ATCHISON COUNTY — A motorist driving on four flat tires led police on a two-hour pursuit in parts of Kansas and Missouri before his arrest.
The chase began early Thursday in northeast Kansas' Atchison County when officers attempted to stop a pickup truck driven by 34-year-old Shane Gage on a warrant with several felony violations.
Police say Gage later drove into neighboring Missouri, through St. Joseph and toward Savannah. St. Joseph police laid a spike strip that blew out all four tires of the suspect's vehicle.
Police say the pursuit ended in Savannah, Missouri, where the vehicle veered into a ditch. Officers found drugs and three loaded weapons in the vehicle.
Gage was taken to a hospital because officers believe he ingested several grams of methamphetamine prior to the arrest. Police say Gage will be jailed after his hospital evaluation. He has previous convictions for Aggravated Battery and Involuntary Manslaughter, according to the Kansas Department of Corrections.
The AP contributed to this report.
NEW YORK (AP) — She's once, twice, three times a Sports Illustrated swimsuit cover lady.
Kate Upton is once again gracing the cover of the annual issue, becoming only the fourth woman to do so three times. This year, she's making the splash with three different covers.
Other women who did the cover three times include Tyra Banks, Heidi Klum and Christie Brinkley, who also is featured in this year's edition with her two daughters. Elle Macpherson holds the record with five cover appearances.
Other notables in this year's edition include former cover girl Chrissy Teigen, an expectant mother and athletes including tennis champ Serena Williams and Olympic gold medal gymnast Simone Biles.
—
Online:
http://www.si.com/swimsuit/
Comments
comments
Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account?
Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration.
What could be better than hearing one of the world's greatest musicians in a Beethoven piano concerto? Hearing him play two Beethoven piano concertos, as Yefim Bronfman is doing this weekend with the Utah Symphony and conductor Thierry Fischer.
Bronfman achieves a oneness with the piano that is virtually unrivaled, projecting every note — from a delicate pianissimo to a thunderous fortissimo — with uncanny clarity and beauty of line. Under Fischer's direction, the orchestra matched Bronfman's finesse in Beethoven's Piano Concertos Nos. 3 and 4, holding Friday's crowd at rapt attention.
Alban Berg's extraordinary Three Pieces for Orchestra — imagine looking at Mahler in a cracked mirror — completed the program.
Get twice-weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two schools in the UK have started trialling the use of body-worn cameras by teachers in a bid to tackle unruly behaviour in the classroom.
The cameras are already used by the police, frontline council workers and in a number of schools in the US, with the footage, in many cases, being used as evidence in matters of dispute.
It is hoped that by teachers wearing the devices in the classroom, the technology will act as a deterrent to disruptive pupils. Any classroom skirmishes or disorder can also be captured by the devices, with the film being used as evidence to discipline students and to show to parents.
Recently Master A came home in tears, saying that one of his teachers was being “mean” to him. He can be a little overdramatic at times so, like the caring mother I can be, I pushed it aside.
However, the subject arose again when I was ferrying Master A and a couple of his school chums to a football game. The boys were all chatting about the teachers they like and dislike.
Master A once again moaned about the “mean” teacher. His friends agreed that this particular teacher “picked on” Master A. One example they gave was everyone else could be talking but, as soon as Master A joined in, the teacher would single him out and shout at him.
For his birthday Master A received a child's Spy Net Ultra Vision Watch – an oversized timepiece that can record video and sound.
My solution to Master A's teacher problem. Either don't talk in the class or wear your Spy Watch and film one of this teacher's outbursts.
If teachers have the right to start filming pupil behaviour in the classroom, then so too should children. It works both ways, with both parties needing to be protected.
I'd even take it a step further. Let's live stream lessons so that parents can tune in to see how their children are behaving and, more importantly, monitor the standard of the teaching.
Somehow, I can't see this catching on with the teachers' unions.
London and Brussels struck an initial agreement, detailing post-Brexit arrangements on key issues, on Friday. The Irish government has warned UK Brexit Secretary David Davis that the deal is "politically bulletproof."
UK Brexit Secretary David Davis sparked reaction from the Irish government, after he said the recently struck divorce agreement between London and Brussels was a "statement of intent" rather than "legally enforceable."
Davis told the BBC on Sunday that the agreement published on Friday might not be enacted if there was no free trade deal between the two sides, challenging progress on the Irish border issue.
Ireland responded that the deal was "binding" and it would hold Britain accountable.
"Both Ireland and the EU will be holding the UK to the phase one agreement," the Irish government warned in a statement, as cited by The Guardian.
Prime Minister Leo Varadkar stressed that the deal was "politically bulletproof" and "cast iron."
"We will as a government, a sovereign government in Ireland, be holding the United Kingdom to account, as will the European Union. … This, as far as we're concerned, is a binding agreement, an agreement in principle," the Irish government's chief whip, Joe McHugh told the RTE broadcaster, adding that Davis' comments were "bizarre."
On Friday, the UK and the EU hammered out a last-minute deal on the key issues of Brexit after nearly six months of negotiations.
READ MORE: UK Presents EU With Non-Binding Post-Brexit Trade Deal
In particular, the deal envisages no "hard border" between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. EU citizens in the UK, and UK citizens in the EU, will also see their rights protected.
© AP Photo/ Virginia Mayo Will Luck of the Irish Come Back to Haunt UK PM After Brexit Deal?
Under the agreement, Britain will also pay Brussels a settlement bill of between £35-39 billion ($47-52 billion) for leaving the 28-nation bloc in March 2019.
The deal is likely to result in allowing the talks to move on to a future trade deal.
The Brexit talks between London and Brussels kicked off on June 19. Negotiations between the UK and EU about the transition period will start in January, whilst the trade deal discussions will commence in February or March.
In a referendum on June 23, 2016, about 51.9 percent of British voters said "yes" to their country leaving the EU.
WILLIAN INSISTS HE is not letting speculation over a potential move to Barcelona distract him from Brazil's World Cup campaign.
The 29-year-old will be hoping to make a fifth consecutive start at Russia 2018 on Friday when the Selecao take on Belgium in a mouth-watering quarter-final in Kazan.
The Chelsea man has been linked with a move away from Stamford Bridge in recent weeks, with Manchester United and Barcelona mooted as destinations.
When asked about joining his fellow Brazilians Philippe Coutinho and Paulinho at Camp Nou, Willian said: “Well, they are excellent players with a lot of quality. In addition to great players, they are very good friends.
People speculate a lot. We see a lot of things on the internet, but this is not the time to talk about this. I've not received any information about that. I'm trying to focus on my performance, playing for Brazil.”
While Neymar has been dominating the headlines throughout the tournament, it is arguably Coutinho who has been Brazil's star man.
And Willian had praise for the forward, saying:
“Coutinho has been playing a wonderful World Cup, and he helps us a lot. I hope that he will continue playing even better.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Long-term treatment with selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERMs) improves muscle, respiratory, and skeletal function without weakening bone in new mouse studies, according to a new report in The American Journal of Pathology
Philadelphia, March 20, 2018 - Steroids are currently the only available treatment to reduce the repetitive cycles of inflammation and disease progression associated with functional deterioration in patients with muscular dystrophy (MD). A study reported in the American Journal of Pathology showed that a new treatment approach using the selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERMs) tamoxifen and raloxifene significantly improved cardiac, respiratory, and skeletal muscle functions and increased bone density in both male and female mice with the same gene defects as a subset of patients with MD.
"Our results show that there are two important advantages of tamoxifen and raloxifene treatment over steroids, which have limited benefits for patients with MD. First, the SERMs improve both histology and function of all muscles; although steroids improve histology, they improve function to a much lesser extent. Second, SERMs enhance bone density, whereas steroids exacerbate osteoporosis and increase the risk for fractures," explained Qi Long Lu, MD, PhD, director of the McColl-Lockwood Laboratory for Muscular Dystrophy Research, Neuromuscular/ALS Center, Department of Neurology, Atrium Health's (formerly Carolinas HealthCare System's) Carolinas Medical Center, Charlotte (NC).
The mice used in this study have the identical gene defects and show almost the same disease manifestation as patients with MD and are therefore an excellent model for therapeutic evaluation. Investigators administered tamoxifen (2, 10, or 50 mg/kg), raloxifene (50 or 100 mg/kg), or saline to mutant mice with dystroglycanopathy, a form of MD, for up to a year, beginning at three weeks of age.
The investigators found several indicators that tamoxifen and raloxifene delay or even halt disease progression. Within one month, treatment with either SERM reduced muscle pathology with significant reduction in the numbers of degenerating fibers. After a year, control mice showed high variation in fiber size with focal inflammatory infiltrations, but these dystrophic changes were much less evident after tamoxifen or raloxifene. A noticeable reduction in collagen accumulation in limb muscles for all treatment groups vs controls was observed. Importantly, treatment with SERMs clearly mitigates muscle damage and enhances functions of both respiratory and cardiac muscles in addition to the limb muscles.
Other benefits were also observed. Control mice showed progressive muscle degeneration and regeneration in the diaphragm, accompanied by increasing fibrosis and infiltration, as well as significant impairment in respiration. Both tamoxifen and raloxifene eliminated focal infiltration and reduced the extent of fibrosis in the diaphragm, increased mass, and improved breathing ability. "Both treatments also improved bone density in the tibia and femur, potentially reducing the risk of fracture, a major threat to patients as MD progresses," added co-author Bo Wu, PhD, a research scientist at the McColl-Lockwood Laboratory for Muscular Dystrophy Research, Neuromuscular/ALS Center, Department of Neurology, Atrium Health's (formerly Carolinas HealthCare System's) Carolinas Medical Center, Charlotte (NC).
These histological changes were accompanied by functional improvements. For example, SERM treatment improved grip strength of both forelimb and hindlimb muscles and enhanced running ability on a treadmill test depending on the dose.
Sex-related differences in the effects of tamoxifen and raloxifene warrant careful consideration if the drugs are to be administered clinically for MD, noted the investigators. This is not surprising since SERMs act on estrogen receptors and interact both as estrogen-receptor agonists and antagonists.
"SERM therapy has great potential to significantly delay or halt MD progression. With the vast amount of safety data available, the selective use of tamoxifen and raloxifene in male and female patients with MD are an attractive and realistic alternative to steroids," noted Dr. Lu. This together with the detailed analyses of potential side effects and benefits in male and female populations provide rationale for early clinical trials. Importantly, the beneficial effects of SERMs are expected to extend to other forms of MD, beyond the specific mouse model investigated here.
###
The sole practice session for the 24 Hours of Le Mans was fairly simple running for the four hours it lasted. Most of the teams got through the session without incident, setting up and preparing the cars ahead of the first of three qualifying sessions later on this evening. With the much hotter temperatures this weekend, the test that occurred at the beginning of the month may be less of a guideline for the teams as they prepare for the most important endurance race in the world.
Porsche Steal Fastest Lap
In the closing stages of the practice session, Neel Jani put the Championship-defending Porsche fastest with a lap time over half a second faster than the quickest Toyota Gazoo Racing. Toyota had, like they did in the test a fortnight ago, been commanding the pace of the session. But it was clear from the beginning of the four hours that Porsche had made gains on the advantage Toyota presented.
Kamui Kobayashi did not head out on track until the last hour of the session, going out with the sole intention of completing a qualifying simulation. On his first lap, he shot to the top of the timing board with a 3:20.996, seven-tenths clear of any of the other LMP1 cars.
With a slow zone on the track in the last twenty minutes of the session, it did not look like anyone else was going to try another fast lap. But Jani set off in the #1 Porsche as soon as the track was back to being completely green and set an incredible time of 3:20.362, a comfortable 0.604 seconds faster than the ‘qualifying' lap set by Kobayashi.
In trying to better Jani's time, Kobayashi pushed too hard on the exit of Ford Chicane and ended up spinning the car around, ruining any lap gains he had made. Any further improvement was thawed when a second car went off at Mulsanne corner and brought out another slow zone. There could be more to come from the Toyota team but if there is it will have to be discovered during the first qualifying session this evening.
Nicolas Lapierre controlled the pace for most of the session, taking an initial fastest lap of a 3:22.049 that none of the other LMP1 cars seemed to be able to get close to. As the session went on and the track rubbered in the lap times did, however, start picking up. Each of the LMP1 cars set around 50 laps over the course of the four hours, with Porsche #2 setting the most laps, 56 laps. The #2 Porsche had lost track time from an engine change during the test and they were aiming to make up for that during this afternoon's practice session.
#4 ByKolles Racing had a troubled session. The team set a lap time that was over six seconds off the pace of the LMP1-Hybrids, but over five seconds faster than the LMP2 cars, so a lap time respective to where it is expected to be within the field. However, an early fluid leak saw the team only complete 27 laps before the Enso CLM P1/01-Nismo was parked up in the garage for the final two hours, undergoing an engine change. The team believes that they can get the car out in time for the first qualifying session later today.
G-Drive Racing Best of LMP2
The Vaillante Rebellion #13 held the fastest lap of the LMP2 cars for the first half of the session. In the final hour of the session, Alex Lynn knocked the #13 off the top spot and took the #26 G-Drive Racing to the top of the class. The Brit's 3:30.363 was enough to go 1.3 seconds faster than the pace-setting Rebellion. The second Rebellion was third fastest, giving the team a two-three when the chequered flag came out.
The Jackie Chan DC Racing duo had been dictating the pace in the middle of the session, but the Rebellion and the G-Drive were too fast for them to keep up. Ho-Pin Tung finished fourth in the #38, 1.662 seconds off Lynn's class-topping time. The second Jackie Chan DC Racing car was fifth, three-tenths off the time set by Tung.
Just as occurred in the Le Mans test a fortnight ago, the ORECA-running teams ran more competitively that teams running any of the other three chassis. The top nine was locked out by ORECA 07-Gibson teams, with the best non-ORECA car finishing tenth, courtesy of Victor Shaytar in the #27 SMP Racing Dallara P217-Gibson. Even so, Shaytar's time was over four seconds slower than the fastest lap in class.
The only Riley Mk30 was slowest in the hands of the Keating Motorsports team. Whereas the LMP2 class has been close due to all the teams running the same chassis, Le Mans may reveal that the ORECA 07 chassis was the best choice for the World Endurance Championship field.
In the last half hour of the session, the #47 Cetilar Villorba Corse brought out a slow zone at Mulsanne Corner by taking too much speed into the corner and ending up stuck in the gravel trap. The track marshals helped push the #47 out of the gravel and it limped back to the pits, where it ended the session.
Bird Unbeatable in LM GTE Pro
As seemed to be the case in taking fastest laps of the session, Sam Bird‘s fastest lap for the #71 AF Corse came in the latter stages of free practice. The fight had been between Aston Martin and Chevrolet throughout the four hours as they traded fastest laps with Aston Martin coming out just ahead. However, a late dash from Bird saw him place the Ferrari 488 GTE faster than the rest of the LM GTE Pro field by just under half a second.
The session looked to belong to Aston Martin as they controlled the pace throughout the four hours. Corvette Racing started the session quietly but soon brought a challenge to Aston Martin's dominance at the top of the timing board. A 3:56.004 saw Jan Magnussen place the #63 fastest as the third hour came to a close. A rear-left puncture on the #95 in the hands of Richie Stanaway put a halt on any attempts they had of getting back to the top of the timing sheet but Darren Turner was determined to get the Aston Martins back at the top.
With just half an hour remaining of the session remaining, Bird made Turner's hard work look like a lot of effort for nothing as he went just under half a second faster with a 3:54.832. When the #60 Clearwater Racing repeated the incident that the #47 had at Mulsanne Corner a second slow zone was brought out that was not removed before the session finished, meaning that no one had a clean lap to challenge the Ferrari.
James Calado pushed hard in the closing stages to try and match the pace of Bird but was unable to go any faster than 3:55.504. The time was quick enough to end the session third fastest in class.
This followed news that Lucas di Grassi would not be participating in the 24 Hours of Le Mans following a broken fibula he suffered playing a charity football match. He has been deemed unfit to take part in the event after failing to get himself out of the car without assistance in the seven seconds required as part of the safety protocols of the WEC. Michele Rugolo will step into di Grassi's seat, alongside Calado and Alessandro Pier Guidi in the #51 AF Corse.
Aston Martin Leads LM GTE Am
The factory-entered Aston Martin started and ended the session setting the pace. Mathias Lauda got out early and held the pace for most of the first hour until the #50 Larbre Competition took over at the top. Fernando Rees came out and set a 3:58.234 that no one else seemed to be able to beat.
However, the #50 had a moment through the Porsche Curves just into the second hour of the session and caused damage to the tyre barrier. This brought out the Safety Car for barrier repairs. As well as repairing the barrier, the Safety Car took to the track to complete a rehearsal of the Safety Car procedure so that all those, who have raced Le Mans before or not, could experience how a Safety Car period works.
After first-time Le Mans racer Christian Philippon touched the tyre barrier, it did not look like a lot of external damage to the #50 Larbre Corvette, however, the team either did extensive checks internally or found an issue in the car internally as the #50 was sat in the pits for just over an hour.
This delay in their running allowed the other LM GTE Am cars to push for the fastest lap of the session. It took most of the session for any of the LM GTE Am cars to be able to challenge the #50 Larbre Competition time, but first to demote them was the #60 Clearwater Racing team.
The Clearwater Ferrari was leading the session, even after suffering a left-rear puncture at the end of the third hour. Just after the final hour had started, Pedro Lamy set a new fastest lap of 3:58.234 which allowed him to end the session on top of the class with the #98 Aston Martin.
A Bloomingdale-area family got the shock of their life early Sunday morning. The Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office reports a man driving a pickup truck crashed through their brick wall and landed in their pool.
Scroll for more content...
It happened around 2:30 a.m. near Erindale Drive and Culbreth Road.
Detectives say the driver is Andre Gilbert Mitchell. He stayed at the scene until deputies arrived and say say he had minor injuries.
The family talked to ABC Action News off camera. They told us Mitchell apologized to them for the damage.
Deputies arrested Mitchell on several charges including DUI and took him to the Hillsborough County Jail.
"The size of the damage shocked me," Angela Tyre said. "But the fact that it happened didn't shock me."
Tyre lives a few blocks from where the crash occurred. She and other neighbors say similar crashes occurred at least two other times in the area.
"Cars are going fast down Erindale, and don't see the stop sign until they get right up on it," she said.
ABC Action News found out that the homeowners association is responsible for the brick wall and the Bloomingdale sign. The family is responsible for their pool and yard.
Since investigators determined that Mitchell caused the crash, the hope is his insurance company will pay to fix the damage.
TOKYO, March 28 Tokyo Electric Power Company Holdings (Tepco) and Chubu Electric Power Co said on Tuesday they had signed an agreement to integrate their fossil fuel power plants under their JERA Co joint venture.
The biggest and third-biggest of Japan's regional power utilities aim to combine the businesses in April-September 2019, overseeing nearly half the country's domestic power generation capacity.
The two firms in 2015 created JERA, which now handles all the parents' upstream energy and fuel procurement business and is the world's biggest liquefied natural gas (LNG) buyer with annual purchase of around 40 million tonnes.
($1 = 110.6700 yen) (Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori)
Amazon pushes further into the gaming business, launching its GameOn service for developers. Yahoo Finance‘s Seana Smith, Andy Serwer, Myles Udland and Dan Howley discuss.
Foxborough, MA -
The New England Patriots have released former Bronco and Marsing native Shea McClellin who failed his physical according to Field Yates of ESPN.
McClellin did not play all of last season due to concussions. He was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the first round back in 2012.
McClellin has played 66 games with 35 starts and has 200 career tackles. He also won his first super bowl against the Atlanta Falcons two years ago.
Angela Couloumbis covers state government in Harrisburg. She has been a reporter at the Inquirersince 1996, covering city government, courts and neighborhoods in Philadelphia and Camden, and the governors and governments of New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
Scott Wagner speaks to supporters in York, Pa., after winning this month's Republican primary for governor.
HARRISBURG — Republican gubernatorial nominee Scott Wagner will resign his seat in the state Senate next week to focus on his attempt to take Gov. Wolf's job.
Wagner, a millionaire businessman and owner of a York-based trash-hauling company, submitted his resignation letter late Wednesday to Senate President Joe Scarnati (R., Jefferson). In it, he wrote that his last day in the Senate will be Monday, according to a copy of the letter obtained by the Inquirer, Daily News, and Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
Wagner could not be reached for comment. But in a statement, campaign spokesman Andrew Romeo said: “Scott realizes that the way he can bring about the most change and do the most good for the commonwealth is to devote all his time and energy toward getting elected governor and giving Pennsylvanians a different choice.”
Wagner will give a farewell speech on the Senate floor when the chamber resumes its work Monday, Romeo said.
Wagner, a self-described Capitol outsider and fiscal conservative who often draws comparisons to President Trump, beat out two challengers in this month's primary to take on Wolf, a Democrat, in the November election.
Since announcing his candidacy in 2016, Wagner has tried to paint Wolf as a tax-and-spend liberal who lacks the leadership skills required to get important work accomplished in the Capitol.
Wolf's campaign supporters have countered with attacks on Wagner's policies and his temperament, calling him a bully with no experience in governing. Wolf, they say, has been able to work with the Republican-dominated legislature to push through major initiatives, including more money for public schools, breaking the state-run monopoly on the sale of wine, and legalizing medical marijuana.
Political observers say the Wolf-Wagner matchup will be bruising and expensive. Both men are wealthy and have the ability use their own money to finance their campaigns.
Wagner's sometimes brash style (he once threatened to carry a baseball bat to ensure his Republican colleagues voted in line with him) combined with his access to campaign money has made him a rising — if unlikely — force in state Republican circles.
He became a senator through a write-in campaign, winning a March 2014 special election without the support of major state GOP players. That November, he was elected to serve a full four-year term.
The establishment was quick to take notice. Shortly after his election, he was given the plum job of running the state Senate Republican Campaign Committee for the 2015-16 cycle, a position that gave him a prominent seat at the table in choosing candidates and propping up their campaigns with cash.
While he was at the helm of the SRCC, the Republican Party grew its already solid majority in the Senate to 34 seats in the 50-member chamber — the largest majority since 1949-50.
Wagner advocates smaller government and limiting spending, and has said that public-sector unions have too much influence in Harrisburg. At the same time, he has struck more moderate stances on some fiscal and social issues, proposing raising the minimum wage and supporting antidiscrimination protections for LGBT residents.
The lieutenant governor, who presides over the state Senate, can call a special election to fill Wagner's seat until the November election. It could not be immediately learned whether Lt. Gov. Mike Stack, a Democrat, intends to do so.
[ By STEVE CARPENTER ]
[ HCC SPORTS INFORMATION ]
Photo courtesy of HCC Sports Information
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — Leading the Hutchinson Community College men's basketball team to its first national championship in 23 years, head coach Steve Eck was named the NJCAA Spalding Division I Men's Basketball Coach of the Year on Monday.
Eck guided the 2016-17 Blue Dragons to the 2017 NJCAA men's basketball national championship on March 26 after the Blue Dragons defeated Eastern Florida State 84-58 in front of a jam-packed Sports Arena.
The national championship was a culmination of a 35-2 season, in which the Blue Dragons won its second-straight Jayhawk Conference championship.
Completing his ninth season at Hutchinson, Eck is 231-46 with the Blue Dragons. That tenure includes 67-7 over the past two seasons, both of which reached the NJCAA Tournament championship game. Eck is now No. 2 in all-time coaching victories at Hutchinson.
In 2016, the Blue Dragons lost to Salt Lake in the national championship game. He is 553-96 in 19 seasons as a head coach at Butler, Redlands, Cowley and Hutchinson.
Eck has guided the Blue Dragons to the national tournament four times – 2013, 2015, 2016, 2017 – two Region VI Tournament championships and two Jayhawk Conference championships.
With Samajae Haynes-Jones finishing his career in ninth place on the career scoring list, Eck's players now own four spots in the Top 10 – Kadeem Allen, 3rd; Bashir Ahmed, 6th; Haynes-Jones, 9th; and Joe Mitchell 10th – and seven players in the Blue Dragon Top 25 career scorers.
Eck now has an NJCAA Division II national championship and Division I national runner-up with Redlands and a national runner-up and national championship with the Blue Dragons.
BRIEF-System1 says current role of COO being split into specialist leadership roles
* As part of preparations to become larger marketing services company, current role of COO is being split into specialist leadership roles
(Updates with share selloff, shareholder and analyst comments)
By Swetha Gopinath and Rod Nickel
April 28 Cameco Corp , the world's second-biggest uranium producer, posted a bigger-than-expected quarterly loss, partly hurt by the termination of a key sales contract, driving shares to a nearly five-month low.
The stock fell more than 9 percent in Toronto trading to C$12.92, even though Cameco maintained its full-year guidance for deliveries and revenue.
Tokyo Electric Power (Tepco), the operator of Japan's wrecked Fukushima nuclear plant, scrapped its uranium supply contract with Cameco, the company said in February.
The Canadian company said its loss was also related to weak uranium prices amid a prolonged glut, tracing back to the 2011 tsunami in Japan which shut all of that country's nuclear reactors. A few have since restarted.
"We're managing through the uncertainty, but even low-cost operations like ours, face pressure," Chief Executive Tim Gitzel said in a statement.
Spot prices of uranium, used to fuel nuclear reactors, dipped to a 13-year low late last year and have rebounded modestly in 2017.
"While the market will view the earnings miss as a negative, we point out that Cameco maintained its guidance across the board," said Rob Chang, analyst at Cantor Fitzgerald.
Its sales have historically been weighted to the last two quarters, when it is likely to get a higher price, he said.
The selloff looked like "nervous money" getting out of the stock, as the slumping uranium sector is slowly recovering, said Brian Madden, portfolio manager at Goodreid Investment Counsel, which owns the stock.
The industry continues to be oversupplied, but less so than previously, Madden said. The biggest global producer Kazatomprom said in January it would cut uranium output by 10 percent.
Cameco said severance costs and a strengthening Canadian dollar also weighed on its first-quarter results.
The net loss was C$18 million ($13 million), or 5 Canadian cents per share, in the first quarter, compared with a profit of C$78 million, or 20 Canadian cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, the company lost 7 Canadian cents per share, bigger than the average analyst estimate of 1 Canadian cent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Revenue at the Saskatoon, Saskatchewan-based company fell nearly 4 percent to C$393 million, with declines stemmed by high revenue from its Nukem unit, which is a nuclear fuel broker.
Analysts had expected revenue of C$372.345 million. ($1 = C$1.36) (Additional reporting by Muvija M in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel and Bernadette Baum)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ROXANA, Ill. - Some parents are complaining about a pair of math questions written by an Illinois high school teacher on a classroom whiteboard.
The parents said the questions were not only in bad taste but gave the impression the teacher was making light of drug use, according to KTVI.
On Thursday, the Roxana School District superintendent confirmed these questions appeared during a freshman math class.
The first question: "You take 600mg of cocaine, your body filters out 40% per hour, how high are you in three hours?"
The second question: "Unfortunately, you can't pay your dealer, so she sets up a payment. You owe her $1,000 at 25% daily, how much do you owe one year later?"
The district said this was an example of poor judgment. A statement from the district reads, in part:
"The district is addressing the matter with the faculty member and those impacted by this incident. The faculty member has apologized to students and parents for this lapse in judgment and has reiterated the intent was never to promote or make light of illicit drug use. The district is taking the necessary measures to ensure that the damage is repaired. The district is addressing this issue as a personnel matter according to district policy."
March 30 Roger Federer survived two match points before beating Tomas Berdych in a third-set tiebreak in the Miami Open quarter-finals on Thursday.
Federer had to call upon all his resources of skill, poise and experience to edge Czech Berdych 6-2 3-6 7-6(6).
Berdych served for the match at 6-4 in the tiebreak, but could not convert, with Federer reeling off four points in a row, winning when Berdych double-faulted.
Earlier, the Swiss looked set for another emphatic victory after taking the first set.
Australian Open champion Federer, who also won at Indian Wells two weeks ago, has lost only once this year, to Russian Evgeny Donskoy in a third-set tiebreak in Dubai.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; editing by Clare Lovell)
The International Federation of Sport Climbing (IFSC) have selected French city Toulouse to host its qualification event for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games.
No date for the event has been announced but it will take place in 2019 before climbing's Olympic debut in the Japanese capital a year later.
Toulouse was chosen by the IFSC Executive Board after four cities bid for the right to host the event.
American city Los Angeles, a two-time host of the Summer Olympics which will host the Games again in 2028, was among those to miss out.
Russian capital Moscow, the 1980 Olympic host, and Chongqing in China were also overlooked.
Climbing will make its Olympic debut at Tokyo 2020 ©Getty Images
The IFSC said that the pitch by French governing body the Federation Francaise de la Montagne et de l'Escalade (FFME) had swung proceedings in their favour.
"FFME presented a very detailed candidature, based on its experience in organising international events," a statement said.
"A special recognition goes to the other candidates."
Sport climbing was one of five sports to be added to the Tokyo 2020 programme by the International Olympic Committee in 2016.
Karate, surfing and skateboarding will also debut while baseball/softball will return after being axed following Beijing 2008.
Both bouldering and lead climbing competitions will take place in Tokyo.
Alabama Governor Kay Ivey ordered the deployment of one of the state's National Guard helicopters to Texas in support of Operation Guardian Support. The helicopter and five guardsmen will assist U.S. Border Patrol agents.
“Alabama is committed to ensuring the safety and security of our nation” and “we are proud to assist in the Southwest border mission,” Governor Ivey said while announcing the mission. “The Alabama National Guard stands ready to answer the call and we are proud to assist in the Southwest border mission.”
Alabama Adjutant General, Major General Sheryl Gordon recommended the deployment of guardsmen from A Company, 1-114th Aviation Battalion to the governor.
“The Alabama National Guard is always ready to assist our friends and partners on the border and continue the ongoing mission for homeland security,” General Gordon stated. “We're proud our soldiers are mentally and physically equipped to handle the challenges of the task.”
Alabama Public Radio reported the Alabama National Guard is sending a HU-72A Lakota helicopter, a flight crew, and a maintenance crew to assist.
The deployment is scheduled to begin on May 30.
The Alabama guardsmen will be joining hundreds of members of the Texas National Guard who is a Governor Greg Abbott ordered to the border following President Donald Trump's request that the National Guard begin supplementing U.S. Border Patrol efforts to secure the southwestern border with Mexico.
They will also be joining Lakota crews from the South Carolina Guard. Governor Henry McMaster ordered the deployment of two helicopters, along with their air and ground crews, to join the Texas guardsmen along the border earlier this month, Breitbart Texas reported.
“The highly trained men and women of the South Carolina National Guard are ready and able to support President Trump's mission to secure our country's border, and our entire state is grateful for their service and sacrifice,” Gov. McMaster said.
South Carolina's Adjutant General, Major General Robert E. Livingston, Jr., said his soldiers have performed this mission before.
“Our soldiers are well-trained and experienced with this mission, as they have conducted border security support previously in 2012 and 2016 as well as with Operation Jump Start in 2007,” the general explained.
The Lakota helicopters are equipped with infrared search systems and a night spotlight to assist ground crews during nighttime operations. They will be authorized to support law enforcement pursuits, search and rescue operations, and the evacuation of casualties, officials stated.
Tensions between Israel and Iran show no sign of ceasing, with Tel Aviv accusing Tehran of trying to establish a military presence in southern Syria. The Islamic Republic, in turn, blames the Jewish state for the deadly Gaza unrest earlier this month.
Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman is due to meet his Russian counterpart Sergei Shoigu in Moscow later on Thursday to address Iran's alleged increasing military presence in Syria, according to the Times of Israel.
Lieberman tweeted that "the primary focus of the defense establishment is preventing the entrenchment of Iran and its proxies in Syria."
יוצא כעת לביקור עבודה ברוסיה ומחר אפגש עם עמיתי, שר ההגנה סרגיי שויגו. המיקוד העיקרי של מערכת הביטחון היה ונותר מניעת התבססות של איראן וגרורותיה בסוריה. pic.twitter.com/qKo4gjNKEQ — אביגדור ליברמן (@AvigdorLiberman) 30 мая 2018 г.
The Lieberman-Shoigu talks come after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's meeting with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, during which the two men specifically discussed a proposed US-Russian-Jordanian agreement on the deployment of forces in southern Syria.
READ MORE: Israel 'Must Destroy Any Trace of Iran in Syria, Put Genie in Bottle' – Minister
Netanyahu, for his part, reportedly insisted that the agreement should stipulate a total withdrawal of alleged Iranian forces from southern Syria.
Speaking at the Primakov Readings international think tank summit on Wednesday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in turn pointed out that the pull-out of all non-Syrian troops from Syria's southwestern de-escalation zone should take place "as soon as possible."
"As regards the confrontation between Israel and Iran in Syria, we have agreements on the southwestern de-escalation zone, these agreements have been reached between Russia, the United States and Jordan. Israel was informed about them as we were working on them. They [agreements] stipulate that this de-escalation zone should consolidate stability, while all non-Syrian forces must be withdrawn from this area," Lavrov stressed.
Tensions between Israel and Iran have been running high recently, amid the reported exchange of air strikes between Tehran and Tel Aviv over the Israeli-controlled Golan Heights.
READ MORE: Israel Using 'Planned Provocations' to 'Get the US into a War With Iran'
Apart from the Iran nuclear deal, Israel has also expressed concern over Tehran's alleged attempts to establish a permanent military presence in Syria and thus expand its clout throughout the region, something which Tel Aviv sees as a threat to its national security.
Tehran denies the allegations, noting that it has been only sending military advisers to train troops loyal to Damascus since Iran supports Syrian President Bashar Assad in his struggle against terrorist groups in the country.
READ MORE: Israel-Iran Escalation Dangerous, Distracts From Anti-Daesh Fight — Moscow
© AP Photo / Amir Cohen, Pool Israel Thanks Trump For His Decision to Withdraw From Iran Deal - Netanyahu
Separately, Tehran insists that Israel should be tried in the International Criminal Court as "a war criminal" over protests in the Gaza Strip earlier this month, during which at least 61 Palestinians were killed and 2,700 more injured.
The protests took place amid the 70th anniversary of the formation of Israel, as well as in the wake of the recent relocation of the US Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
According to the Israeli military, the protesters tossed improvised explosive devices and Molotov cocktails, burned tires and tried to break the border barriers, in what prodded Israeli soldiers to fire at them in response.
Study on Aerosol Valves Market by Infinium Global Research is comprehensive presentation of qualitative and quantitative research to identify key trends, growth prospects, drivers, restraints and opportunities in the Global market. The report also deep dives into the sub-segments of Aerosol Valves Market by application (automotive & industrial, household, personal care, foods, and paints, medical) through main geographies in the Global Market such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and RoW. Browse through over 100 tables and figures to get complete view of the global and regional markets of Aerosol Valves over the period of 2017 to 2023. This report also provides the existing competitive scenario of some of the key players of the Global Aerosol Valves Market which includes company profiling of Aptar Group, Aroma Industries, Ehrensperger AG, EC Pack Industrial Ltd., Newman-Green Inc., Mitani Valve Co. Ltd, Lindal Group, Coster Group, DS Containers, and Precision Valve Corporation. According to report the global aerosol valves market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6% over the forecast period of 2017 – 2023.
Segments Covered
The report on global aerosol valves market covers segments such as application. The application segments include automotive & industrial, household, personal care, foods, paints, medical, and others.
Geographic Coverage
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015 – 2023. The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017 – 2023.
Get Sample copy of this Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/911
Companies Profiled:
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global aerosol valves market such as, Aptar Group, Aroma Industries, Ehrensperger AG, EC Pack Industrial Ltd., Newman-Green Inc., Mitani Valve Co. Ltd, Lindal Group, Coster Group, DS Containers, and Precision Valve Corporation.
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the global aerosol valves market. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and DRO analysis of aerosol valves market. Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2017 to 2023. We also have highlighted future trends in the aerosol valves market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market share of the leading players. Additionally, the analysis highlights rise and fall in the market shares of the key players in the market. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers and distributors of the aerosol valves market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Table of Contents:
1. Preface
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Aerosol Valves Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.2.4 Challenges
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 IGR – Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5 Competitive Landscape in the global aerosol valves market
4. Global Aerosol Valves Market by Application 2017 – 2023
4.1 Automotive & Industrial
4.2 Household
4.3 Personal Care
4.4 Foods
4.5 Paints
4.6 Medical
4.7 Others
5. Global Aerosol Valves Market by Regions 2017 – 2023
5.1 North America
5.1.1 North America aerosol valves market by Application
5.1.2 North America aerosol valves market by Country
5.2 Europe
5.2.1 Europe aerosol valves market by Application
5.2.2 Europe aerosol valves market by Country
5.3 Asia-Pacific
5.3.1 Asia-Pacific aerosol valves market by Application
5.3.2 Asia-Pacific aerosol valves market by Country
5.4 RoW
5.4.1 RoW aerosol valves market by Application
5.4.2 RoW aerosol valves market by Sub-region
6. Companies Covered
6.1 Aptar Group
6.2 Aroma Industries
6.3 Ehrensperger AG
6.4 EC Pack Industrial Ltd.
6.5 Newman-Green Inc.
6.6 Mitani Valve Co. Ltd
6.7 Lindal Group
6.8 Coster Group
6.9 DS Containers
6.10 Precision Valve Corporation
Contact Us
Infinium Global Research,
Website: https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com
Email: sales@infiniumglobalresearch.com
Nigel, a handsome gannet bird who lived on a desolate island off the coast of New Zealand, died suddenly this week.
Wherever his soul has landed, the singles scene surely cannot be worse.
The bird was lured to Mana Island five years ago by wildlife officials who, in hopes of establishing a gannet colony there, had placed concrete gannet decoys on cliffsides and broadcast the sound of the species' calls.
Nigel accepted the invitation, arriving in 2013 as the island's first gannet in 40 years. But none of his brethren joined him.
In the absence of a living love interest, Nigel became enamoured with one of the 80 faux birds.
He built her - it? - a nest. He groomed her "chilly, concrete feathers ... year after year," the Guardian reported.
He died next to her in that unrequited love nest, the vibrant orange-yellow plumage of his head contrasting, as ever, with the weathered, lemony paint of hers.
"Whether or not he was lonely, he certainly never got anything back, and that must have been [a] very strange experience," conservation ranger Chris Bell, who also lives on the island, told the paper.
"I think we all have a lot of empathy for him, because he had this fairly hopeless situation."
As he persisted in this futile courtship, Nigel accrued something of a fan base. Mana is a scientific reserve that, like other New Zealand islands, has been the focus of replanting and rodent eradication efforts.
Friends of Mana Island, one of the groups that has planted trees and shrubs, said on Facebook that Nigel "won the hearts" of members and volunteers who "spent many hours over the years maintaining the concrete colony."
Another gannet spent some time on Mana last year. Unfortunately, it was a he, dubbed Norman.
Perhaps the saddest twist to this tale is that three other gannets settled on Mana last month, after conservation officials tweaked the sound system used to attract them, according to the New Zealand website Stuff.
This raised the possibility of breeding. But Nigel paid them no attention.
"This just feels like the wrong ending to the story," Bell told Stuff. "He died right at the beginning of something great."
But Nigel - whose nickname was "no mates" - will forever be remembered as the pioneer of the colony and credited with signalling to the new trio that Mana was suitable habitat, Bell said.
On Thursday, Friends of Mana Island posted an original poem dedicated to the lonely castaway:
To Nigel
You stayed awhile on Mana Island,
Attracted by your concrete mates
You built a nest, you did your best
But only Norman dropped on by.
We weeded, we painted, we sprayed guano around.
We hoped you'd find the real thing.
Three newbies arrived, a Christmas surprise,
But suddenly you are gone.
RIP 'no mates' Nigel
2018 © The Washington Post
This article was originally published by The Washington Post.
The National Rifle Association is a long-standing organization that seeks to represent the opinions and ideals of gun owners while protecting the rights given to us as citizens under the Second Amend­ment. They influence politics and leg­islation around guns and gun owner­ship unlike any other organization, both pro-gun and pro-control. They also provide many different forms of outreach such as gun safety classes and information regarding such, including online materials and training on how to be a certified firearms instructor. They are credited as being one of the largest organizations to push wide­spread safety awareness and training from new to experienced shooters.
While they have been influential in maintaining our rights — to bear arms and how we choose to arm ourselves — they are not without criticism. Many have seen them as a gargantuan affront to “common sense” firearms regula­tions that could restrict certain types of weapons or buyers from the market. Some see them as profiteers of gun-related deaths and violence, only rep­resenting a portion of gun owners but stifle any conversation stating that fact.
However, many pro-gun individu­als recognize their pitfalls as well, and recognize that the NRA isn't the perfect gun-rights-oriented organization that it claims to be. While its cause is im­portant to defend, many feel that the NRA either provides a poor public image and — most importantly — a lack of an offensive strategy to restore gun rights where they have been re­stricted. Other organizations have stepped in to represent what they won't, and are beginning to gain more recog­nition as the NRA's esteem drops.
While it is understandable that pandering to certain minority groups could make their more conservative base somewhat uncomfortable, the lack of focus regarding minorities is some­what off-putting. There are large con­tingencies of people of color, LGBTQ persons, those with liberal leanings and other minorities that want their right to keep and bear arms protected. While the NRA is made up of diverse members and a diverse board of direc­tors — and certainly don't discriminate outwardly — their lack of direct out­reach to these groups is a subliminal yet noteworthy observation. There ap­pears to be a lack of conversation sur­rounding these communities and their significance in defending the Second Amendment — hypothetically due to fear of driving away conservative NRA members by making them uncomfort­able. Many of these demographics have gun organizations that do cater to their needs and opinions. These other orga­nizations focus on their experiences and community-specific issues, such as easing stereotypes about people of color with guns — as somehow being more criminally prone — or LGBTQ persons fears of hate crimes or violence. It would be wise of the nation's largest gun-rights advocacy groups to focus on these members in a way that bonds them with the rest of their members and provides these discussions in a way that promotes inclusion rather than surface-level acceptance.
The other major issue with the NRA is that they have failed to keep their promises when it comes to reversing gun laws that are either poorly written, ineffective, or otherwise infringe on the right to keep and bear arms. Espe­cially in liberal-leaning states, restric­tions on “assault rifles,” the restrictions or even bans on carrying guns on your person — in any manner — and other laws that restrict Second Amendment rights still stand, despite the all-reach­ing lobbying of the NRA to reverse these laws. The organization — due to declining public image in the face of recent mass shootings — has lost its ability to fight for our rights and is now on the defense. It has even recently given concessions for certain restric­tions to become law — with their sup­port. Most notable of these instances were the support for the banning of “bump-stocks,” which allow semi-au­tomatic rifles to fire faster without vio­lating the 1934 Gun Act or the Hughes Amendment, which both severely curtailed the ability of citizens to own machine guns or select fire weapons along. Both acts were challenged in the past by the NRA, but now the NRA has an almost blatant support of these re­strictions. One would think that a pro-gun organization would at least have some interest in redefining these laws.
The NRA should put its supporters' money where its mouth is. Either defend the right of the people to keep and bear arms, or let another organization — one that's more inclusive and apt to have conversations about guns — take their place.
Like this: Like Loading...
By MORGAN MANNS
STAFF WRITER
The late Bob Hauser dedicated many years of his life to the Fostoria Fire Department.
He served as a firefighter, a fire inspector and an EMT before retiring in 1987 as assistant fire chief. However, his passion and service didn't end there.
“Even after retirement he was very active in what we were doing and always concerned for what we did,” interim Fire Chief Brian Herbert said. “He was very highly respected in this department and in the community.”
Even when he passed away unexpectedly on July 18, Hauser's commitment to the fire family continued on. In his memory, contributions from his funeral were to be made to the Fostoria Fire Department.
More than $3,700 was donated to the department in his honor, according to firefighter and Fostoria Local 325 union President Randy Ruble. And with that money, officials decided to invest in equipment Hauser would be proud of.
“We spent the money on things that would leave a lasting impression in the community and leave Bob proud,” Ruble said.
“We wanted to buy something in his honor, something Bob would appreciate because he was all about the guys,” Herbert added.
The department invested in a thermal imaging camera, designed to help firefighters find victims of structure fires. The device serves as a heat seeker, locating different temperatures in a room and displaying a visual of the heat source on a camera.
In the event of a fire, the heat source from a hiding child or other individual would be significantly lower than the heat produced from the fire and smoke around them. The hotter temperatures appear white while the cooler temperatures are darker.
However, the device serves several other purposes as well.
The TIC can help firefighters find hot spots in walls and ceilings after a fire to more efficiently extinguish the flames and prevent further damage to the home.
Likewise, the equipment can locate faulty ballasts in fluorescent light fixtures.
If a ballast is bad in a light, it will be significantly hotter than the others, according to Herbert.
In addition, Herbert said the camera could also be useful in the event of a motor vehicle accident.
If the crash occurs at night or near a field or wooded area, the TIC could be used to locate someone who might have been thrown from a vehicle by seeking their body heat.
“It has multiple purposes and is a real asset to the department,” Herbert said. “We were long-overdue for a new one.”
FFD recently retired a 20-year-old TIC as its service life had ended. Another TIC — approximately 10 years old — is housed on the department's rescue engine.
This new device should last 10-15 years depending on use, according to Herbert, and will be placed in the department's main firefighting engine.
The union used $3,000 from the Bob Hauser Memorial Fund to purchase the $4,500 piece of equipment while the city fronted the rest from the department's capital needs fund, according to Herbert.
The remaining memorial fund money — approximately $700 as well as money from prior donations — was used to purchase 53 new lock boxes for the community at a total of about $1,600.
Formerly called the Locked Out Program, the Fostoria Fire Department has decided to rename the program after Hauser in honor of his donation and service.
The program allows safety personnel to have easy access to a residence when responding to emergency medical calls when that individual lives alone and is unable to get to their door.
A lock box, similar to what real estate agents use, is placed on the handle of the main door at the residence at no cost to the homeowner. The box, which has a reflective sticker on it labeling FFD, can only be accessed by fire and police personnel.
Inside the hardened steal boxes is a key to the residence, the resident's name and age, an emergency contact and medical history.
“We've had a huge outcry in the community for them,” Ruble said. “Multiple residents wanted them but the funds were all donations and we didn't have the funds to keep it going.”
The program began in January of 2015 thanks to donations from local businesses as a way for first responders to get into a resident without damaging the home.
Since, the department has installed around 35 lock boxes throughout the community with several residents on a waiting list. Most of the 53 new boxes will be used for those residents on the waiting list, according to Ruble.
“We're very grateful for the money Bob had donated to us to be used for what we used it for,” he said. “We're here to help the city in any way, shape or form we can. We strive to make this a better community and keep people safe.”
Calls made to Hauser's wife, Marilyn, were not returned by press time.
Comments
comments
Choe Kang Il, a senior North Korean diplomat handling North American affairs, is seen at the Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing Sunday, March 18, 2018. Cho is heading to Finland for talks with the U.S. and South Korea. (Kim Jin-bang/Yonhap via AP)
Choe Kang Il, a senior North Korean diplomat handling North American affairs, is seen at the Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing Sunday, March 18, 2018. Cho is heading to Finland for talks with the U.S. and South Korea. (Kim Jin-bang/Yonhap via AP)
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - Top U.S., South Korean and Japanese officials discussed how to achieve the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula during weekend talks ahead of upcoming inter-Korean and U.S.-North Korean summits, Seoul said Monday.
South Korean officials who visited Pyongyang recently say North Korean leader Kim Jong-un agreed to hold talks with South Korean President Moon Jae-in in late April. Seoul says Kim also proposed meeting with President Donald Trump.
Trump then agreed to meet Kim by the end of May, but North Korea has yet to confirm talks with the U.S.
The developments have raised hopes for a potential breakthrough in the North Korean nuclear crisis. But many experts say tensions would flare again if the summits fail to make any progress and leave the nuclear issue with few diplomatic options.
U.S. National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster met his South Korean and Japanese counterparts, Chung Eui-yong and Shotaro Yachi, in San Francisco for talks over the weekend on denuclearization and the summits, South Korea's presidential office said in a statement.
They agreed to maintain close trilateral cooperation in the next several weeks and shared a view that it's important not to repeat past mistakes, the statement said. It didn't elaborate but likely refers to criticism that North Korea previously used disarmament negotiations as a way to ease outside pressure and win aid while all along secretly pressing its weapons development.
Appearing on CBS's "Face the Nation" aired Sunday, South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha said Kim had "given his word" that he was committed to denuclearization.
"He's given his word. But the significance of his word is - is quite - quite weighty in the sense that this is the first time that the words came directly from the North Korean supreme leader himself, and that has never been done before," she said.
Kim's willingness to negotiate over his nuclear program is a step forward, but many experts remain skeptical about how sincere he is about giving up a nuclear program that his country has built for decades despite toughening international sanctions.
Chung, who headed a high-level delegation to Pyongyang and met Kim during his March 5-6 trip, says North Korea told his delegation it won't need to keep its nuclear weapons if military threats against it are removed and it receives a credible security guarantee. The North has long maintained such a stance, saying it won't abandon its nuclear weapons unless the United States pulls out its troops from South Korea and Japan and stops regular military drills with South Korea that it views as an invasion rehearsal.
A senior North Korean diplomat, meanwhile, flew to Finland on Sunday for talks with former U.S. officials as well as American and South Korean civilian academics. The meeting, set for Tuesday and Wednesday, is a possible opportunity to examine the North's sincerity about its denuclearization pledges. North Korean officials and former U.S. officials and experts have often held such talks, known as "Track-2."
Nikolas Cruz, the gunman in the Stoneman Douglas High School massacre in Parkland, Fla., was disciplined but never expelled when he was a student.
Arming teachers isn't the only dangerous education policy being promoted by President Trump. He also wants to throw out guidelines issued by the Obama administration to reduce the blatant racial discrimination that frequently occurs when minority and white students are disciplined for the same offense.
The Department of Education issued guidelines encouraging school districts to eliminate or severely limit expulsions and suspensions in 2014 after its Office of Civil Rights reported that black students were suspended and expelled at three times the rate of white students.
On average, 5 percent of white students are suspended, compared with 16 percent of black students. Black children represent 16 percent of total student enrollment, but are 31 percent of students subjected to a school-related arrest. White students, 51 percent of enrollment, account for 39 percent of those arrested.
The bias even extends to preschool, where black children are 18 percent of the enrollment, but 48 percent of preschoolers who are suspended more than once. White children are 43 percent of preschool enrollment but only 26 percent of the preschool children receiving more than one out-of-school suspension.
Rather than questioning why such disparity exists, Trump suggested that the Obama disciplinary guidelines had made schools more dangerous. He and Sen. Marco Rubio (R., Fla.) said the policy may have even played a role in the mass murder at Stoneman Douglas High School. The shooter, former student Nikolas Cruz, was disciplined numerous times but never expelled. “The failure to report troubled students, like Cruz, to law enforcement can have dangerous repercussions,” said Rubio.
Trump has directed Education Secretary Betsy DeVos to begin a review process aimed at rescinding the Obama guidelines. DeVos, in a 60 Minutes interview, said she is “making sure students have an opportunity to learn in safe and nurturing environments.” Fine, but it's also her responsibility to make sure schoolchildren aren't receiving harsher punishments for the same behavior just because they are black or brown.
That's a lesson Philadelphia Superintendent William R. Hite Jr. can teach DeVos. “All children, no matter their racial background, deserve strong and positive educational environments,” Hite said. “Behavior in school is often indicative of other issues — trauma, pain, mental health, or the negative and lasting impact of living in the uncertainty of poverty. These are not students who need punitive discipline; these are children who need a different approach.”
That different approach in Philadelphia schools includes greater emphasis on conflict resolution, developing a diversion program with the city Police Department and Department of Human Services, stopping arrests for low-level offenses that lead to school dropouts, and eliminating suspensions for dress code violations and for kindergarten students.
Making sure classrooms aren't disrupted by bad actors doesn't mean abandoning policies designed to ensure discipline is dispensed fairly. Trump, with DeVos and Rubio tagging along, keeps looking for opportunities to make grand statements and gestures that suggest he is working hard to prevent another tragedy like the Stoneman Douglas massacre.
But the president's adding school discipline policies to his to-do list, even as he continues to avoid strengthening our weak gun laws, is a joke. Or would be, if the subject weren't so serious.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
New Orleans, LA - For the first time, researchers led by Frank Lau, MD, Assistant Professor of Clinical Surgery at LSU Health New Orleans, have successfully kept white fat tissue alive outside of the body for up to eight weeks. This breakthrough will pave the way for research advances improving treatment or prevention of such diseases as obesity, diabetes, heart disease, stroke, cancer and others associated with white adipose tissue. Details are published as an Instant Online Article by the journal Tissue Engineering Part C: Methods, available here.
The paper describes a tissue-engineered microstructure called Sandwiched White Adipose Tissue, or "SWAT" for short. White adipose tissue (WAT) is a type of human fat that is strongly associated with several life-threatening illnesses. An ongoing hurdle for scientists has been developing a technique for the long-term culture of WAT. In SWAT, WAT is cultured in a three-dimensional, multicellular environment, and these conditions faithfully mimic those of the human body. In SWAT, WAT is viable in culture for up to eight weeks, and during this time frame, it maintains crucial cellular qualities and whole-tissue functioning.
"We are the first group in the world to keep human fat alive outside of the body for several weeks," notes Dr. Lau, who is also Surgical Director of Regenerative Medicine at LSU Health New Orleans School of Medicine. "This isn't just a major breakthrough for our lab, but also for obesity and fat research. SWAT holds great potential for anti-obesity drug screening, new research into cancer-obesity interactions and many basic experiments regarding fat physiology."
The research validates SWAT as the first primary human White Adipose Tissue Microphysiological System against standards established by the National Institutes of Health. Its attributes position SWAT as a powerful tool for the study of WAT physiology, pathophysiology, personalized medicine, and pharmaceutical development.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 36.5% of U.S. adults have obesity. Obesity-related conditions include heart disease, stroke, type 2 diabetes and certain types of cancer, some of the leading causes of preventable death.
According to the State of Obesity, the estimated annual medical costs of obesity in the U.S. ranges from $147 billion to nearly $210 billion.
###
The research team also included Drs. Camille Rogers, Oren Tessler, Charles Dupin, Hugo St. Hilaire, Kazi Islam, as well as Kelly Vogel, John Luckett, Maxwell Hunt, Alicia Meyer and Steven Scahill at LSU Health New Orleans School of Medicine, along with Dr. Jeffrey Gimble at Tulane University and Dr. Trivia Frazier at LaCell, LLC.
The data were presented at the 2017 International Federation for Adipose Therapeutics and Science annual meeting in Miami.
Trump had been under increasing pressure to call out the groups by name after his previous remarks bemoaning violence on “many sides” prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats. The president described members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “criminals and thugs” in a prepared statement from the White House.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gloucester star Ross Moriarty has revealed he feared for his playing future after his British and Irish Lions dream turned into an injury nightmare that left him unable to walk up the stairs.
Moriarty has played just 187 minutes of rugby this season since slipping a disc in his back in the first game of the Lions tour to New Zealand against the Provincial Barbarians but he will make his international return for Wales against Scotland in the Six Nations today.
It has been a long road back for the 23-year-old with four surgeons declining to operate due to fears it would damage the nerve further.
“Two of the discs had slipped in my back and jammed into the nerves of my legs, so the muscles on my legs stopped working,” said Moriarty.
“I couldn't run, I couldn't stand on one leg, I couldn't walk upstairs, couldn't walk downstairs.
“Sometimes I'd stand up and the nerve would get jammed by the disc and I'd fall over. So it was pretty serious.
“It wasn't until the doctor realised the reflex in my knee had stopped working that they realised how bad it was.
“No surgeon would go in there because they said it was too close to the nerve and if they damaged it that would basically be me done.”
It was left to heal over time and Moriarty returned to action for Gloucester in the Anglo-Welsh Cup game at Leicester in November, only to suffer a setback in training the following week.
“After that first game, I actually was really, really worried and really upset,” said Moriarty.
“It's always tough when you can't play rugby. Some take it better than others, but personally there's not much for me without rugby, so I took it quite tough after that second time.
“I wasn't sure when I'd play again.”
Moriarty returned two months later after having an epidural injection straight into the disc, coming through Gloucester's European Challenge Cup games against Agen and Pau with no problems to leave him feeling confident.
There are still issues that Moriarty has to manage but he now feels fit and confident.
“It could have taken a lot longer than it has, but luckily it's only taken this long,” said Moriarty.
“It is something I'll have to look after for the rest of my career because the disc hasn't gone back completely.
“It's been tough since that first week of June. But now I feel good and confident about how I am physically and mentally about the injury and I'm really looking forward to playing rugby again for Wales.
“I have been pushing myself very hard with the fitness and gym work I have been doing.
“I have made sure I am ready and tip-top. I know if I wasn't right I wouldn't get picked.
“I am just really looking forward to it. I haven't played too much rugby this season, but I have confidence in what the conditioners have been doing with me. I wouldn't be starting this game if I wasn't right.
While Moriarty was recovering from injury there was the long-running saga of his future with his contract at Gloucester coming to an end that led to him deciding to join the Dragons next season.
He came under fire from some Gloucester fans for the way it was handled and has now explained why he hit back on social media.
Moriarty said: “If someone has a problem, that's absolutely fine. Come and speak to me personally. That's the way I deal with things.
“It's easy for people to say things which aren't true to people who don't really understand what is going on.”
These days, people are always on the go. From work to taking the kids everywhere to grocery shopping, life just doesn't stand still anymore. We've all heard about mobile banking from your phone, but you don't have to be a tech geek to use mobile banking. In fact, mobile banking is really easy for anyone once you learn the basics.
First, make sure your bank offers a mobile banking app with convenient features that fit your needs. You want to make sure you can check your balances, deposits, and transfer funds between accounts, all while you're at your kid's game or waiting for an appointment. And with the mobile deposit feature, you can deposit a check from home or work. Some bank apps even allow mobile payments through your credit card.
So just make sure your bank offers a banking app with all the bells and whistles that lets you live and bank on the go. It's that simple!
Copyright 2017. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015 Pause
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold his house, here's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
2:03 Connor Shaw back running, throwing, preparing for 2017 NFL season
SAN FRANCISCO—I have touched the new Pixel phone. It's tough to write about Google's new smartphones because, well, it's not about the hardware. The phones are delivery mechanisms for Google's software and AI algorithms, and none of that is really done yet.
The hardware is fine. The Pixel 2 XL, with its slimmer bezels and 18:9 screen, looks more modern than the Pixel 2. In fact, the most striking thing about Google's hardware is the decision to make two completely different phones.
There are some big wins here that apply to both phones. The 2 and 2XL are some of the few flagship phones that are made of metal instead of glass or plastic. Apple and Samsung have settled on more fragile glass backs for easier wireless communication, but Google solves this rather elegantly with a glass window at the top of the phone. The metal feels great and does a good job of making the phones feel like they're worth their $650-$850 (£629-£799) price tag.
The Pixel 2 XL, which is made by LG, looks handsome. Thanks to the front-facing speakers, the bezels are a bit bigger than its closest cousin, the LG V30. But the 2 XL still looks like a modern slim-bezel smartphone. The display has curved corners, just like the iPhone X, Galaxy S8, and LG V30, and it fits in well with the rest of the high-end crowd.
The smaller Pixel 2, which is made by HTC, looks like a bit of a mess from the front. The top and bottom bezels are gigantic—and honestly pretty ugly.
Both devices are expected to have amazing cameras. This year, that camera sensor comes with a bump. The lens sticks out of the back of the phone slightly, and its placement on the corner of the back means the device will rock back and forth slightly on a table.
The camera setups are different between the phones, too. The Pixel 2 XL puts its camera lens in the corner, followed by the LED flash, which looks nice. The Pixel 2 has its LED flash in the corner of the phone, too, which pushes the giant camera lens toward the center of the phone. This does not look as good.
The sides are different, too. Pixel 2 XL has glass that curves over and meets the side. The Pixel 2 has flat glass and chamfered edges.
Of course, the biggest downside of the device applies to both models: the complete lack of a headphone jack.
Both devices run Android 8.0 with some custom software and features from Google.
The squeeze gesture might be my favorite feature on the 2 and the 2 XL. Like the HTC U 11, they have pressure-sensitive sides, and a simple squeeze of the phones will launch the Assistant. I love this feature because it's easily the fastest way to issue a voice command. Just pull the phone out of your pocket, squeeze it before it even gets to you face, and the voice system is already up and running, ready to take a command. For something I do many times a day, having an easy way to launch voice that doesn't rely on the hotword will be nice.
The new home screen moves the Google Search bar to the bottom of the screen, where it can be more easily accessed. Up top, there's a widget with your next appointment and the weather, and soon it will be able to show flight and traffic data.
With the transformation of Google Now into Google Feed, Google started focusing less on the predictive calendar/flight/traffic data and more on being a news surface, so it's nice to see a new front-and-center interface where this information can be seen again.
The 2 and 2 XL both feature a new, always-on ambient notification screen. This screen shows the time and notification icons, and since it's super dark, it doesn't use much power from the OLED display. Also on this screen is an always-on Music identification feature. If music is playing, the screen will quietly display the name of the song near the bottom of the display. Beaming audio data to Google 24/7 would be a bit creepy, so this is instead a local feature that uses on-device machine learning and doesn't send any data to Google. The downside is that the music-identification selection is limited to 20,000 songs.
Both phones have Google Lens, which we didn't get to try much at the show. There were a few demos, but without trying it out in the wild, it's hard to get a feel for how useful it will be in real life. For now, the usage seems to be annoying. You have to take a picture of something, open Google Photos, and press the lens button. We would prefer to get a live video feed that can identify things.
That's about it for the Pixel 2s. We saw two phones made by two manufacturers that give two distinctively different impressions when you see them. The Pixel 2 XL feels like a modern, capable smartphone, while the Pixel 2 feels like a phone that shouldn't exist.
Happy Monday, Bachelor Nation. After two months of mounting anticipation, the Bachelor in Paradise season 4 premiere is officially upon us.
For the uninitiated, the beloved Bachelor/ette spin-off has placed alums in an elaborate game of romantic musical chairs in Mexico every summer since 2014. This season, however, things took a sharp turn just days into filming after a sex scandal between two cast members rocked the franchise. Here's a quick breakdown of everything you need to know ahead of this week's two-night premiere.
The sex scandal: A brief timeline
June 4: A sexual encounter occurred between contestants Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson, both of whom had been drinking heavily all day. PEOPLE has since confirmed that two producers voiced their concerns about the encounter.
June 11: News of the Paradise scandal broke when Warner Bros. announced it had suspended production on the show and launched an internal investigation into “allegations of misconduct.”
June 14: Olympios and Jackson both retained legal representation and issued statements, with Olympios, 24, calling herself a “victim” and admitting she had “little memory of that night,” and Jackson, 30, claiming his character had “been assassinated.”
June 20: Warner Bros. announced their investigation found no evidence of misconduct and confirmed that production would be resuming.
June 21: Several of this season's original cast members began taking to social media to confirm their return to Paradise. Production resumed soon afterwards — this time without Olympios and Jackson.
What exactly happened, in their own words?
After Warner Bros. deemed nothing improper had occurred, Olympios' attorney Martin Singer told PEOPLE that their own investigation into the incident would continue. A few days later, Olympios issued a statement confirming her team's investigation had “been completed to my satisfaction.”
“While I never filed complaints or accusations against anyone associated with Bachelor in Paradise, my team and I felt it was very important to be thorough in getting to the bottom of what had occurred,” she said. “I felt victimized by the fact that others were judging me through conflicting and unsubstantiated reports, while I myself had no recollection of the events that transpired.”
“While I am extremely grateful for the opportunity to have been a participant on The Bachelor, and while I was invited to return to Bachelor in Paradise when production resumed, I respectfully made the decision not to return,” she continued. “I understand the media's interest in this story, and I greatly appreciate my fans' concerns for my well-being, but I think it is best if I keep any further thoughts private for now.”
RELATED VIDEO: Corinne Olympios' Lawyers End Investigation into Bachelor in Paradise Misconduct Claims with No Lawsuit
Olympios has not publicly addressed the incident since. Jackson, meanwhile, detailed his recollection of the encounter in a lengthy interview with E! News, calling it “the wildest night of my entire life” and including several graphic details. (Olympios did not issue a response to any of his claims.)
According to Jackson, after meeting on set, he and Olympios began “complimenting each other on being villains” and joking about how they were “going to dominate Paradise.”
“We started having a little bit more fun, started having a few drinks,” he said. “It got a little bit hot and heavy. She jumped in my arms, we started making out at the bar.”
Jackson went on to explain that he and Olympios were in the pool “kissing,” “rubbing” and “touching.” Eventually, “things got wild because it was more of, like, her being the aggressor, which was sexy because you have a very attractive girl who's telling you what she wants.”
Jackson said he proceeded to sit on the edge of the pool, and Olympios got up and put “her lady parts like, right on my face.”
“We were already naked at that point,” he said. “We had been naked since like, the second we got into the pool.”
According to Jackson, the following day, nothing appeared to be different between him and Olympios — when he saw her, they hugged and spoke before the group all got breakfast together.
“We were all talking about how wild the previous day was,” he said. “She wasn't mad. We were hanging out. I offered her a shot, but she said that the production had cut her off for drinking for the day.”
The cast continued filming for the next two days, but Jackson says that on Tuesday night (June 6), producers pulled him aside and told him there was an issue and advised him to “bow out.”
Though he said he doesn't feel like he “got played” by Olympios and bears no ill will towards her, Jackson claimed that he “got played in general” and slammed the racism and sexism they faced.
“The minute you release this black man's face and this white girl's face, before either of us commented on it, I was already a ‘rapist' and a ‘monkey,' ” he said. “And she's a ‘whore' and a ‘slut.' For me, it goes back to the human race — we failed.”
RELATED VIDEO: DeMario Jackson Tearfully Reveals Bachelor in Paradise Accusations Made His Mother ‘Cry Every Single Day'
How did the incident change the show?
In the wake of the scandal, Warner Bros. announced that they would be implementing “certain changes to the show's policies and procedures to enhance and further ensure the safety and security of all participants.”
A source close to production also told PEOPLE that precautions were taken to ensure a similar incident wouldn't occur. According to the source, “in broad strokes, changes were made to ensure everyone's safety” — particularly in regard to alcohol consumption and consent.
In recent interviews, several of this season's stars have confirmed the particulars of the new rules.
“They put a limit on drinks — you can only have two per hour,” Vinny Ventiera told PEOPLE earlier this month. “And then if you want to spend the night with someone, you have to give on camera consent. Both parties have to agree.”
The rebooted season: What can we expect?
Warner Bros. has said in a statement that the company “does not intend to release the videotape” of the specific sexual encounter between Olympios and Jackson, but it's clear from the season supertease that the premiere will address all of the events leading up to the incident, as well as the aftermath.
“There was definitely an elephant in the room,” Ventiera recently told PEOPLE. “We do address it on camera. We took a negative situation and turned it into a positive thing.”
Longtime host of the franchise Chris Harrison has also opened up to PEOPLE about the rebooted season, noting that while it would certainly be different than seasons past, it was still the same show at its core.
“I know people want us to say there have been massive changes, but you're not going to see sweeping changes,” he said. “We've learned from this. There will be some adjustments, but again, our cast has always been most important. Alcohol … that's such a misconception that they rely on it. Drunk and stupid doesn't help us. It doesn't make good TV. Stories do — people being compelling.”
“There will be some adjustments made and we're going to be very verbal about it,” he added. “But as you see the season go on, you're going to see we're right back to Paradise.”
Corinne & DeMario: The reunion
Both Olympios and Jackson will partake in a televised reunion special, which Harrison has confirmed will air earlier in the season because “it's something that needs to be dealt with long before the finale.”
“When I talk to Corinne and DeMario, that's not just going to be part of a sit-down like the Women or Men Tell All special where there's 30 people on set,” he told Entertainment Weekly earlier this month. “I think people are misunderstanding how that's going to go. Those are going to be a lot more in-depth and a lot more intimate and a lot more personal and one-on-one than your ‘Tell All special.' ”
How will it all wrap up?
For the first time in Bachelor in Paradise history, this season will conclude with a live finale with a studio audience to catch up with the cast.
“One of the things that will be a little different is our time in Paradise was cut down and compacted, therefore the show will extend back into the real world,” Harrison recently told EW.
According to Harrison, the live finale is “going to be a lot of finding out what's been happening because things have been continuing back in the real world since the show wrapped up in Mexico.”
“It's going to be interesting,” he said. “And I think a lot more fun for all of us.”
Season 4 of Bachelor in Paradise premieres Monday and Tuesday at 8 p.m. ET on ABC.
North Korean General Kim Yong Chol arrives in New York ahead of talks with U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. Rough Cut (no reporter narration)
Conspiracy theorist Alex Jones said over the weekend that he believed the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia was staged, and compared it to other rallies in which he claimed to have seen Jewish people masquerading as Nazis and Ku Klux Klan members.
“I've been to these events, a lot of the KKK guys with their hats off look like they're from the cast of Seinfeld,” he said Sunday, as old footage of a KKK rally rolled behind him. “Look at them, they're just Jewish actors. Nothing against Jews in general, but the leftist Jewish want to create this clash, so they go dress up as Nazis.”
“I have footage in Austin — we're going to find it somewhere here at the office — where it literally looks like cast of Seinfeld or like Howard Stern in a Nazi outfit. They all look like Howard Stern. They almost got like, the little curly hair down, and they're just up there heil-ing Hitler. You can tell they are totally uncomfortable, they are totally scared, and it's all just meant to create the clash.”
The comment came during Jones' Sunday broadcast, and was flagged by the liberal media monitoring group Media Matters. President Donald Trump appeared on Jones' show in December 2015 and said, “Your reputation is amazing. I will not let you down.” Jones has since claimed to have been in touch with Trump again after the presidential election.
On Saturday, as news unfolded that one counter-protester was killed in an alleged terrorist attack by a man who had earlier been photographed with a white supremacist group, Jones explicitly said the extremists' presence looked staged.
“I thought Trump's response was great,” he told conservative provocateur Gavin McInnes in a phone call he broadcasted live, referring to Trump's statement condemning “many sides” for the weekend's violence. “We should study this, because we know Soros has been planning this and like, trying to create provocative events. And the whole thing looks staged to me.”
Jones did acknowledge that, “as a result of removing Confederate generals statues, there's going to be some crazies on the right that come out as well.” He called the event at various points a “small conservative march” and “a bunch of conservatives that just went out there to stand up and demonstrate, but with a few white supremacists who were leading them, who were separate groups, to the media, so as to demonize all conservatives.”
The “Unite the Right” rally that brought the white supremacist groups to Charlottesville was staged to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a park.
Jones further compared the weekend to other incidents in which he claimed to have seen Jewish people masquerading as white supremacists.
“And I see a bunch of antifa, George Soros-, globalist-, Hillary Clinton-funded crap starting fights and a bunch of fake supremacists they brought in to march around in front of a bunch of conservatives, because I've been through it,” he said.
“I've seen Nazi rallies where the Jewish guys posing as Nazis tuck their” — he swirled his fingers, mimicking Jewish mens' “peyot” — “literally into Nazi hats.”
“Wearing old SA Hollywood outfits that you know came out of some Hollywood lot,” he continued. “And I love Jewish folks. The point is, you go to the event. There's the Nazis, and it's like — those guys look more Jewish and Seinfeld. I've got the videos, we've got to dig them up somewhere.”
By Melanie Baxendale
Brigham's Playhouse, a southern Utah leader in live theater, is delighted to announce its next production. “Annie Get Your Gun” will show April 20 through May 27 at our intimate indoor theater in Washington! Come one, come all to Irving Berlin's Broadway musical classic of sharpshooting romance and show business!
Annie Oakley is the best shot around, and she manages to support her little brother and sisters by selling the game she hunts. When she's discovered by Col. Buffalo Bill, he persuades this novel sharpshooter to join his Wild West Show. It only takes one glance for her to fall head over heels for dashing shooting ace Frank Butler, who headlines the show. She soon eclipses Butler as the main attraction, which while good for business is bad for romance. Butler hightails it off to join a rival show, his bruised male ego leading the way, but is ultimately pitted against Annie in a final shoot-out. The rousing, sure-fire finale hits the mark every time in a testament to the power of female ingenuity.
These two show business rivals, Annie Oakley and Frank Butler, do what comes naturally as they fall in love to timeless songs, such as “Can't Get a Man with a Gun” and “Anything You Can do (I Can do Better).” Performances are Thursdays through Saturdays at 7 p.m. with matinee performances at 2 p.m. on Saturdays. Tickets are available at brighamsplayhouse.com or by visiting or calling the playhouse box office.
Brigham's Playhouse believes in the power of live theater and its ability to provide audiences and performing artists with life-changing experiences. It is located at CottonTown Village in Washington, just across from Star Nursery on Telegraph Road, next to Red Barn. This is the third season for the playhouse, which was founded in 2014 by the Young and Knapp families.
For more information about Brigham's Playhouse, please visit brighamsplayhouse.com or call (435) 251-8000. Box Office hours are Tuesdays–Fridays from 2 p.m. to 7 p.m. and Saturdays from noon to 7 p.m.
Articles related to “Sharpshooting musical classic ‘Annie Get Your Gun' opens at Brigham's Playhouse”
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Residents will have a rare opportunity to see a bomb from the Second World War after it was recovered from the bottom of a loch.
The ‘bouncing bomb' is being kept at the East Cheshire Sub Aqua Club after six of its members helped recover it last month.
Now visitors will have the unique opportunity to see the bomb – which is one of two highballs raised from Loch Striven – at Macclesfield headquarters before it is donated to museum in Suffolk.
Kevin Phillips, ECSAC diving officer and part of the team that recovered bombs in July, said: “There are only two of these bombs, out of the water, in the world. Both are going down south so this is a rare opportunity for people here to see them.”
The bombs were among more than 200 highballs which were left at the bottom of Loch Striven since they were tested by the Royal Navy 75 years ago.
(Image: Henry Paisey)
Macclesfield club members Mark Paisley, Loz Broome, Henry Paisey, Ken Burrows, Fred Santos and Kevin Phillips were all drafted in to help with the mission to recover the bombs. It began with a series of exploratory dives to identify which highballs were suitable for recovery, before Royal Navy divers then attached specialist lifting equipment to the heavy metal bombs, which were then winched out of the water.
The bombs, which are inactive, were then packed ready for transport in wet tanks containing a special salt-water solution to prevent them from corroding.
Kevin added: “This has been under the sea for 74 years, so we have to be very careful.
“It will have to be kept wet for a long time until the PH can balance out. It's being stored very carefully before we take it down to Suffolk.”
Visitors are invited to go along to the club house on Lower Bank Street on Wednesday, August 16, and Wednesday, August 30, to see the bomb and hear how the team of intrepid divers recovered them. It will also be an opportunity to learn more about the history of the bombs, which were designed by Sir Barnes Wallace to use against warships and also appeared in the film The Dambusters.
Tickets cost £5 and includes food on the night.
Proceeds will be put towards the cost of restoring the bomb. The doors open at 7.30pm with the presentation at 8pm. Email highball@ecsac.org.uk for tickets.
Explosive eruptions at Halemaumau crater have overwhelmed Kau neighborhoods on the Big Island for weeks, and residents in the area say more needs to be done to inform them about how the emissions are affecting them.
"We were catching the other end of things," said Waiohinu resident, Puu Davis. "The earthquake, the ash, and of course the vog, and I mean big time, where you couldn't even see."
"And yet they allowed our children to stay in school," Davis said.
The ash has sent the number of absentees soaring at Pahala Elementary and Ka'u High School, where sometimes nearly half of the 500-member student body called in sick.
"It's like cement," said Davis. "Once the moisture gets to it, it's like cement. So what's it doing in my lungs?"
Others are worried that the ash could contaminate water catchment systems and cause health problems.
Pahala resident Clarissa Pua said her home is on the county water system, but residents in the Ocean View subdivision in the southern part of the island use catchments.
"The ash went into their tanks, so a lot of them may have to empty out their tanks, (or) cover over their water tanks," Pua said.
Scientists told residents that the ash shouldn't cause health problems.
"It can cause problems with your filtering system, with the pumps, but people should not be afraid that ash is going to poison the water," said Tina Neal, Scientist-In-Charge at the U.S. Geological Survey Hawaiian Volcano Observatory.
Residents aren't the only ones concerned about air quality.
Norwegian Cruise Lines canceled Wednesday's stop in Kona due to air quality concerns. The company said it would decide whether to return next week if the quality improves.
Despite the many concerns, state health department reported that there were acceptable levels of sulfur dioxide in Kailua-Kona and moderate levels of particulate matter.
Geologists said they are working to improve the ways they notify residents in the path of volcanic emissions.
"Being able to accurately detect an explosion when they happen, knowing that there's ash involved, knowing which way the wind is blowing, and then working with the weather service to get the right statement out," said Neal.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
South African retailers have had to remove processed meat from Enterprise Foods to deal with the listeriosis outbreak.
JOHANNESBURG - The Pork industry has warned that it stood to lose billions of rand following the outbreak of listeriosis in the country.
Producers said prices had declined sharply after Health Minister Aaron Motsoaledi called on people to stay away from all polonies, cold meats, sausages and viennas in an effort to curb the outbreak, which has already claimed more than 180 lives in the country.
Veteran pork producer Dalein Heyl said prices had dropped from an average of R28/kg to R18/kg.
Heyl said the prices were way below input cost margins.
He said the industry needed prices to be normalised to about R23/kg to survive.
“Currently, we are below our break-even point. We are in a desperate situation because producers are price takers and not price makers.”
Tiger Brands has steadfastly denied any link between its products and the listeriosis.
Heyl called on Motsoaledi to come out and admit he made a mistake by calling for people to stay away from all polonies and cold meats, adding that pork had nothing to do with listeriosis.
“We urgently plead with people to go back to buying pork,” he said.
However, Motsoaledi has hit back, charging that he had never singled out pork.
Motsoaledi said he mentioned polony among other cold meats.
“I can't change that, because that's exactly what has killed people,” Motsoaledi said. “I have got no apology to offer them. They are attacking the messenger.”
- BUSINESS REPORT
In the State of the Union, President Trump announced a bold intention: Turning $200 billion in federal money into $1.5 trillion for fixing America's infrastructure by leveraging local and state tax dollars and private investment.
Scroll for more content...
Is creating that much funding from such a small number of federal dollars even possible?
Experts say yes, technically, but caution that such a large private sector add-on is far from guaranteed.
A White House spokeswoman told CNNMoney that their internal estimates found that the $200 billion could shake loose a total of between $800 billion and $1.5 trillion in other investments, but didn't explain further.
Progressives have attacked the proposed $200 billion as woefully inadequate, saying that states and cities are already burdened by pension debt and would not be able to raise enough money to finance 80% of the cost of major projects, as a leaked draft of the proposal said would be required. (The White House has declined to comment on the draft, which was first published last week by Axios.)
"While [Trump] just gave away trillions in tax cuts to millionaires and billionaires, he is putting a pittance on the table and expecting cash-strapped state and local governments to come up with the lion's share," said Rep. Jan Schakowsky of Illinois on a press call this week organized by the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, a liberal advocacy group.
Related: What we know about Trump's infrastructure plan
Left-leaning think tanks including the Economic Policy Institute and Center on Budget and Policy Priorities were also skeptical, pointing out that the Trump administration has previously proposed large cuts to infrastructure spending by Amtrak and programs like TIGER grants, an Obama-era pot of money for transportation projects awarded on a competitive basis.
Jeff Davis, a senior fellow at the Eno Center for Transportation, a nonprofit professional development organization that publishes research on transportation issues, said that while it's feasible to drum up $1.5 trillion in total spending with $200 billion in federal money, the proposal relies on some dubious assumptions.
To understand the White House's argument, Davis walks through the math. According to the leaked draft, half of the $200 billion will go toward incentive grants that can only make up 20% of any given project, so that part would lead to $500 billion in total investment.
Another $70 billion would go toward grants for rural areas and "transformative" projects that are more experimental, with the feds picking up between 30% and 100% of the tab. Davis said that amount can leverage about $20 billion, so let's be generous and round up the total to $100 billion.
So far, $170 billion from Washington has gotten us to $600 billion in total investment, with $30 billion in federal spending left, according to Davis' calculations. Where does the extra $400 billion to $900 billion come from?
Most of it, Davis said, can be found in the fine print of the leaked draft: Beefing up funding for the federal infrastructure credit programs that provide loans, loan guarantees and lines of credit to transit agencies and utilities for everything from highway expansions to desalination plants.
Recent loans through these programs have leveraged about $15 million for every $1 million of credit assistance. If such loans were only part of a financing package, the leverage ratio could get as high as 45-to-1, although Davis found in 2015 that there weren't enough projects that could qualify for assistance under the program's rules. In many cases, the projects were too big of a credit risk or they did not have all the proper permits.
Related: The U.S.' biggest infrastructure nightmare
"These assumptions may be fanciful, but they are bipartisan," Davis said, noting that Democrats have also counted on small amounts of federal capital pulling in enormous amounts of private and local money.
People who facilitate private investment in public infrastructure, such as pensions and private equity funds, think Trump's proposal could make a lot of deals happen that otherwise wouldn't happen.
"Literally dozens of these funds have been raised for the purpose of investing in infrastructure," says Kent Rowey, a partner in the firm Allen & Overy who specializes in public private partnerships. "There's more product than demand at the moment, because we haven't had the catalyst at the federal level to really kick it into high gear. ... It's a terrific idea."
Private investors can be paid back either through user fees, like highway tolls, or by other dedicated revenue streams, like sales taxes. But Rowey acknowledges that model works best in large population centers with robust tax bases, not rural areas or shrinking Rust Belt towns that could really use the help.
Also, as a report by the Democratic staff of the Joint Economic Committee argued, relying on private investment is risky and can cost more than direct taxpayer funding, since investors expect a healthy return. In the past, some public-private partnerships have been poorly negotiated and shut out competition that would have resulted in better pricing and improved public services, the report said.
That makes leveraging $1.5 trillion in investment with $200 billion in funding technically possible - but perhaps not entirely wise.
The state government will commit an extra $63 million over the next four years to boost the number of community caseworkers helping at risk children.
While its not clear how much of the funding will it find its way to the Hunter, Family and Community Services Minister Pru Goward says the money will fund 66 additional admin officers as well as 42 extra caseworkers.
According to government figures,only 21% of “at risk” Hunter children are seen by caseworkers.
The U.S. Geological Survey awarded approximately $4.9 million this week to six universities and a university-governed non-profit, to support transitioning the west coast "ShakeAlert" earthquake early warning system into a production system. The awards are for a new set of two-year cooperative agreements with California Institute of Technology, Central Washington University, University of California, Berkeley, University of Oregon, University of Washington, University of Nevada, Reno and UNAVCO, Inc.
Additionally, the USGS has purchased about $1 million in new sensor equipment to expand and improve the ShakeAlert system. These efforts, as well as internal work that the USGS is conducting, are possible because of $10.2 million in funding to the USGS Earthquake Hazards Program for ShakeAlert provided by Congress earlier this year.
An earthquake early warning system can give people a precious few seconds to stop what they are doing and take protective actions before the severe shaking waves from an earthquake arrive. Under the new cooperative agreements, the USGS and its seven university and non-profit partners will collaborate to improve the ShakeAlert system's sensor and telemetry infrastructure across the west coast of the United States. ShakeAlert is a new product of the USGS Advanced National Seismic System, a federation of national and regional earthquake monitoring networks throughout the country, including networks in southern California, northern California, Nevada and the Pacific Northwest.
These agreements include work to incorporate real-time GPS observations into ShakeAlert. The USGS and its university and nonprofit partners will also further the development and streamlining of scientific algorithms to rapidly detect potentially damaging earthquakes, more thoroughly test the warning system and improve its performance. In addition, they will upgrade the networks and install new seismic stations to improve the speed and reliability of the warnings. The ShakeAlert partners will also continue user training and education efforts, in collaboration with state and local partners, and add additional ShakeAlert pilot users. There are currently about 60 organizations that are test users, from sectors such as utilities, transportation, emergency management, state and city governments, and industry. Several of these are engaged in pilot projects to demonstrate the practical use of ShakeAlert in a variety of applications.
The ShakeAlert earthquake early warning system has been in development for 11 years. In 2006, the USGS began funding multi-institutional, collaborative research to test warning algorithms on real-time seismic networks within the ANSS. In California, this is a joint effort, where state legislation was passed in 2013 directing the California Office of Emergency Services to develop an early warning system in collaboration with the USGS and its partners. The state of California has recently committed $10 million to CalOES to enhance the statewide build-out of the California Earthquake Early Warning system. The state of Oregon also recently contributed about $1million of funding to enhance the system in Oregon.
In 2014, the USGS estimated that it will cost $38.3 million in capital investment to complete the ShakeAlert system on the West Coast to the point of issuing public alerts, and $16.1 million each year to operate and maintain it. This is in addition to current support for seismic and geodetic networks.
###
NetwellCASALA is the Research Centre for Ageing based in Dundalk IT and is a leading research and innovation to enhance and empower longer living in smarter places.
Only ten EU funded projects across Europe have been shortlisted for a prestigious Technology and Society Innovation Radar Award this year. These projects are all considered offering outstanding innovation for research.
The innovation which has been recognised by the awards body is the SIMS [Subject Information Management System] platform which was developed by Netwell CASALA and is currently being used as an integral part of the ground-breaking ProACT EC Horizon 2020 project in conjunction with Trinity College.
The SIMS platform was designed in-house by Dr. Julie Doyle, Senior Researcher at NetwellCASALA and Shane Gavin Senior Software Developer, which is a fantastic coup for this local team at Dundalk Institute of Technology.
“We are really delighted by this nomination” said Rodd Bond, Head of Research at NetwellCASALA “ProACT is a game changing project, demonstrating how older people with multiple chronic conditions, with the support of their care network, can better manage their health and wellbeing from home. It is a fantastic project to be involved in and it is wonderful that the SIMS platform, which we developed here in Dundalk, is seen as one of Europe's highest potential innovations in EU funded research and innovation projects” he added.
The shortlisted projects will be voted on over the next two weeks and the winner will be announced in mid-October. Please get behind this local innovation and take a minute to vote for NetwellCASALA by either scanning this barcode which will take you to the on-line voting icon or by going to www.netwellcasala.org where you can also vote.
GANGNEUNG, South Korea (AP) - As the world's top Paralympic athletes competed on ice and snow, Erica Mitchell steered through her own obstacle course on Pyeongchang's narrow and uneven streets.
The 31-year-old Chicago resident was one of many people with disabilities who spoke to The Associated Press this week about accessibility problems at the Paralympic Games in South Korea's rural east, despite what organizers described as a "perfectly" organized event that provided the "highest level" of access.
"I felt like my walker was on waves," laughed Mitchell, an accomplished women's sled hockey player who came to the games as a spectator. "There were other people with crutches and they were struggling to walk because of uneven surface. Some of the (sidewalk) stones were falling out -that wasn't the best."
When the Paralympics ended Sunday with the closing ceremony at the soon-to-be-demolished Olympic Stadium, South Korea faced questions about the event's legacy.
Officials had said the Paralympics will help transform one of the nation's poorest and most underdeveloped areas into a safer and more accessible place for disabled people. That would be a meaningful statement in a country where, even in richer areas such as Seoul, the disabled continue to face what critics say amount to social segregation. Inaccessibility to quality education and jobs and even basic functions such as transport has made it extremely difficult for many to maintain lives outside of institutions.
But to many of the disabled visitors at Pyeongchang and nearby Gangneung, which hosted the hockey and curling events, the games felt like a missed opportunity.
Their list of complaints illustrated a harsh space for people dependent on devices like wheelchairs, crutches and prosthesis:
Cramped and bumpy sidewalks; poorly-designed curb cuts; steep stairs; remote bus stops; tiny bathrooms; absence of handrails or back support on toilets; narrow and steep ramps; steps in front of stores; small doorways; clogged pathways; lack of tables and chairs at traditional floor-seating restaurants.
"Not one thing has been comfortable," said Lee Tae-shik, 63, as he waited for a game outside the Gangneung Hockey Center. Lee, who traveled from the western port city of Incheon with his wife, has been using a wheelchair since 1988 when an injury impaired his legs. He talked about the difficulty of moving between Pyeongchang and Gangneung, the far-flung bus stops, the exhausting trips up the steep slopes where the stadiums were.
South Korea has spent about $13 billion on the Winter Olympics and Paralympics, including millions of dollars to redesign dozens of public bathrooms with ramps and handrails. Kim Sung-soo, a 54-year-old Gangneung resident, didn't think the money was well spent. He fumed about the public bathrooms near the stadiums, which he said barely fits conventional wheelchairs but not larger motorized chairs like his.
"Once I get in, there's not enough space for me to turn and move into the stall," said Kim, who lost the use of his legs after contracting polio as a child. "It's been like this for decades - this city never budges for an inch beyond what it's legally required to do when it comes to disabled people. How hard could it be to make bathrooms just a little bit bigger?"
Finding a place to eat can turn into a frustrating adventure when so many restaurants lack adequate tables and chairs.
"We have people with us with spinal cord injuries - they can't get out of their wheelchairs, they can't eat at that restaurant," Mitchell said. "Getting into restaurants, no one really has a ramp to help them get in. If there's one step, they can't get in."
She also saw lapses in safety standards among workers, such as transport staff throwing or cramming wheelchairs into buses.
"Not everyone's brakes were working, so wheelchairs were like flying everywhere," she said.
Koo Ja-cheon, an official from Gangwon Province, which governs Pyeongchang and Gangneung, said the games have been a learning process. He said the provincial government will explore ways to use the experience to improve the lives of its disabled residents. Future steps may include strengthening accessibility requirements for buildings and facilities, acquiring more low-floor buses to accommodate wheelchair users and creating more "accessibility maps" for smartphones, he said.
"The games have been an opportunity for us to think about things we never knew or previously never thought about," Koo said. "Now we are thinking about ramps and tables. It will be a matter of getting that different perspective into policy."
Gangwon had offered up to 7 million won ($7,000) each to restaurants and motels to revamp for the Olympics and Paralympics, such as renovating bathrooms and hallways, converting floor-seating to tables and chairs, widening doorways and adding other features to accommodate wheelchair users. But many local businesses refused to make the changes, saying that the money officials were offering wasn't enough. Others questioned why they need to change so much just for a few weeks in February and March.
The places that did make the changes weren't always accessible, according to the Human Rights Forum of Persons with Disabilities in Korea. After reviewing 251 restaurants and motels in Pyeongchang, Gangneung and neighboring Jeongseon that used the government subsidies to renovate from December to January, the forum rated only 94 of them as accessible to wheelchair users. When counting out the places wheelchair users couldn't realistically enter without a helper - because of steep ramps and stairs, narrow doorways and passageways, uneven floors and other obstructions - the number of accessible businesses dropped to 27, according to the forum's report published earlier this month.
Moon Ae-rin, a Seoul-based activist who spent several days at the Paralympics, said South Korea has failed to use the games to make lasting changes that would truly raise awareness of disability rights issues and highlight the bigger role people with disabilities can play in an inclusive society.
Moon, who has cerebral palsy and uses a motorized wheelchair, is one of the country's most vocal advocates of accessibility rights for the disabled. She has been arrested or thrown off her wheelchair several times during protests at bus terminals and subway stations calling for safer and more accessible transport for disabled people.
In Pyeongchang, she found it insulting that nearly all of the low-floor buses used to transport wheelchair users and other disabled spectators around Paralympic areas were borrowed from the capital Seoul. This likely caused serious inconvenience to disabled people in Seoul who mainly rely on such vehicles amid limited transport options, Moon said. According to Paralympic organizers and Seoul City, 44 of the 48 low-floor buses operating for the games were from Seoul.
"Gangwon didn't want to make permanent changes - all it wanted to do is get through a temporary event," Moon said. "Once the buses leave town, there will not be a single thing left for the area's disabled residents that's good."
Not everyone was unhappy.
Tomoko Inujima, a wheelchair user from Tokyo who came to the games with her husband, said she ran into trouble entering restaurants and stores. However, she said the help from volunteer workers and local residents, who she found attentive and supportive, more than made up for it.
"I am quite satisfied," she said.
Park Mi-ae, a 53-year-old Gangneung resident who came to a hockey game on crutches while recovering from a foot injury, hoped that the experience of accommodating a large number of disabled people and athletes will help make her city a safer and friendlier place for the disabled. The thousands from across the country who volunteered for the games could help initiate changes at their homes too, she said.
"The injury has forced me into the life of a disabled person and I think I am really beginning to understand what they go through," Park, a school teacher, said. "The bus stops are always too far. There are not enough automatic doors. The curb cuts are badly done. The steps are too high."
___
Follow Kim Tong-hyung on Twitter at @KimTongHyung.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A new report finds that, under the guise of “personalized learning,” school-issued computer devices — now distributed to one-third of K-12 students in schools across the United States — are serving to collect and store an unprecedented amount of personal data on children without their parents' notice or consent.
A newly released investigation by Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reveals student use of technology in school has grown at a profound rate, especially with free or low-fee devices issued by schools.
The education technology industry, according to the report, is now valued at over $8 billion.
Approximately half of the devices issued to U.S. children are Google Chromebooks, with about 30 million students, teachers, and school officials using Google's G Suite for Education, observes EFF.
Student information collected by education technology services through these devices includes not only personally identifying information (PII) – such as name and date of birth – but also browsing history, location information, contact lists, and behavioral data.
Student data is also often automatically uploaded to the cloud – all without the knowledge of parents.
In 2012, Jose Ferreira, CEO of ed tech company Knewton, observed in a video at the U.S. Education Department's Office of Educational Technology, “Education happens to be, today, the world's most data mineable industry by far… Education beats everything else, hands down.”
Because the data collected is labeled necessary for “individualized” instruction, parents who do become aware of the mining and wish to have their children opt out of the collection are often unable to do so. In fact, many of these parents are painted as “paranoid” and behind the times.
“We were given no information about our first-grader receiving a tablet this year,” one Maryland parent responded to EFF's parent survey regarding transparency. “And when we ask questions, there is little information given at every level.”
Learn how @SVVSD created a system to support personalized learning from start to finish: https://t.co/lOWAec07J5 #Suptchat #Edtechchat — Office of Ed Tech (@OfficeofEdTech) April 12, 2017
“I have never received any written policy about how many apps the school uses and how they collect student data,” a North Carolina charter school parent said in response to EFF's survey. She added:
The district maintains a website for parents to obtain information regarding technology in the classroom, but I have not found anything there about student privacy. When we asked for the apps that the school was using, we were hoping to see in writing what they're using. Instead, we got a short, verbal list—but when we look at our son's iPad, we see a lot more programs than what they told us about.
“In short, technology providers are spying on students—and school districts, which often provide inadequate privacy policies or no privacy policy at all, are unwittingly helping them do it,” EFF asserts regarding its investigation into 152 education technology services.
The report addresses ed tech companies' failure to regulate themselves with regard to student data privacy as well as the major loophole in the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA).
Students' worry ed technology might predict failure before they have chance to succeed https://t.co/A3nJ9a9oQs #PersonalizedLearning #Data pic.twitter.com/yRVqIvw2GG — cheri kiesecker (@cherkies) March 5, 2017
Colorado parent activist Cheri Kiesecker says Big Data has been given free rein under the guises of both “personalized learning programs” and workforce development, with both Democratic and Republican lawmakers on board with the program.
“There is no evidence that these online ‘personalized' programs accurately measure or predict,” Kiesecker tells Breitbart News. “In fact we see quite the opposite. Algorithms are often biased and wrong. So why are we pushing online learning in classrooms? Data is money.”
“Personalized learning” includes the collection of children's social, emotional, and psychological data. In a column at the Atlanta Journal-Constitution, American Principles Project senior fellow Jane Robbins notes the collection of social and emotional learning (SEL) data is promoted in the federal Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA):
This trend is bolstered by the recent fed-ed bill, the Every Student Succeeds Act, which encourages schools to include such non-academic measures in their accountability ratings. It's bad enough that the feds demand accountability – which should be to parents, not federal or state bureaucrats – but it's even worse that they dictate how that accountability should look. So much for the bi-partisan propaganda that ESSA ended federal education mandates.
Pediatrician Dr. Karen Effrem is president of Education Liberty Watch and executive director of the Florida Stop Common Core Coalition. In a column at the National Pulse, she observes that organizations such as the National Association of State Boards of Education and the American School Counselors Association openly acknowledge that a primary purpose of the Common Core State Standards is “to mold and profile students' attitudes, beliefs and behavior — through what's called social emotional learning (SEL) or ‘21st Century Skills.'”
“The Every Student Succeeds Act requires other factors besides student achievement in their mandated accountability plan, which is a wide gateway for social emotional assessment and data collection,” Effrem tells Breitbart News. “State (Common Core) Assessments and The National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) – also known as The Nation's Report Card – are already starting to include mindset and school climate questions either as surveys or as part of the tests themselves.”
In a recent episode of CRTV's Michelle Malkin Investigates, the conservative author and commentator asserts, “Rather than protecting student privacy, the government is a complicit partner in eroding it. We've gone from No Child Left Behind to Every Child Data Mined.”
Malkin details the data-mining situation:
Every webpage viewed, every answer given, every grade received becomes part of a digital digest of students' interests, thoughts, abilities, and conduct. And that data doesn't always stay in the classroom. More and more, big corporations are gaining access. At first glance it's just information broken down into strings of numbers stored on a computer. The corporations ask for the data and offer the very computers and apps the students use in class as an incentive to hand it over. Data for dollars might seem like a fair trade until you realize tech companies are taking advantage of our youngest and most vulnerable population, our kids.
Malkin, too, stresses the role of the federal government in the collection of private student data:
The government is not only joining in but also encouraging and mining the data of our children. Washington meddlers are already on the ground and in our schools gathering intimate information on your family. Through Common Core, the feds are funding and mandating invasive longitudinal databases, collecting highly personal information. It's data they'll have forever, data that can never be unseen, your children's privacy ripped away as they tracked from womb to tomb.
Grassroots parent activists battling against the Common Core standards in their individual states say the Trump administration would show it stands up for parental rights by reversing the Obama administration's regulatory gutting of FERPA.
The former president's deputies in the federal education department essentially nullified FERPA by forbidding parents the ability to sue a school that discloses their children's personal data.
“The changes that weakened FERPA need to be repealed,” Kiesecker says. “We need to reinstate parental consent before their children's personal information is marketed, and offered up to researchers and corporations. Parents and students should be able to own and control their own data.”
In this Wednesday, May 30, 2018, photo, people walk by an electronic display panel advertising a video footage of China trade business on a street in Beijing. China has criticized proposed U.S. investment controls as a violation of global trade rules and says it reserves the right to retaliate if they take effect. (AP Photo/Andy Wong)
In this Wednesday, May 30, 2018, photo, people walk by an electronic display panel advertising a video footage of China trade business on a street in Beijing. China has criticized proposed U.S. investment controls as a violation of global trade rules and says it reserves the right to retaliate if they take effect. (AP Photo/Andy Wong)
BEIJING (AP) - China's government said Thursday it reserves the right to retaliate if Washington goes ahead with proposed investment controls Beijing said violate global trade rules.
The Commerce Ministry's comment came as the two sides prepared for weekend talks in Beijing on American complaints about China's trade surplus and Beijing's promise to buy more American goods.
The White House announced plans this week to restrict Chinese investment in the United States and purchases of high-tech goods. It renewed threats to impose 25 percent tariffs on $50 billion of Chinese goods in response to complaints Beijing steals or pressures foreign companies to hand over technology.
Such curbs would violate the "rules and basic spirit" of the World Trade Organization, said a Commerce Ministry spokesman, Gao Feng.
"The Chinese side will carefully evaluate the U.S. measures and reserves the right to take corresponding measures," Gao said at a regular briefing.
Meanwhile, the ministry said a team of more than 50 American officials was meeting with Chinese officials to prepare for the talks due to start Saturday involving Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
* TSX rises 93.57 points, or 0.6 percent, to 15,600.04
* Eight of the TSX's 10 main groups move higher
TORONTO, April 28 Canada's main stock index rose on Friday as natural resource stocks led a broad rally on a mix of higher commodity prices and positive corporate earnings.
Gold miner Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd surged 9.3 percent to C$64.54 after beating profit and revenue estimates and upping its production forecast after the bell on Thursday.
The broader materials group, which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies, added 2.3 percent, with gold and copper prices both moving higher.
The energy group climbed 1.5 percent as oil prices rose from a one-month low, with Suncor Energy Inc, the country's largest oil and gas producer, up 2.2 percent to C$42.65.
Suncor posted a profit beat late on Wednesday and said it planned to buy back shares.
At 11:00 a.m. ET (1500 GMT), the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index rose 93.57 points, or 0.6 percent, to 15,600.04. Eight of its 10 main sectors gained.
The index is on track to end flat over the course of the week.
The most influential weights on the index included Cameco Corp, which fell 7.5 percent to C$13.21 after the world's second-biggest uranium producer posted a bigger-than-expected quarterly loss, partly hurt by the termination of a contract by the operator of Japan's wrecked Fukushima nuclear plant.
Bombardier Inc also fell, down 4.1 percent to C$2.11 after Boeing asked the U.S. government to investigate alleged subsidies and unfair pricing of the Canadian planemaker's new CSeries airplane.
Beleagured alternative mortgage lender Home Capital Group fell 2.1 percent to C$7.85 as depositors withdrew more cash, from savings accounts that help fund its mortgage book, although the pace of exits had slowed.
"It may be a great buying opportunity for someone, either on the long side or outright as an acquisition, but you got to know what's in that book, said John Stephenson, president at Stephenson & Company Capital Management.
The financials group gained 0.6 percent.
The Canadian economy stalled in February after a healthy start to the year but is still on track to meet and possibly exceed the Bank of Canada's forecast for first-quarter annualized growth, analysts said. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp and Fergal Smith; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
© Flickr/ Michael Linden Chicago Record: Four Days Without Deadly Shooting
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Chicago is one of the most violent cities in the United States, and the homicide rate in the city has significantly increased in 2016.
The number of people killed in 2016 exceeds the one reported in 2015 by 262, according to a report by the Brennan Center for Justice.
“Chicago murder rate is record setting — 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help,” Trump said on Twitter.
In 2000 America let George Bush start his first 4four years to lead us hoping he had a plan to better our country. What we got was a war and many rights taken from us and many more changes to help the rich to become richer without paying taxes. Oh I almost forgot, we also got a war that many says was over a businessdeal his father had screwed the Binloden family out of millions of dollars. But yet we elected him for a second term, or at least after he fixed the Florida ballet box in his favor. So now not happy with one war he started a second war. While we were all trying to see if either war was legal. The republican party running or leadership brought the largest and strongest country in the world to the edge of bankruptcy, while pulling most Americans and most the other free trade nations down the tube with us. Their answer was to bail out the banks and latter the car companies with tax dollars. Now the same party is playing with the world economy saying if we do not let the filthy rich keep all the gains they have stolen from the people of this and many other countries they will brake the American finance market and wit it's taking the world market with us. I fell that maybe there is no Americans among them and maybe America would be better off scrapping the second party putting them all on a four year pay suspension until They make America their first commitment then the American people then maybe business and then if there is any room then play for the rich. We need to make the vvoice of the true Americana's herd not theft of a fake Tea Party who get their money and ideas from the rich who are hiding in their shadows.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) – Tennessee is joining more than a dozen other states in urging an appeals court to reinstate President Donald Trump's revised travel ban.
State Senate Majority Leader Mark Norris, a Collierville Republican considering a bid for governor next year, lauded Attorney General Herbert Slatery's office for filing a brief with the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco.
The states argue the ban falls within the president's authority to block foreigners from the U.S. They also reject the argument that it targets Muslims.
Norris last year sponsored legislation to allow the General Assembly to hire its own attorneys to file a legal challenge seeking to halt the federal refugee resettlement program in Tennessee after Slatery and Gov. Bill Haslam declined to sue over the issue.
FILE- In this May 16, 2017 file photo, Maria Herrera, a mother who became active in the search for Mexico's missing after four of her sons disappeared, weeps after speaking about murdered journalist Javier Valdez during a protest against the killing of reporters, in front of the Interior Ministry in Mexico City. Mexico's interior Alfonso Navarrete Prida said via Twitter late Monday, April 23, 2018, that federal authorities have arrested a suspect in the killing of internationally recognized journalist Javier Valdez. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell, File)
FILE- In this May 16, 2017 file photo, Maria Herrera, a mother who became active in the search for Mexico's missing after four of her sons disappeared, weeps after speaking about murdered journalist Javier Valdez during a protest against the killing of reporters, in front of the Interior Ministry in Mexico City. Mexico's interior Alfonso Navarrete Prida said via Twitter late Monday, April 23, 2018, that federal authorities have arrested a suspect in the killing of internationally recognized journalist Javier Valdez. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell, File)
MEXICO CITY (AP) - Mexico's national security commissioner says respected journalist Javier Valdez was killed last year because of his work.
National Security Commissioner Renato Sales also said Tuesday at a brief news conference that the arrest of a suspect in Valdez's killing was achieved without force. The government announced late Monday that a Sinaloa cartel member known by the nickname "Koala" was arrested in Tijuana.
Weeks before his murder, Valdez interviewed Damaso Lopez, who had been Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman's right-hand man leading the Sinaloa cartel. At the time, Lopez was battling Guzman's sons for control of the cartel.
Valdez's colleagues and journalism advocates called on the government Tuesday to continue pursuing the mastermind of the May 15, 2017, slaying in the western city of Culiacan.
Northumbria Police's Chief Constable has paid tribute to Vera Baird after she was made a Dame in the Queen's New Year's honours list.
The Police and Crime Commissioner for Northumbria received the honour in recognition of services to the cause of women and equality.
Keith Loraine, Isos Housing Groups outgoing chief executive.
Chief Constable Steve Ashman said: “I am delighted that Vera is to be awarded in this way.
“It is a fitting tribute – not just for her work as a Police and Crime Commissioner, but for the many years of determined effort she has put into challenging inequality and championing equal rights.
“She is a hugely committed public servant who passionately cares about her work and it is absolutely right that she receive such recognition.”
The recipients of an OBE in the New Year's honours list included Isos Housing Group's outgoing chief executive Keith Loraine.
The 62-year-old formally stepped down from his role at Isos yesterday, December 31, having led the group and one of its founding partners, Enterprise 5, for a period of 24 years.
During this time, he led the growth of the social landlord from owning and managing less than 1,000 homes to more than 17,000 homes – including hundreds in Northumberland and North Tyneside.
Beyond his responsibilities with Isos, he has always been a dedicated advocate for the housing association sector as a whole, at one time as a board member of the National Housing Federation and chairing its Supported Housing Committee, and also being an active member of the CBI and the North East Chamber of Commerce.
Mr Loraine, who grew up in Sunderland, has used his influence to promote a wider understanding of the work of housing associations, playing a leading role on behalf of housing and construction sectors in the submission to the Adonis Review of the North East economy, and he has led the sector in its engagement with the North East Combined Authority.
Paul Fiddaman, new chief executive of Isos Housing Group, said: “Keith has devoted his career to improving the circumstances and life chances of some of society's most vulnerable people and has been an excellent ambassador for the housing sector and the North East region.”
K Major Site Donor
Join Date: Jan 2013 Location: Bedford, TX Posts: 5,683 Blog Entries: 1
Sean Payton: Report I discussed future with Mickey Loomis is completely false
Holder also reported that Payton and Loomis met for an hour after the teams loss to the Falcons to discuss the coachs future. On Monday, though, Payton called that part of the report completely false and explained that his meeting with Loomis after the game was exactly the same as the meetings the two men have had after road games during their time together in New Orleans.
Sean Payton: Report I discussed future with Mickey Loomis is “completely false” | ProFootballTalk On Sunday, a report from Larry Holder of the New Orleans Times-Picayune said the Rams are expected to ask for permission to speak to Sean Payton about their head coaching vacancy and that Saints General Manager Mickey Loomis is open to the idea of trading Payton to L.A.Holder also reported that Payton and Loomis met for an hour after the teams loss to the Falcons to discuss the coachs future. On Monday, though, Payton called that part of the report completely false and explained that his meeting with Loomis after the game was exactly the same as the meetings the two men have had after road games during their time together in New Orleans.
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) - Dutch police say they shot and wounded a man who was standing on the balcony of a residential apartment block and reportedly was waving an ax and shouting "Allahu akbar."
In a series of tweets, Rotterdam police say the shooting happened early Wednesday afternoon in Schiedam when police tried unsuccessfully to calm the man. When an arrest team entered the apartment, the man attempted to attack them and injured a police dog.
Police say they are investigating the man's background. His identity was not released.
The confrontation came a day after a man in Belgium attacked and killed two female police officers and fatally shot a passer-by.
As a demonstration of the determination of the Federal government to ensure that the country achieves self sufficiency in food production, Acting President Yemi Osinbajo on Tuesday August 1st 2017, officially commissioned the state-of-the-art WACOT Rice processing mill in Argungu, Kebbi State.
The Acting President, who was accompanied by the Kebbi state governor, Senator Abubakar Atiku Bagudu and the other 23 members of the Progressive Governors Forum, lauded the contributions of WACOT Ltd to the economic growth of the country through its various agricultural initiatives.
The Acting President further told the dignitaries present that his visit to the Rice Mill is an eloquent demonstration of the importance the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration places on its vision for food security, job creation and import substitution.
He commended TGI Group, the parent company of WACOT Rice Ltd for establishing the ultra modern, top quality rice processing mill in the country and promised that the Federal Government would continue to intensify efforts in the area of ease of doing business, by creating an enabling environment for businesses to operate and grow. This he believes, will help the private sector and ultimately the Nigerian economy thrive.
His words: “This mill is important for several reasons. Firstly it underscores the policies of the Federal Government that it is the private sector that must be the engine of development. The private sector being the engine of development is not just having the sector grow but the growth must be growth with jobs, the development we are talking about is growth with jobs. We have seen a lot of jobless growth in some sector of the economy with a lot of revenue coming in but with very few jobs.
With this Rice Mill, Several thousands of our farmers have been engaged in farming, this is a growth with job and the Group Managing Director has assured me that in a couple of years, they expect to have engaged 50,000 more farmers. This is the kind of private sector led growth that we want to see”.
Acting President Osinbajo while on a tour of the facility after declaring the factory officially open, saw the heaps of paddy already procured and ready for processing. These were procured from the local farmers through WACOT's out-grower scheme.
In his welcome address, the Group Managing Director of TGI Group, Mr. Rahul Savara, thanked the Acting President for his visit adding that the company is a strong believer in this administration's vision of attaining food self-sufficiency and diversification. He noted that the support received from government at all levels has been the source of motivation for the company to keep investing in the Agricultural sector.
“We are grateful that you have joined us on this very special day. For us, this is a source of encouragement to do more. And Your Excellencies, we assure you that we will do much more”, Savara said.
“The rice mill being the first to be conceived and constructed in this administration, is also the largest parboiled rice mill in Africa. This state-of-the-art rice mill with a capital outlay of over =N= 10 Billion capable of processing over 120,000 metric tonnes of paddy per annum will create over 3,500 direct and indirect jobs. ”
He further revealed that the total investment so far exceeds N10bn, and that the company's focus covered the entire rice value chain, from seed multiplication to improving farming practices, processing, branding and distribution of the rice, with plans to invest another N100 billion over the next years, in other agricultural value chain items.
He stated that the rice paddy which will be used at the mill will be sourced only from local farmers, as is the business model of the Group's agricultural operations across Africa. The model which focuses on sustainability has seen the company invest in building farmers' capacity in good farming practices and business management,through farmers' business schools, to achieve consistency in quality supply.This initiative will touch a minimum of 50,000 farmers.
“We have trained over 5,000 small-holder rice farmers on good farming practices, financial management, production cost optimization and yield enhancement techniques. We also engage with the farmers through our demonstration farms – working closely with them from seed to yield.”
On quality, Mr. Savara said WACOT Rice has the capacity to produce world class rice that could be compared with those produced anywhere in the world because it has state-of-the-art equipment needed to produce high quality rice.
He used the opportunity to appreciate the effort of the federal government for its various initiatives in support of agriculture through the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) which has made it possible for the sector to further make possible the achievement of the food-self sustainability and economic diversification vision. “We believe that Nigeria can and should not only feed itself, but can also export its surplus production to other countries. It has been done before. And there is nothing stopping us from doing it again”, He said.
Comments
comments
France's President Francois Hollande stands with European Council President Donald Tusk during a EU summit in Brussels, Belgium April 29, 2017. Reuters/Eric Vidal
BRUSSELS European Union leaders unanimously and rapidly agreed on guidelines for the bloc's negotiations with Britain over its withdrawal from the bloc, summit chair Donald Tusk said on Saturday.
"Guidelines adopted unanimously. EU27 firm and fair political mandate for the Brexit talks is ready," Tusk said in a tweet not long after the summit of EU leaders began.
Officials said the approval took about a minute and was followed by applause from the leaders.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker also issued a tweet saying: "Unity in action."
The EU's Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, is expected to launch talks with Britain on its withdrawal from the EU in June, after Britain's parliamentary election.
(Reporting By Philip Blenkinsop; Editing by Alastair Macdonald)
The President on Saturday let flow his impression of the so-called Nunes memo, which he declassified the previous day and which has been used by Republicans to claim anti-Trump bias at the FBI and Department of Justice.
In reality, the memo does not support those claims.
Trump also bragged about his rising approval rating in one poll, from Rasmussen, which has consistently scored Americans' attitudes of him higher than other polls.
Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Election, and higher than certain “sacred cows.” Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2018
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2018
It wasn't immediately clear who the President meant to refer to as “sacred cows.” On Friday night, Fox News host Laura Ingraham used the term to refer to the intelligence community, or “the deep state,” as she said.
READING, Pa. (AP) — Albert Boscov was the public face of a department store chain he built from a single corner store in downtown Reading, Pennsylvania, to a regional powerhouse with locations in seven states and more than $1 billion in annual sales.
After his death Friday at age 87, Boscov leaves behind a chain with devoted customers and a tremendous amount of civic goodwill. But the century-old company still faces the headwinds that are buffeting the industry. Analysts say Boscov's long-term prospects are uncertain.
Few department stores have been more closely identified with their owners than Boscov's was with Albert Boscov, a cheerful executive who roamed the store aisles and was intimately familiar with his merchandise.
His nephew, who took over as CEO in 2015, says Boscov's will remain in the family.
Comments
comments
CHESHIRE, Conn. (AP) - Officials from across the nation are checking out a Connecticut prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders.
Connecticut prison officials are showing off the TRUE Unit on Wednesday at the Cheshire Correctional Institution. It houses 18- to 25-year-old inmates along with older mentors, some of whom are serving life sentences.
The unit is based on a prison in Germany and focuses on education, family and skill development. Correction Commissioner Scott Semple says the idea is to create an environment that supports inmates whose brains are still developing.
The unit had been scaled back from a planned prison for young adults due to budget cuts. It has been open for about a year and will soon expand to the state's prison for women.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Forest Green Rovers are officially safe from relegation in League Two after a goalless draw at Yeovil Town
The result took them seven points clear of 23rd placed Barnet with two matches remaining, meaning Mark Cooper's side can look forward to a second season in Football League in 2018/19.
The point also means Yeovil, above Rovers on goal difference are mathematically safe going into their final pair of fixtures.
Forest Green travel to second placed Luton Town on Saturday before ending the campaign with a home match against Grimsby Town on May 5.
Bishop's Cleeve have hope going into the final day of the season
A 3-2 win at Gloucestershire rivals Shortwood United, coupled with a 5-1 defeat at North Leigh for Barnstaple Town, means Bishop's Cleeve could still pull off the most unlikely of escapes in Southern League Division One West.
They are two points behind Barnstaple with one to play, so they have to win at Yate Town on Saturday and hope that Barnstaple lose at Swindon Supermarine. Those two outcomes would see Cleeve climb above the Devon club and preserve their Southern League status.
The Mitres' goals at Meadowbank were scored by the returning Elliot Kennedy, Jack Watts and Mike Ford.
Boss Steve Cleal said: "I am absolutely delighted. We have done ever so well to put ourselves into the position we have going into the last game of the season.
"To go to Yate Town and have a chance of staying up is unbelievable when you consider we had five points at Christmas and were a long way off."
Cirencester Town's late play-off push still alive with one to play
A superb 2-1 victory at Winchester City, courtesy of goals from Ben Whitehead and Alex Albert, ensured Cirencester Town can still reach the Southern League Division One West play-offs.
Centurions goalkeeper Mat Wieczorek saved two penalties to help his side continue an incredible run of results in the second half of the campaign as they moved into the play-off places for the first time this season.
They round things off against Shortwood United on Saturday, knowing another three points could be enough to secure a top six finish, depending on other results.
Evesham now know they need a point at home to AFC Totton to guarantee a play-off finish for the third time in four seasons, while a win would ensure home advantage in the semi-finals.
Elsewhere on Tuesday night, Cinderford Town continued their impressive form with a 2-0 home win over Bristol Manor Farm, both goals coming from Richard Greaves to dent the visitors' own play-off chances.
Slimbridge were beaten 9-0 at champions Taunton Town.
Remaining Southern League Division One West fixtures
Thursday
Cinderford Town v Bideford
Kidlington v Shortwood Unied
Larkhall v Yate Town
North Leigh v Didcot Town
Saturday
Bideford v Winchester City
Bristol Manor Farm v Salisbury
Cinderford Town v Taunton Town
Didcot Town v Paulton Rovers
Evesham United v AFC Totton
Kidlington v Mangotsfield United
North Leigh v Larkhall Athletic
Shortwood United v Cirencester Town
Swindon Supermarine v Barnstaple Town
Wimborne Town v Slimbridge
Yate Town v Bishop's Cleeve
Gloucestershire County League results
AEK Boco 0 Thornbury Town 1 (Thornbury are champions)
Frampton United 0 Patchway Town 0
Rockleaze Rangers 4 Lebeq United 2
Listen to DRIVE MORNINGS with Matt & Ryan between 6a-10a April 24-28 for a chance to win a pair of passes to opening night of Guardians of The Galaxy Vol. 2 in Red Deer! You'll have assigned seats for the May 5th 7:20pm screening in Gasoline Alley!
× About THAT hat Melania Trump is wearing
WASHINGTON –First lady Melania Trump turned heads in her white chapeau Tuesday as the administration hosted its first official state visit with France.
Her crisp white $2,195 Michael Kors Collection belted asymmetric crepe blazer and skirt suit. Stealing the show, however was wide-brimmed white hat, designed by Hervé Pierre, according to a White House official. Pierre has acted as personal stylist for the first lady in the past; he designed her inaugural gown.
Tuesday's white ensemble stood out on the gray Washington day as President Donald Trump and the first lady hosted a traditional state arrival ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House.
White is a favorite color of the first lady; she memorably wore a white Dior pantsuit to this year's State of the Union address. The color is also a symbol of women's suffrage.
French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte, who also wore white, were greeted with a traditional “review of the troops.” Following the arrival ceremony, Melania Trump and Brigitte Macron will tour the National Gallery of Art together.
Joining the Macrons for dinner at Mount Vernon Monday evening, Trump paid homage to French fashion, wearing a Givenchy wool tuxedo cape. Underneath, she stuck with a favorite fashion house, Dolce & Gabbana.
Details on Trump's gown for Tuesday's state dinner will be released later in the evening.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The Trident II D5 is the latest generation of the US Navy's submarine-launched ballistic missiles and has a range of 7,359 km (4,573 miles).
It is a three-stage, solid-fueled submarine-launched intercontinental-range ballistic missile with a range of nearly 8,000 miles.
"Lockheed Martin Space Systems Co., Sunnyvale, California, is being awarded $540,834,051 to a previously awarded contract for Trident II (D5) missile production and deployed system support," the release said on Tuesday.
Work will be performed in as many as 15 US states and is expected to be completed by September 30, 2021, according to the release.
The missile is currently deployed by the United Kingdom on its Vanguard class submarines. It is also deployed on the US Navy's Ohio and newer Columbia class nuclear missile submarines.
Summary- With the unknown powers, common people can't fight but you need to take the help of those who could give you remedies for fighting with unknown and unseen powers. Use remedies recommended by professionals.
Life is uncertain and it has become pretty tough to know the reality of what the term life is. Human are facing a lot of problems and troubles in their lives that is making their lives dull and giving them unwanted troubles. Moreover, remedies for such things is pretty harder to find. Money is one of the most important terms of a happy life. Some people used to say that money is not everything but the real fact is that, if you want to survive in this world, it is pretty important to have enough money to survive. It is like the stone of mile that will help you to know your better about the life and its realities. Moreover, the most important thing comes in the form of remedies for these troubles. Sometimes, you may have to face some troubles related to the unknown powers that you can only feel but can't see. These are the black powers affecting your life badly.
Here is Bagulamukhi Jyotish Tantra that can help you to get aware about such unwanted things in your lives. Rajguru Pt. Rajkumar Sharma is one of the most famous astrologers in these aspects that know what is going on in the lives of such people. He will surely give you a better understanding of what is going on in the normal life and you would get to know more about these things. Pt. Rajkumar Sharma is known by their works. You have to think more about this so you could do whatever you want to do. Internal peace is pretty important for a peaceful life and if you are not having this, you won't even able to imagine about a happy life. Moreover, the most important thing comes in the form of helping people. These are the supportive people that will save you from the power of evils and will try making your lives better.
Bagulamukhi Jyotish Tantra is one of the astrologer community that will save you from the unwanted powers of such evils and will also give you a term with the help of that you would be able to save yourself. You need to find astrology remedies for money and finance so you could get something refreshing ideas in this matter. This will surely make your life happier and will give you many chances to fall in a happier life with the positive energy. Rajkumar Sharma is the professional people and with their Mantras, they will surely give you a chance of making your lives better. Take the full support of such people and get these things done in the same manner. Going online is the best option where you can meet with us and get all the remedies of such painful things.
SKOPJE, Macedonia (AP) - A Macedonian court has overturned the more than decade-old terrorism convictions of 10 ethnic Albanian men, many of whom served long prison terms over a mine attack on a NATO vehicle.
The Skopje criminal ruled that there was no evidence linking the men to the 2003 blast in northern Macedonia that killed two Polish soldiers and their Macedonian translator.
Earlier Monday, special prosecutor Katica Janeva had called for them to be cleared.
Four of the men evaded arrest and were convicted in absentia, but the others served between 3.5 and seven years in prison. Their lawyers said the men would now seek compensation.
NATO troops were deployed during ethnic conflict between government forces and ethnic Albanian rebels in 2001. Some stayed on to monitor implementation of the peace deal.
Gene editing has begun to be tested in clinical trials, using CRISPR-Cas9 and other technologies to directly edit DNA inside people's cells, and multiple trials are recruiting or in the planning stages. A new study led by Boston Children's Hospital and the University of Montreal raises a note of caution, finding that person-to-person genetic differences may undercut the efficacy of the gene editing process or, in more rare cases, cause a potentially dangerous "off target" effect.
The study adds to evidence that gene editing may need to be adapted to each patient's genome, to ensure there aren't variants in DNA sequence in or near the gene being targeted that would throw off the technology. Findings appear this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences Early Edition (December 11-15).
"Humans vary in their DNA sequences, and what is taken as the 'normal' DNA sequence for reference cannot account for all these differences," says Stuart Orkin, MD, of Dana-Farber Boston Children's Cancer and Blood Disorders Center and co-corresponding author on the study with Matthew Canver, an MD-PhD student at Harvard Medical School. "We recommend that common variation be taken into account in designing targeting systems for therapeutic editing, to maximize efficacy and minimize potential safety concerns."
The study analyzed 7,444 previously published whole-genome sequences. Based on a list of about 30 disease-related DNA targets that researchers are interested in altering through gene editing, the researchers made a second list of nearly 3,000 guide RNAs (gRNAs). These are bits of genetic code that have been developed to direct CRISPR-Cas9 enzymes to the right editing location on or adjacent to the target, like the address on an envelope.
The team, led by Orkin, Canver and Samuel Lessard of the University of Montreal, then looked to see whether any of the 7,444 individuals carried DNA sequence variants ("letter changes" or insertions/deletions) in the areas the gRNAs are looking for.
"If there are genetic differences at the site that CRISPR reagents are targeting for therapy, you are at risk for decreased efficacy or treatment failure," explains Canver, who conceived and led the study in Orkin's Boston Children's Hospital lab. "A difference in just a single base pair can cause a decrease in binding efficiency due to a mismatch with the guide RNA. Overall, this can cause a reduction in treatment efficacy."
The team found that such occurrences in the genome are not uncommon; about 50 percent of the analyzed gRNAs had the potential to be affected by variants at their target sites. In a few cases, the team found genetic variants that cause DNA sequences in the genome to more closely match a gRNA that could potentially draw it to the wrong place -- resulting in an edit of a gene or other DNA region that's not meant to be targeted.
"In rare cases, there was the potential to create very potent 'off-target' sites - where CRISPR reagents could bind and cut where they're not intended to," says Canver. "If an off-target effect happens to be in, say, a tumor suppressor gene, that would be a big concern."
Although the study looked at CRISPR-Cas9 gene editing, the researchers believe their findings extend to other gene-editing tools such as zinc-finger nucleases (ZFN) and TAL effector nucleases.
"The unifying theme is that all these technologies rely on identifying stretches of DNA bases very specifically," says Canver. "So, a variant that affects the target sequence could reduce guide RNA binding. Variants can also lead to binding at new sites that could potentially cause harm. As these gene-editing therapies continue to develop and start to approach the clinic, it's important to make sure each therapy is going to be tailored to the patient that's going to be treated."
###
Samuel Lessard of the Montreal Heart Institute and Université de Montréal was the study's first author. Co-authors were Laurent Francioli, Jessica Alfoldi, Patrick T. Ellinor and Daniel G. MacArthur of Massachusetts General Hospital and the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, and Jean-Claude Tardif and Guillaume Lettre of the Montreal Heart Institute and Université de Montréal. In addition to their Boston Children's Hospital/Dana-Farber affiliations, Orkin and Canver are members of the Harvard Stem Cell Institute, and Orkin is also a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator.
The study was funded by Genome Canada and Genome Quebec, the Canada Research Chair Program, the MHI Foundation, the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute (P01HL032262) and the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (P30DK049216, F30DK103359).
Boston Children's Hospital, the primary pediatric teaching affiliate of Harvard Medical School, is home to the world's largest research enterprise based at a pediatric medical center. Its discoveries have benefited both children and adults since 1869. Today, more than 2,630 scientists, including nine members of the National Academy of Sciences, 17 members of the National Academy of Medicine and 11 Howard Hughes Medical Investigators comprise Boston Children's research community. Founded as a 20-bed hospital for children, Boston Children's is now a 415-bed comprehensive center for pediatric and adolescent health care. For more, visit our Vector and Thriving blogs and follow us on social media @BostonChildrens, @BCH_Innovation, Facebook and YouTube.
Carolina Panthers running back Jonathan Stewart (28) set a team record for career rushing yardage on Sunday at New England, but didn't make it about him. Charles Krupa AP
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier said Monday that he would step down from one of President Trump's advisory panels, citing “a responsibility to take a stand against violence and extremism” days after a series of racist demonstrations erupted into violence.
SHARE COPY LINK Zion Williamson of Spartanburg Day announces his college commitment to Duke University. Ben Breiner bbreiner@thestate.com
Zion Williamson of Spartanburg Day announces his college commitment to Duke University. Ben Breiner bbreiner@thestate.com
A fishing vessel in danger of sinking was assisted by a Tynemouth RNLI lifeboat earlier today.
The skipper of the trawler Charisma made a distress call to the UK Coastguard at 11.20am after his boat started taking on water, which also disabled his engine.
The two fishermen on board stemmed the water ingress but could not restart the engine – leaving the vessel with its nets still in the water, drifting 12 nautical miles south east of the Tyne piers.
After it was paged by the UK Coastguard's Humber Operations Centre, Tynemouth RNLI launched its all-weather lifeboat seven minutes later, making the best speed to the 9.9m, 15-tonne North Shields-based Charisma.
Due to the risk that the vessel could sink, a Coastguard Rescue Helicopter from Humberside was also tasked. Sea conditions were good, with only a moderate breeze.
The lifeboat reached the stranded fishing boat at 11.58am and the volunteer crew assessed the situation.
Two of the crew boarded the vessel and the lifeboat's portable salvage pump was passed across to them.
They pumped the seawater out of the Charisma and found that there was no more water entering her.
As there was little risk of the boat sinking, the Coastguard Rescue Helicopter was stood down while still en-route.
The fishing vessel was now out of immediate danger, but the lifeboat was unable to tow her and her crew to safety while her nets were in the water, so the lifeboat crew and fishermen attempted to retrieve them by getting power to the fishing boat's winch.
The nets were brought back onto the Charisma at 1pm and the fishermen had managed to restart their engine as a result of attempting to get power to the winch, so instead of towing the trawler, the lifeboat escorted it back to North Shields as a precaution against it taking on water or the engine stopping again.
The lifeboat and Charisma arrived safely at North Shields Fish Quay at 3.05pm and once the fishing boat was on the quay, the lifeboat refuelled and returned to station, arriving at 3.35pm.
Tynemouth RNLI spokesman Adrian Don said: “Initially it was thought that the Charisma could sink and the first priority was to get to the two fishermen on board as fast as possible, so our all-weather lifeboat and a Coastguard Rescue Helicopter were tasked by UK Coastguard as a matter of urgency.
“Thankfully, the fishermen stopped the water leak and got their engine restarted, but were still 12 miles out at sea and at risk of becoming stranded again.
“Our volunteer lifeboat crew members used their training, experience and teamwork to make sure the situation got no worse and to help the fishing boat return to safety.”
The offshore support vessel Highland Prestige was nearby and stood by the Charisma, ready to assist if the situation worsened.
Businesses are being reminded that they need an up-to-date explosives licence if they plan to store and sell fireworks.
With both Bonfire Night and Diwali on the horizon, Tyne and Wear Fire and Rescue Service (TWFRS) is warning that not having a valid licence to store fireworks is a criminal offence and can lead to a unlimited fine, two years imprisonment or both.
TWFRS fire safety inspectors will be carrying out inspections of premises throughout the area to ensure that fireworks are stored legally and safely in accordance with the Explosives Regulations 2014. Where this isn't the case, prosecution will be considered.
All new applications or renewals for a licence to store fireworks are granted by the licensing authority. Once the premises have been subject to a satisfactory inspection by a fire safety officer – usually within 28 days from request an application form will then be given to the applicant so they can apply for a licence.
TWFRS area manager Keith Carruthers said: “Businesses can't take risks with lives and their own livelihoods by storing and selling fireworks both illegally and dangerously. And we're here to help them with the advice they need to pass the necessary inspections.”
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) - An Afghan military spokesman says elite commando units have freed dozens of prisoners held by the Taliban, including women and children, in an early morning operation in southern Helmand province.
The spokesman, Abdul Qadeir Bahadorzai, says Thursday's operation took place in the district of Kajaki and freed 103 people held in two prisons there run by the Taliban. He says four Taliban fighters were killed in the gunbattle.
Bahadorzai says five women and two children were among the freed captives, most of whom were civilians.
Meanwhile, also in Helmand, a district governor says a suicide car bomber wounded six people, including three policemen, on Thursday morning.
Mohammad Salim Roodi says the attack took place in Girishk district when the police tried to stop a suspicious vehicle outside the governor's compound.
BARCELONA, Aug 14 (Reuters) - Real Madrid will appeal Cristiano Ronaldo's second yellow card for diving in the Spanish Super Cup first leg at Barcelona, coach Zinedine Zidane said after the Portuguese showed the best and worst side of his game in Real's 3-1 win.
Ronaldo spent 24 minutes on the pitch after not starting the game at the Nou Camp but still had the biggest impact.
The 32-year-old, who was given a hostile reception by Barça fans as he warmed up before replacing Karim Benzema, hit back moments after Lionel Messi's equaliser with a brilliant strike into the top corner to put Real 2-1 up in the 80th minute.
The Portuguese threw off his shirt after scoring and provocatively held it up to the crowd and was booked.
Two minutes later he was sent off for trying to win a penalty in a challenge from Samuel Umtiti, angrily pushing referee Ricardo De Burgos Bengoetxea before leaving the pitch.
"We played a great game but I am annoyed by Cristiano's sending off," Zidane told a news conference.
"Perhaps it wasn't a penalty but the red card is a little harsh. We can't change it, but we'll try and make sure he plays on Wednesday."
Madrid captain Sergio Ramos also leapt to Ronaldo's defence.
"I think he was caught off balance and he didn't dive," said the defender. "We should try and appeal it. It should be analysed a little more."
Marco Asensio scored Real's third with a stunning long range goal in the 90th minute, giving Madrid a healthy advantage as they seek to win a fourth trophy in four months and earn their first Super Cup since 2012.
"We fought with 10 players, we believed until the end but it's only one game, we have the second leg up next," added Zidane.
Barça coach Ernesto Valverde said his side had not deserved to lose 3-1.
"I don't have the sensation we were as far away from them as the scoreline suggests," he said. "They scored three times, but we played well and had our chances.
"They caught us on the counterattack when it was 1-1 and scored a great goal, and then another one. But it's not just about getting into the danger zone, it's about putting your chances away." (Reporting by Richard Martin)
The Federal Reserve is punishing Wells Fargo.
The Fed said late Friday that it will restrict the bank's growth in light of "widespread consumer abuses," including its notorious fake-accounts scandal.
Wells Fargo won't be allowed to get any bigger than it was at the end of last year until the Fed is satisfied that it has cleaned up its act.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank," outgoing Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen said in a statement. Friday is her last day on the job.
Wells Fargo will replace three board members by April and a fourth by the end of the year. In addition, the bank must improve its risk management.
The bank agreed to the Fed's conditions under what's known as a consent decree.
Related: Elizabeth Warren wants the Wells Fargo board wiped out
In a statement, Wells Fargo said it is "confident" it can meet the Fed's requirements.
Wells Fargo has admitted that its workers responded to wildly unrealistic sales goals by creating 3.5 million potentially fake accounts. The bank has also said it forced up to 570,000 customers into unneeded auto insurance.
--CNNMoney's Matt Egan contributed to this report.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
The Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) will be updating the master plan for Boracay to include the neighboring islands in the Northern Aklan region.
In a statement on Tuesday, April 24, Environment Secretary Roy A. Cimatu said that the revision of the masterplan, which will be undertaken during the six month-long closure, will be done to boost tourism revenues.
“Within that period, we intend to put in place what we might call the ‘First aid' solution to Boracay's problems: […] putting the sewage and solid waste systems in place; demolish illegal structures, whether big or small – in the foreshore, on wetlands, in forest lands or even within road easements,” he added.
The masterplan, which initially only covered Boracay island, will now cover Carabao, Caticlan, Malay and possibly Romblon.
The Boracay island will be closed to tourists starting April 26, Thursday, to allow uninhibited rehabilitation and demolition of illegally-built establishments.
Aside from this, Mr. Cimatu said that the inter-agency task force set up will also cover the tourism program of the island and the welfare of the Atis. — Anna Gabriela A. Mogato
Country stars are coming out in full force to be a part of 1 Night. 1 Place. 1 Time: A Heroes & Friends Tribute to Randy Travis on Feb. 8 at Nashville's Bridgestone Arena.
Travis Tritt, Kane Brown, James Dupre, Scotty McCreery, Joe Nichols, Collin Raye, The Bellamy Brothers and Ricky Traywick have been added to the already stellar lineup that includes Alabama, Kenny Rogers, Rodney Atkins, Chris Janson, Jamey Johnson, Montgomery Gentry, Michael Ray, Ricky Skaggs, Michael W. Smith, The Randy Travis Band, Tanya Tucker and Josh Turner.
More artists will be announced in the coming weeks.
After suffering a massive stroke in 2013, Randy has made remarkable strides toward recovery, recently singing “Amazing Grace” at his Country Music Hall of Fame induction ceremony in October as well as the tagline to his iconic “Forever and Ever, Amen” at the 2016 CMA Awards in November. A portion of the proceeds of the tribute concert will go to the Randy Travis Foundation, a nonprofit that raises money for stroke research and rehabilitation.
Tickets are on sale now at all Ticketmaster locations and the Bridgestone Arena box office.
FBI Director Chris Wray on Friday told bureau employees to “stay laser focused on doing great work” after the release of a dud memo that House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes' (R-CA) staff wrote accusing the FBI and Department of Justice of acting improperly.
“While there's no shortage of opinions about us right now, nobody has the same vantage point on the FBI that I do,” Wray wrote in a memo to FBI employees, according to NBC News. “I wish every American could see what I see.”
He praised employees for having “the highest level of integrity, the strongest work ethic, the greatest consideration and kindness for your FBI family, and a level of fiercely focused professionalism that is unrivaled anywhere in the world.”
“In the end, actions speak louder than words,” Wray wrote. “Talk is cheap; the work you do is what will endure.”
He said there is “real strength in remembering that,” and advised employees to “remember: keep calm and tackle hard.”
× Teen get 13.5 years for shooting students near Graham-Kapowsin High School
TACOMA, Wash. — A 16-year-old boy has been sentenced to more than 13 years in prison for shooting two teenagers last year near a high school in Graham, Washington.
Ronald Ackerson Jr. was sentenced Friday after pleading guilty to first-degree assault and second-degree unlawful gun possession. He was prosecuted as an adult.
“We have zero tolerance for gun violence at or near our schools,” said Prosecutor Mark Lindquist. “We're committed to protecting our youth.”
The 16-year-old and 17-year-old boys wounded in the December shooting near Graham-Kapowsin High School survived the attacked.
In a statement to the court, Ackerson said he fired at least six shots at a crowd from the passenger seat of a car. Students had gathered to watch a fight off school grounds involving his friend.
Ackerson said he did not intend to cause harm.
Two fire engines were sent to a fire at stables in Charlton Kings this evening, but nobody was hurt and no horses were harmed in the blaze.
Two stables at Timbercombe Lane off Little Herberts Road in Charlton Kings, and a horse box caught fire at around 8pm this evening.
A40 Golden Valley bypass shut after woman falls from bridge
Lydia Heywood was returning home from riding her own horse in the area when she saw the fire.
She said: “It's quite serious, I saw it and came over and was one of the first people here. A man next to me called the fire brigade and they sent out two engines and the water carrier.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A spokesperson for Gloucestershire Fire and Rescue Service said: “Stables 10 metres by 20 metres are well alight, but no animals or people are in danger. Two engines and a water carrier were sent just after 8.10pm from Cheltenham Fire station and they are bringing the fire under control.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Meet the CBS 6 News team at the Richmond Women's Health & Fitness Expo Saturday from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Richmond Convention Center. And new this year, you can get help from reporter Shelby Brown and other team members at the CBS 6 Problem Solvers booth.
General expo admission is $3 for adults. Kids 12 and under get in free. (Separate ticket is required to workout with Chris Downing.
WILL WE SEE YOU AT THE EXPO? Let us know if you are "GOING" or are "INTERESTED" on Facebook!
RICHMOND WOMEN'S HEALTH & FITNESS EXPO
Treat yourself to the Richmond Women's Health & Fitness Expo with free health screenings, cooking demos, wine tastings, fitness and spa services, a kid's zone and so much more!
😅Work out with Beachbody's Chris Downing
Meet Olympic gold medalist Christie Pearce Rampone
⚕Free Health Screenings
🍎Healthy living products and services
🍳Cooking Demos
🍷Wine Tastings
💆Spa Zone
😛Kids Zone
📺Meet the CBS 6 News Team
🆘Get help at the CBS 6 Problem Solvers booth
RVAHealthExpo.com
Men and children are welcome at the expo as there is something for everyone to enjoy. General Expo tickets are $3 and are sold at the door. Tickets to work out with Chris Downing are ONLY available online.
RICHMOND CONVENTION CENTER
EXPO ADMISSION
Seventeen years ago, long before he had a beard and a baby girl on the way, Dale Earnhardt Jr. was just a young NASCAR driver looking for his first Cup Series win.
Of course, he wasn't just any new driver. As the son of Dale Earnhardt, arguably the best driver in the sport's history, and a former Xfinity champion, the younger Earnhardt entered the Cup Series facing considerable expectations.
And it didn't take him long to meet those. Just 12 races into his career in NASCAR's top circuit, Earnhardt Jr. made his way to Victory Lane for the first time, winning the DirecTV 500 at Texas Motor Speedway. His father met him in Victory Lane, and that moment has endured for Earnhardt's entire career.
Now fast-forward 17 years to Sunday, when Earnhardt will drive his final race at Texas Motor Speedway. His father won't be there this time, but that memory from all those years ago is still just as vivid as it was that April night.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Just 12 races into his career in NASCAR Cup Series, Dale Earnhardt Jr. made his way to Victory Lane for the first time, winning the DirecTV 500 at Texas Motor Speedway. His father met him in Victory Lane, and that moment has endured for the younger Earnhardt's career. Sharon M. Steinman Fort Worth Star-Telegram
And all of that brings up one question: Can Earnhardt steal one more race before he retires, back at the place when he took the checkered flag for the first time?
Let's not get too crazy and say yes, absolutely Earnhardt can win. Chances are he can't. There's a reason he hasn't won this year, or last year (albeit in a shortened season), and the odds are certainly stacked against him.
But saying he has no chance would also be unfair. Earnhardt has three Top 10 finishes in seven postseason races, compared to three for the rest of the regular season. So, yeah, he's been much better in the playoffs. He even had a chance to win at Talladega a few weeks ago (he ultimately came in seventh), but that race was such a mess that he was lucky just to finish.
Since Texas is another 1.5-mile track, and Martin Truex Jr. has won the past four on such tracks, he's far and away the favorite there, too. There's also Denny Hamlin, Kevin Harvick and seven-time Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson who all will be fighting for a win (and an automatic berth in the championship race in Homestead).
So no, it isn't likely that Earnhardt wins on Sunday. But there are glimmers of hope – his best finish this year was fifth at, you guessed it, Texas, and he's only finished outside the Top 10 there once in the last seven races.
Again, this is probably a long shot. But it's almost too perfect an ending – to bookend his career at the same track – not to want to see Earnhardt running out front in the last few laps.
Cattle are herded into a sale arena at the Oklahoma National Stockyards in Oklahoma City, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Ranchers in the Southwest are already running short on food for their cattle as range conditions have deteriorated and warm-season grasses have yet to start growing due to drought. Some ranchers are searching for available pastures and others are considering downsizing their herds. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
Cattle are herded into a sale arena at the Oklahoma National Stockyards in Oklahoma City, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Ranchers in the Southwest are already running short on food for their cattle as range conditions have deteriorated and warm-season grasses have yet to start growing due to drought. Some ranchers are searching for available pastures and others are considering downsizing their herds. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - Ongoing drought and wildfires have cattle ranchers in at least five Southwestern U.S. states scrambling for hay or pastureland, while others are selling off some of their herds.
Extreme and exceptional drought conditions have contributed to wildfires in Colorado, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas and New Mexico, delaying the growth of or destroying grass and wheat used to feed cattle in spring.
"Finding hay out here in this part of the state is next to impossible," according to rancher Darrel Shepherd of Custer, Oklahoma, about 80 miles (129 kilometers) west of Oklahoma City. "Pastureland is really hard to find right now ... the wheat, with the drought and all, the wheat is no good."
Northwestern Oklahoma and the Oklahoma Panhandle - nearly 20 percent of the state - are rated in exceptional drought, the most severe category. Exceptional drought is also reported in parts of the Texas Panhandle, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico and in Utah and Arizona.
Federal agriculture officials in New Mexico said ranchers may not have feed to maintain their herd sizes and that some are already trimming their herds, while farmers along the Rio Grande are bracing for less water to irrigate their crops.
In northwestern Oklahoma, two large wildfires that burned about 545 square miles (1412 sq. kilometers) destroyed pastures, but rains this past weekend helped firefighters bring the flames under control and began the process of restoring grassland.
"This last weekend was a godsend ... not enough to erase the drought," said Oklahoma State University agricultural economist Derrell Peel. "But it's a first step and the time of year is right for the grass to green up in the next few weeks."
Rains are needed to continue through at least the beginning of June in order to prevent Oklahoma ranchers from being faced with downsizing herds, Peel said, but even if that happens, he doesn't expect any impact on the price of beef.
"I don't think this area is big enough," Peel said. "We're still seeing an increase in beef production" nationwide.
Both Shepherd and Woods County Extension Agent Greg Highfill said ranchers in surrounding states are donating as much hay as possible to help keep livestock fed.
"Because of the drought there isn't as much extra hay to be donated as in other years," according to Shepherd. "People are being very generous and giving what extra hay they have."
Shepherd said he doesn't know where the hay is coming from, but is thankful for what has been provided.
"There's a lot of hay from out of state being shipped in. We don't have all we need but we're getting more in each day," he said. "You just can't thank those people enough."
___
Associated Press writer Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque contributed to this report.
A suburban Kansas City mother has been found competent to stand trial on charges that she gave her three children medication to try and kill them before taking it herself.
The Kansas City Star reports that attorneys for 37-year-old Therese Roever requested a mental evaluation for the Olathe woman. A judge reviewed the results before finding Friday that Roever is able to understand the proceedings and help her attorneys defend her in the attempted capital murder case.
Court documents say two of the children would have died if they hadn't been found and rushed to a hospital. The records also show Roever and her ex-husband have been involved in long-running litigation involving domestic issues, including child custody.
Roever is jailed on $1 million bond.
* PM Orban: Soros-founded college violated regulations
* CEU rejects PM's allegations, says operates lawfully
* New bill lists requirements CEU will struggle to meet
* CEU fate hinges on talks with U.S. government - Orban
By Krisztina Than
BUDAPEST, March 31 Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Friday a Budapest university founded by financier George Soros had "cheated" in awarding its diplomas and violated Hungarian regulations.
Orban, outspoken critic of liberal civil organisations funded by Soros, said the college's fate depended now on talks between Hungary and the United States.
The Central European University (CEU) said it operated lawfully and was accredited to award Hungarian and U.S. degrees.
"The CEU utterly rejects the Prime Minister of Hungary's false allegations that CEU is 'cheating'," CEU said in a statement. "We have been lawful partners in Hungarian higher education for 25 years and any statement to the contrary is false." In an interview on state radio, Orban said the CEU violated rules by issuing diplomas recognised both in Hungary and the U.S. as the university operates exclusively in Hungary and has no campus in the United States.
"Hungary is a sovereign country, it supports knowledge in all cases but does not tolerate cheating," Orban said. "Not even a billionaire can stand above the law, therefore this university must also obey the law," he added.
A year before 2018 elections, Orban has raised the stakes in his fight against civil organisations funded by U.S. financier and philanthropist Soros.
Earlier this week, his government submitted a bill to parliament to regulate foreign universities, which could force the CEU founded by Soros in 1991 out of the country.
Orban said the government would hold negotiations with the U.S. administration about the future of CEU, but there was no need for talks with the university itself.
CEU has said the bill proposed this week was unacceptable and that it threatened academic freedom in Hungary. (Reporting by Krisztina Than; Editing by Ralph Boulton)
Cape Town is fast becoming the tech hub of Africa, Viresh Harduth, Sage's vice president, NCA for Africa and Middle East said on Tuesday. Pictures: David Ritchie/African News Agency (ANA)
CAPE TOWN - Cape Town is fast becoming the tech hub of Africa, Viresh Harduth, Sage's vice president, NCA (new customer acquisition for small and medium businesses) for Africa and Middle East said on Tuesday.
Harduth spoke to Business Report at the Cape Town leg of the Sage Business Sessions at the Century City Convention Centre.
“I do think that in Africa, you have where your city centre's are and the adoption of wifi or fibre is really stepping up, wherever there is connectivity these things are moving very quickly. I think where Africa always has an advantage sometimes is that while the technology is being adopted, something new comes in and you can step-jump. In South Africa, in pockets, it is definitely there, connectivity gives everyone level playing field so when you start seeing more and more free wifi, better connectivity - that's how we will catch up (to the rest of the world),” said Harduth.
He said in terms of innovation South Africa was on par with the rest of the world.
“We are always a better disruptive country in terms of tech,”he said.
Harduth said some of the big global companies such as Google and Facebook were looking to step-jump connectivity in order to provide connectivity from drones that circulate.
“So guys are thinking this all the time. If you look at Google and Facebook, they know that the emerging market is where the new user base is coming from. They are pretty much maxed-out in the developing areas, so I do think they will step-jump. Obviously the faster we can get infrastructure, the better it will be for everyone,” he said.
Harduth said the key message the firm wanted to get across from the business session yesterday was that even though Sage was seen as a traditional provider for accounting and payment solutions, the company was inviting disruptors to come on board.
“You can't do it all yourself, the world is moving very fast. Rather allow them (disruptors) on to a platform, and tell them, you create what you think it should be. I think that's the future of everything... don't restrict your customer's choice... You no longer have to worry about the disruptor, you invite the disruptor to be part of it,” he said.
Harduth said the tech hub start-up space was seeing phenomenal growth in the country.
“I was in Bangalore (India) about three years ago, and they've got the most start-ups... You've got to create that environment for people to create. Cape Town is being quoted as being the new tech hub. Cape Town already has that positive space which people like,” he said.
NORTHBOUND traffic on the Bruce Highway has been delayed after a single vehicle crash at Elimbah.
The Department of Transport and Main Roads has warned of long delays and lane closures after the crash about 10.30am.
The congestion is northbound from Uhlmann Rd, Burpengary, to Elimbah.
Police say that it will be at least another two hours before congestions begins to ease.
For humans, our sense of touch is relayed to the brain via small electrical pulses. Now, University of Colorado Boulder scientists have found that individual bacteria, too, can feel their external environment in a similar way.
In a new study, CU Boulder researchers have demonstrated that E. coli bacteria cells get excited when poked, sending out voltage induced calcium ion signals -- the same way a vertebrate's sensory nervous system works. The results are believed to be the first documented observation of electrical excitability in individual bacteria cells.
The findings, which could advance fundamental bacteria research and may eventually aid drug development for infectious diseases, were published today in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"People typically think that [bacteria] are these little things, that all they are doing is trying to divide and create more energy," said Giancarlo Bruni, a doctoral candidate in CU Boulder's Department of Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Biology and the lead author of the new research. "[But] we're not all that different."
Scientists have long known that bacteria respond to certain chemical cues. Feed them sugar, and their populations explode. Douse them in antibiotics and their cell walls rip apart. More recently, though, scientists have noticed that physical signals, too, seem to activate these microbes. For example, Salmonella become more efficient at infecting human cells when placed on a stiff surface as opposed to a soft one.
"What we think could be happening is that they're using these electrical signals to modify their lifestyle," said Joel Kralj, the senior author of the study and an assistant professor in MCDB and the BioFrontiers Institute.
To study how bacteria feel their surroundings, the team inserted special genes into E. coli bacteria that glow when calcium ions or electricity pulse through them. The cells were placed in a sticky substrate under a microscope. Left alone, the cells remained dim. But when the scientists pushed a pad against them, the bacteria lit up. The sparks of light indicated that proteins, ions and electricity were moving around in the bacteria.
The results indicate that bacteria and other creatures share a common tool for sensing their environment -- an electrical pathway with the same functionality as human sensory neurons. From an evolutionary perspective, this signaling trait could be billions of years old and used by some of the oldest organisms on Earth.
The study also sheds new light on bacterial activity with regard to infection. For example, when exposed to antibiotics, a few bacteria cells with unique electric signals usually survive. These survivors then go on to reproduce and share their drug-resistant capabilities with other bacteria, eventually rendering the antibiotic useless.
The CU Boulder researchers now plan to study how bacteria's electric pulses are used to sense when to infect human cells. In the future, they hope to test for small, masking molecules that can dull these signals when introduced. Such molecules could eventually translate into drugs that help treat bacterial infections and overcome antibiotic resistance.
"If we can block bacterial electrical activity, they may be less likely to infect, because now they don't know that they have landed on your soft delicious gut cell," said Kralj. "We could cut their hands off so they can no longer feel."
###
Additional co-authors of the new study include Andrew Weekley and Benjamin Dodd of MCDB and BioFrontiers. The National Institutes of Health and the Searle Scholars Program provided funding for the research.
If you were in Upshur County around Union Grove High School Wednesday morning, you may have seen a heavy law enforcement presence.
It was just a drill. The Upshur County Sheriff's Department was conducting active-shooter training. Area law enforcement included Gladewater Police and several constables who were preparing for a worst-case scenario. A number of Union Grove staff also took part in the drill.
Any area law enforcement who could respond to the school in a timely manner was involved in the emergency training.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Even if the argument is technically right under a fine-toothed reading of the law, this isn't the way that decisions, especially important ones affecting the recreation areas beloved by some 6 million visitors a year, are supposed to be made.
And it's an interpretation that the Utah state auditor's office isn't buying. An opinion from the auditor's office in October said that state law specifically requires cooperative groups that are funded by public money to comply with the Open and Public Meetings Act.
Underlying all this is years, if not decades, of bad blood between Salt Lake City and county officials and a group of Big Cottonwood Canyon landowners whose activities up the canyons, as I've addressed here before, are suspect and appear to be focused on tearing down anything that could hinder land grabs and development in the canyons.
Mountain Accord officials have said that, despite insisting they weren't required to do so, they did everything they could to comply with the spirit of the Open and Public Meetings Act.
The question, then, becomes: Did they do enough?
I've been covering government at various levels for 20 years, and reporters take open meetings and open records seriously. They're like scripture, meant to be followed, and for good reason. When public officials are using public money or making decisions about public resources, the public should be involved. It's the only way to instill confidence in the system and ensure that the outcomes are on the level.
And the decisions that Mountain Accord reached are not small matters.
They spent nearly $8 million in taxpayer money to formulate recommendations that include designating 80,000 acres of new wilderness in the canyons, executing significant land exchanges between the ski areas and Forest Service to consolidate lands, and rethinking transportation up the canyons.
To their credit, the leaders of Mountain Accord did, as they say, take steps to comply with the spirit of the law.
Beginning in about 2015 they began posting meeting notices on the Mountain Accord website, but that appears to have begun more than a year into the process and two years after its precursor — The Wasatch Summit — held a series of meetings.
Organizers held 23 open houses attended by more than 2,000 people and received 6,000 public comments during the course of their work.
The Accord organizers have also posted notes from the meetings. And in November, Salt Lake County held a public hearing on the contents of the Accord. All of these are extremely positive moves by the parties involved.
So what more is there to be done? Typically, if the Open and Public Meetings Act is violated, any official votes that were taken in violation of the act are voided and have to be redone in a public setting.
But Mountain Accord is officially shut down, state and local leaders having signed off on the agreement. The ink is dry.
Mumbai: Veteran choreographer Saroj Khan's brazen comment that the casting couch "provides livelihood at least" in showbiz received a divided response. For some, it's the bitter truth and some found her comment derogatory. She later retracted and apologised
Congress leader Renuka Chowdhary supported Khan's view and said the Parliament too is not immune to the casting couch.
At an event in Sangli, Khan said: "Can I tell you one thing? This has been happening since the beginning of time. It hasn't started now. Someone or the other tries to take advantage of every other girl. The government's people do it too. Then why are you after the film industry?
"It provides livelihood at least. Does not rape and leave you. It depends on the girl, what she wants to do. If you don't want to fall in the wrong hands, you won't. If you have art, why would you sell yourself? Don't take the film industry's name."
A video of the comment was doing the rounds on social media on Tuesday.
Her comment left Twitterati in shock as many took it as a clean chit to the prevalence of the casting couch in the Indian film industry, which has largely remained mum in naming and shaming offenders despite speaking up in favour of the global #MeToo movement.
Khan, however, apologised for making the remark.
"Whatever the question, you don't know... You just know my answer. So it is sounding wrong. But anyhow, I am sorry. I apologise," Khan told IANS. When probed as to what was the question, Khan disconnected the call.
The comment comes in the wake of a debate which got intensified after southern actress Sri Reddy caused a stir by sitting semi-naked on a road in Hyderabad to protest against the casting couch menace in the film world.
Chowdhury supported Khan, saying: "Yes, it is the bitter truth. The whole film industry may get up in arms against me. It's just not in the film industry also, this happens everywhere in work spaces with women. It happens everywhere. So, don't imagine that the Parliament is immune or some other work space is immune. It's not.
"This happens with women everywhere. If you look at the western world today, established top actresses have taken this long to come out and say 'Me too'. It's time India stood up and say 'Me too'."
From the film fraternity, Bollywood star Ranbir Kapoor said he has never faced the casting couch, but it is "worse" if it exists. And Richa Chadha felt the media was blowing Khan's statement out of proportion as what she meant was why was Bollywood being singled out when it happens everywhere.
Filmmaker Ashoke Pandit slammed Khan.
"I didn't expect such derogatory and uncalled for statements from a veteran like Saroj Khan and totally condemn it. Our entertaiment industry, like all other industries respects women. Exploitation of women is a crime and should be fought in all spheres of life," Pandit tweeted.
Actress Shruti Seth wrote: "The right intent but very, very wrong words. Again, women are made incumbent to stop injustice against themselves and men have been absolved of their participation. Stop the practice of sexual exploitation. In whichever industry it exists, it's wrong.
Sophie Choudry commented: "So much respect for Sarojji as a choreographer but this is how she uses her position to protect girls? If I didn't come from a financially sound background, I would have returned to London within a month of being in Mumbai because of industry folk who think like that."
WASHINGTON, March 31 U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday directed his administration to review U.S. trade deficits and clamp down on countries that abuse trade rules in two executive orders he said would start a new chapter for U.S. workers and businesses.
"Today I'm signing two executive orders that send this message loud and clear, and that set the stage for a great revival of American manufacturing," Trump said in the Oval Office.
"We're going to get these bad trade deals straightened out," Trump said. (Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Editing by James Dalgleish)
BRIEF-Plymouth says Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports 6.28 percent passive stake in co
* Resource Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports a 6.28 percent passive stake in Plymouth Industrial REIT Inc as of June 09, 2017 - SEC Filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Whether it be the rugby team, Gloucester Quays or simply the fact that the city is on the up, there is plenty that Gloucester has to be proud of right now.
But the humdrum of everyday life, some things might have passed you by.
For example did you know that the American National Anthem was written here and not the other side of the pond?
Here is an A-Z of things that you may, or may not know, about Gloucester.
A – is for Aethelflaed
This year the city will be coming out to honour the woman who put the city on the map.
June 12 is the day when Gloucester marks her death but celebrates the life of Aethelflaed, the Queen of Mercia.
She made Gloucester the kingdom's spiritual, political and working capital while fending off Viking invasion.
You can read more about her here .
B – is for Blackfriars
It's one of the oldest parts of the city, and home to the most complete Dominican Friary in England. And it's getting a massive makeover.
Hundreds of student flats will go up around Ladybellegate Street and a new multi-million pound social care centre has just opened .
The new centre provides improved reception access for disabled visitors and families, private rooms for confidential discussions and brings together Gloucester social care teams in one place.
Work began on the redevelopment of the former magistrate's court and police buildings in January 2017.
It covers the area around – but not including – Gloucester Prison and includes the Barbican car park off Ladybellegate Street, the now-demolished Gloucester Magistrates Court and Quayside House.
The new student residence will host nearly 300 rooms for new and returning students who will be arriving into the city in September.
C – is for Crypt School
Founded in 1539 by John and Joan Cooke it is still going strong.
Historically it was part of the St Mary de Crypt Church in Southgate Street, but it moved out to Podsmead long ago.
The original schoolroom can still be seen there but work is going on now to restore it and the church adjoining it.
Later, in 1889, the school moved to Greyfriars, known better as Friar's Orchard, and in 1943, to its current site.
It still remains a selective boy grammar school but will be fully co-educational by 2018.
This year children celebrated their best ever A-level results .
D – is for Doomsday Book
According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, the decision was taken at William's Christmas court in Gloucester in 1085, and his men were sent 'all over England into every shire to find out how many hides there were in the shire, what land and cattle the king had himself in the shire, what dues he ought to have in twelve months from the shire. Also he had a record made of how much land his archbishops had, his bishops and his abbots and his earls, and what or how much everyone who was in England had.... So very narrowly did he have it investigated that there was no single hide nor yard of land, nor indeed ... one ox or cow or pig which was left out and not put down in his record, and these records were brought to him afterwards'.
E – is for Edward II
He is one of the few kings of England who is buried at Gloucester Cathedral.
It was while he was visiting here that met a very grisly demise but his tomb became a shrine shortly afterwards when attempts were made to make him a saint.
And how did he meet his end? With a red hot poker.
That's all you need to know.
F – is for Fleece Inn
It's been empty for more than 15 years and last year it was sadly attacked by an arsonist .
But it's place in Gloucester's history is unparalleled.
A hotel for those pilgrims making their way to Gloucester Cathedral, it is the city's oldest hotel by a country mile.
Now there are hopes it will be restored to a former glory.
G – is for Ivor Gurney - tragic WWI poet, composer and organist
Legendary poet and composer Ivor Gurney was born on Queen Street, Gloucester in 1890.
He enlisted as a private soldier in the Gloucestershire Regiment in February 1915 and while at the front, he began writing poetry seriously.
He was compiling poems for his first book when he was wounded in the shoulder in April 1917. He recovered and returned to battle but was gassed in September.
By the 1920s, a combination of his poor mental health before the war, the effects of the bloody war, and the breakdown of his relationship led to a severe decline.
He spent the last 15 years of his life in psychiatric hospitals and died in Twigworth.
He is among 16 Great War Poets commemorated on a slate stone unveiled in Westminster Abbey's Poet's Corner.
H – is for Harry Potter and Hogwarts – filmed at Gloucester Cathedral cloisters
If you've seen the films you just have to walk through the charming quadrangle cloister to picture Harry, Hermione and Ron at the school of magic.
I – is for Invictus
"I am the master of my fate:
I am the captain of my soul."
So reads the last two lines of William Ernest Henley's classic Victorian poem.
Written in 1875 and published in 1888, it was part of the Gloucester poet's first volume of songs.
And it is known all across the world.
J – is for Edward Jenner
Every child whose studied GCSE biology knows the story of Dr Edward Jenner.
He created the vaccination against smallpox by injecting a boy with a variant of the disease - cowpox.
The boy was then immune to the deadly bug and so began the fight against one of the world's worst-known diseases and its eventual eradication.
Born in Berkeley a statue in his honour lies in Gloucester Cathedral.
K – is for Kingsholm
Formerly a Roman fortress to help the legions stamp their authority over Britannia, now it is a fortress of Gloucester pride.
While Celts would have done battle against the invading Roman horde, now it is the Cherry and Whites who look to secure victory at every match.
L – is for Lamprey pie
Every Jubilee and Coronation, Gloucester has sent a pie made from lampreys to the reigning monarch.
Made of blood-sucking eels, apparently they're a delicacy.
Thankfully their scarcity in waters over here means I won't be eating one any time soon.
M – is for Mock Mayor
Ever since the Siege of Gloucester during the Civicl War in 1643 there has two mayors in Gloucester City.
One of them is based in Barton.
Here is the current mayor.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
N – is for Emperor Nerva
Standing outside Eastgate Shopping Centre in Southgate Street is a bronze statue to a man who is acknowledged to be the founder of the city in around AD97.
The statue isn't that old - it was only installed thanks to the Civic Trust in 2002 - but within the statue's hollow plinth, filled with items relating to the foundation of Roman Gloucester and to life in the present day city.
Let's hope it will remain undisturbed for many centuries to come.
O – is for Osric
Who? He's the Saxon King who founded a monastery here in Gloucester way back in 679AD.
You might think you've never seen that monastery but you'll be happy to know that it's where Gloucester Cathedral now lies.
P – is for Priories
Gloucester has many priories.
Two of them, St Oswald's and Llanthony Priory are set to see a massive facelift with work at the Llanthony Secunda Priory already underway.
You can read more about it here .
Q – is for Queen Elizabeth I granting port status to Gloucester in 1580
Gloucester is the UK's furthest inland port but it wasn't until the latter days of the Tudor era that the city got the status it is now famous for having.
This meant that vessels could trade directly between Gloucester and foreign ports without having to call in at Bristol custom house, which had previously been responsible for the region.
In practice, however, few foreign-going vessels were seen at the Quay because of the difficulties of navigating the shallow tidal stretch of the River Severn approaching the city.
It wasn't until the opening of the Gloucester & Sharpness Canal in 1827 when ships could bypass the difficult stretch of river.
R – is for rugby
And not just Gloucester Rugby but the amazing network of grass roots clubs we have.
While the Premiership side is the sporting pride of the city, it is also the minnow sides which help put Gloucester on the sporting map.
S – is for Star Spangled Banner
As mentioned earlier you might think this was written in America - it would make a lot of sense if that was the case.
John Stafford Smith was born in Gloucester in 1750 and died in London in 1836.
The British composer who was raised in the city and also studied and sang at King's College is best known for writing the music for The Anacreontic Song which became the tune for The Star-Spangled Banner in 1812.
In 1931 it was officially adopted as the national anthem of the United States.
T – is for Tall Ships Festival
It's only been going for 10 years but already it's a major part of the Gloucester calendar.
Last year saw seven tall ships sail into Gloucester Docks and we look forward to hearing more about people this year's festival.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
U – is for Unitarianism
This branch of Christianity was started in Gloucester and founded by John Biddle in Gloucester in 1641.
Biddle was in and out of prison throughout his life but the main focus of his faith is that he believed that God is one entity, as opposed to the Holy Trinity.
Unitarian Christians, therefore, believe that Jesus was inspired by God in his moral teachings, and he is a savior, but he was a normal human being and not a deity or God incarnate.
V – is for volunteers –
From the lady single-handedly picking litter in Gloucester's parks, to the foodbank workers there are many people Gloucester has to celebrate.
One of those, Tanya Laird, also known as the Lonely Litter Picker, is the subject of this article .
Hopefully there will be more people like her wanting to do their bit.
W – is for Wall's Ice Cream
Yum.
This staple of the British summer is still made right here in Gloucester at Corinium Avenue.
X – is for X marks the spot
Or rather than X, the Cross, the highest point in Gloucester and the centre of the bustling, happening city we live and work in.
Y – is for yellow and black, the colours of Gloucester City AFC
Enough talk about the rugby - what about the beautiful game?
Known as the Tigers hope remains that one day they will return to their home turf at Old Meadow Park after the floods of 2007 forced them to move out to Evesham.
Z – is for Zombie Walk
This is a spectacle organised every October by Café Rene that really must be seen to be believed - which you can do in the video at the top of this page.
Shady Oakes and Garrett Schneider are the winners of the Poteau Daily News' Cutest Couple Contest.
They submitted their photo to our Facebook contest and received the most votes. They will be receiving a couple's meal at Chili's in Poteau.
Congratulations to the lucky Valentine couple.
The regulatory requirements for the approval of new drugs vary greatly internationally in regards to the resources allocated to the authorities, the evaluation periods for approval and the fees for the pharmaceutical companies. This reports a study of the European Center of Pharmaceutical Medicine at the University of Basel. The results were published in the journal Nature Reviews Drug Discovery.
The researchers compared the regulatory authorities responsible for approving drugs and medical products in 12 countries, among them, for example, Swissmedic in Switzerland and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The results show that international pharmaceutical companies encounter very different regional requirements.
Depending on the country, identical products are being evaluated not only according to different standards and processes to verify their effectiveness and safety, but certain aspects are also being reviewed and assessed multiple times and in various ways.
Harmonization could increase efficiency
The regulatory hurdles for approval (fees, studies, evaluation periods, etc.) are known to be a significant time factor in the global drug development. Different approval requirements prolong the time until the market entry of new, innovative drugs which also impacts their price. The study thus shows that a harmonization of these approval requirements and processes could significantly improve efficiency.
"Patients would profit especially since new drugs would be available faster and at lower prices," comments Prof. Dr. Thomas D. Szucs from the European Center of Pharmaceutical Medicine at the University of Basel. "This suggests that companies and authorities should strengthen their international collaboration and communicate better with each other."
With their study, the researchers hope to contribute to higher cost efficiency in the development of drugs and shorter authorization processes.
###
Original source
Anand B. Jain, Annette Mollet, and Thomas D. Szucs
Structural and procedural characteristics of international regulatory authorities
Nature Reviews Drug Discovery (2017), doi: 10.1038/nrd.2017.135
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office in New Jersey confirmed that Yildirim made his first appearance before a judge there on Wednesday.
Narin and Yildirim were both participants in the protests, according to a U.S. official familiar with the case. On the day of the violence, police detained two members of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's security detail but released them shortly afterward. Two other men were arrested at the scene — one for aggravated assault and the other for assaulting a police officer.
The U.S. official, who was not authorized to speak publicly to the matter and demanded anonymity, said DC police had identified 34 of 42 people who were involved in the fight, and are seeking their arrests. Police are expected to release photos of the other 8 possible suspects and appeal to the public for information on their identities, the official said.
The clash happened as Erdoğan arrived at the ambassador's residence after a White House meeting with President Donald Trump on May 16.
Video of the protest showed security guards and some Erdoğan supporters attacking a small group of protesters with their fists and feet. Men in dark suits and others were recorded repeatedly kicking one woman as she lay curled on a sidewalk. Another wrenched a woman's neck and threw her to the ground. A man with a bullhorn was repeatedly kicked in the face.
After police officers struggled to protect the protesters and ordered the men in suits to retreat, several of the men dodged the officers and ran into the park to continue the attacks. In all, nine people were hurt.
The fracas added to already strained U.S.-Turkish ties. The NATO allies have publicly clashed over a U.S. decision to arm Syrian Kurdish rebels fighting the Islamic State group in Syria. Turkey considers the fighters to be an extension the Kurdish insurgency in Turkey known as the PKK, and claims without evidence that protesters who showed up during Erdoğan's visit to Washington last week were themselves associated with the PKK.
U.S. officials had strongly criticized the Turkish government after Erdoğan's security forces for the violence, and the State Department summoned Turkey's ambassador to the U.S. to complain. The Turkish Foreign Ministry then summoned the U.S. ambassador to Turkey to complain about the treatment of the detained security guards.
Turkey's U.S. embassy alleged the demonstrators were associated with the PKK, which has waged a three-decade-long insurgency against Turkey and is considered a terrorist group by the United States.
Turkey's official Anadolu news agency said they chanted anti-Erdogan slogans, and that the Turkish president's team moved in to disperse them because “police did not heed to Turkish demands to intervene.” The Turkish Embassy claimed the demonstrators were “aggressively provoking Turkish-American citizens who had peacefully assembled to greet the president. The Turkish-Americans responded in self-defense and one of them was seriously injured.”
But Mehmet Yuksel, who arrived immediately after the incident and knows almost all of the dozen or so demonstrators, said they weren't connected with the PKK. The victims included Americans, he said at the time, and there was no justification for the attack.
Ten years ago, the family had to sell the herd of buffalo to pay for an operation for Ronnie, but decided to leave one cub. Since then, the unusual pet has been kept indoors, as it is quite violent on the street. That might be an explanation for his name. Weighing in at over a ton, the buffalo barely fits through the doors. Wild Thing has its own bedroom and even has meals with his owners in the kitchen.
Utah has been shamed recently in stories about its low grades when it comes to giving women equal opportunities. The Beehive State has been called out for having one of the largest wage gaps between men and women in the country. And its female representation in elective offices is one of the nation's lowest.
(Adds Nokia quote, background)
March 30 Finnish telecoms equipment maker Nokia on Thursday announced preliminary results of its tender offer for Finnish telecom software company Comptel .
* Nokia said shares tendered in the offer represent approximately 88 percent of all shares and votes in Comptel, and 83 percent on fully diluted basis, as defined in its offer.
* Nokia needs 90 percent of all shares to complete the acquisition.
* "We look forward to completing this offer in the coming days, and taking the next steps to finalize the transaction," said Nokia's Chief Financial Officer Kristian Pullola said in a statement.
* Nokia said it will confirm the final results of its bid around April 3 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Helsinki Newsroom; Editing by Simon Johnson)
DevOps Engineer
DevOps. Newest tech, free lunch, fully covered medical aid, flexi-time and work from home. Relaxed dress code and life, disability and funeral insurance. All you need is strong OO Programming skills and at least 2 years' experience using a broad range of AWS and Azure technologies. Qualification:Matric Skills & Experience: Minimum of 2 years' experience in developing, deploying and maintaining large SaaS solutions on the Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure cloud platformsSolid experience of DevOpsExperience in a 24×7 environmentScripting skills, deployment, automating and maintenanceLinux and Windows operating systems Job Description:The job entails working with a broad range of AWS and Azure technologies, operating systems (Windows and Linux) and application environments (IIS, Tomcat, SQL Server, Docker and Kubernetes). You will also be responsible for the implementation of best practice Cloud Security principles. Excellent English verbal and written communication skills are a must. Let us assist you with your career. Connect with us on www.communicate.co.za and Register your CV to create a profile, view IT jobs and apply. If you have not had any response in two weeks, please consider your application unsuccessful. Your profile will be kept on our database and we will connect with you with any other suitable roles or positions.We also invite you to contact us to discuss other exciting career opportunities in our niche area!For more information please call, ARETHE PRINSLOO on (contact number), quoting the Ref: CIT027271.
Learn more/Apply for this position
(Nara, Japan) The cell cycle is the system through which a cell grows and divides. It is also how a cell passes its DNA to its progeny and is why the cell cycle ceases if the DNA is damaged, as otherwise it risks passing this damage to daughter cells. Scientists at the Nara Institute of Science and Technology (NAIST) have reported a new molecular mechanism that explains how this cessation occurs. The study, which can be read in Nature Communications, shows the transcription factor family MYB3R prevents progression to the division stage (M phase) of the cell cycle in Arabidopsis, a small flowering plant that is a member of the mustard family.
"Inhibition of cell division in response to DNA damage enables cells to maintain genome integrity. The inhibition is regulated by different molecules in animals and plants," explains NAIST Professor Masaaki Umeda, who studies the role of stem cells in plant growth.
MYB3R can be divided into groups of transcription activators (Act-MYB) and transcription repressors (Rep-MYB). Plants grow through their root tip and shoot apex, but not upon DNA damage. In the study, Prof. Umeda and his colleagues found termination of the growth was accompanied by an accumulation of Rep-MYB proteins in these regions and that absent this accumulation, the plants would show signs of growing leaves and flowers.
To understand how this accumulation occurs in response to DNA damage, the scientists considered the role of CDK, or cyclin-dependent kinases. CDKs are crucial for the regulation of the cell cycle. DNA damage suppresses CDK activity, which prevents progression to M phase. Prof. Umeda found that inhibiting CDKs even with the absence of DNA damage would cause the Rep-MYB3R accumulation seen with DNA damage and stall the cell cycle before the M phase transition. "We found that CDK activity is required for Rep-MYB degradation under normal conditions. The degradation is suppressed due to DNA damage," he said.
The study further found that the accumulated Rep-MYB proteins target genes responsible for transitioning the cell to M phase. "Rep-MYB has a number of G2/M-specific target genes. We found that they stop plant growth by targeting only a specific set of these genes," notes Prof. Umeda.
Why only a specific set and not all its target genes is unclear, though Prof. Umeda suggests that this finding could be evidence that a cofactor that interacts with Rep-MYB may determine the selectivity. Prof. Umeda says that the study provides a new paradigm for how plant cell division ceases upon DNA damage, thus preventing damaged cells from accumulating under stressful conditions. "Without DNA damage, CDK prevents Rep-MYB from activating, which allows the cell cycle to progress to cell division. DNA damage inhibits CDK activity, freeing Rep-MYB and stopping the cell division," he says.
###
[Resource]
Title: Arabidopsis R1R2R3-Myb proteins are essential for inhibiting cell division in response to DNA damage
Authors: Poyu Chen, Hirotomo Takatsuka, Naoki Takahashi, Rie Kurata, Yoichiro Fukao, Kosuke Kobayashi, Masaki Ito & Masaaki Umeda*Publication: Nature Communications. 8:635, 21 September 2017.DOI: 10.1038/s41467-017-00676-4*Author for correspondence
Information about Prof. Umeda lab can be found at this website; http://bsw3. naist. jp/ eng/ courses/ courses105. html
About NAIST
Researchers in Australia have developed a model to help build plant communities that are more resilient to climate change.
Their research, published in the journal eLife, could lead to improved decisions around where seeds are sourced during reforestation efforts, to ensure that newly planted trees are strong enough to tolerate their future climate.
"Many species are facing rapid changes in their environments due to global warming and other human disturbances. Increased variation in a species' genetic material, known as its genome, may allow a species to better adapt to these changes," says first author Megan Supple, who conducted this research while a postdoctoral researcher at The Australian National University (ANU) in Canberra.
"Those working on projects to restore native plant communities need to decide what seeds to plant at a given reforestation site. Genomic analyses can be used to identify source populations that are better adapted to the current and predicted climates at these sites. By selecting seeds with a high level of genomic diversity and adaptations to climate, the restored community will be more resilient to the changes they face in the future."
Supple and her team set out to discover if new genomic techniques could be used to help make scientifically informed decisions around seed sourcing for Eucalyptus melliodora (E. melliodora, commonly called yellow box) - an important tree species in a critically endangered woodland community that now occupies just 8% of its former distribution recorded in the mid 1700s.
The scientists genotyped 275 E. melliodora leaf samples from mature trees at 36 sampling sites. Seeds were also collected from the sampled trees where available. To determine an appropriate seed-sourcing strategy, they used the samples to examine the effects that geography and environment have on the distribution of genomic variation across the landscape.
"Our analysis revealed that natural gene flow in E. melliodora extends far across the landscape," explains Supple. "This is crucial, because it means that seeds for reestablishing this species can be sourced broadly, rather than being restricted to local populations as is typically done."
Additionally, by generating a model that describes the relationship between genomic variation, geographic distance and environmental variables, such as temperature and rainfall, the team could identify seed sources that are well matched to the future climate at a given reforestation site.
"It is important to note that our genomic analyses were based on mature trees that predate extensive land clearing for agriculture," explains senior author and ANU Professor Justin Borevitz. "It therefore remains to be seen whether human modifications of the landscape have disrupted the historical patterns of gene flow, resulting in more fragmented and inbred populations.
"We hope our work will ultimately benefit E. melliodora and other plant communities by providing a template for identifying suitable source populations for restoration, as well as identifying those populations that will likely be vulnerable to climate change."
###
Reference
The paper 'Landscape genomic prediction for restoration of a Eucalyptus foundation species under climate change' can be freely accessed online at https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 7554/ eLife. 31835 . Contents, including text, figures and data, are free to reuse under a CC BY 4.0 license.
Media contacts
Emily Packer, Senior Press Officer
eLife
e.packer@elifesciences.org
01223 855373
Will Wright, Senior Media Communications Officer
ANU
+612 6100 3486
media@anu.edu.au
ANU media hotline: +612 6125 7979
About eLife
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) - Greenpeace says household brands including PepsiCo and Johnson & Johnson are refusing to disclose where they get their palm oil from despite vows to stop buying from companies that cut down tropical forests to grow the widely used commodity.
The environmental group said Monday it had in January asked 16 major brands to reveal their suppliers of palm oil, which is mainly grown in Indonesia and Malaysia and used in a slew of consumer products from snacks to cosmetics. It said eight disclosed the information and eight refused.
Separately, Greenpeace said consumer goods companies are "way off track" in meeting a 2010 commitment to remove deforestation-linked palm oil from their supply chains by 2020.
It said, "corporate commitments and polices have proliferated, but companies have largely failed to implement them."
LOS ANGELES >> Quarterback Sam Darnold was asked if his wrist would get sore Saturday at USC's spring game. Not from the six passes he threw in the Trojans' spring game but from signing autographs for hundreds of fans afterward.
“I might have to ice it,” Darnold joked.
USC no longer faces the burden of NCAA-mandated scholarship limitations but as it heads into the 2017 season, the Trojans cannot afford an injury at certain positions. Here's a look at the thinnest spots:
Quarterback
Everyone already knew Darnold is irreplaceable, but the spring reinforced it. Matt Fink was better than a year ago but still has a lot of to do before becoming a full-time player. Jack Sears started slowly and steadily improved but needs a redshirt year. At least no one is expected to transfer.
Cornerback
USC had only three healthy front-line cornerbacks for the spring scrimmage: Iman Marshall, Jack Jones and Ajene Harris. The good news is they are all projected starters. The bad news is Pac-12 defenses play almost an entire game in nickel defenses, which requires three cornerbacks at all times.
This presents two problems for USC: The coaches don't know yet if Jones is ready for a full-time role. He struggled in the Rose Bowl and the coaches definitely limited him during the regular season. The coaches embraced Jones more in the spring but tried to keep him grounded.
The other issue is what happens if Marshall, Jones or Harris get hurt?
Jonathan Lockett played nickel back last season before he got hurt. After that, it's junior Isaiah Langley plus a couple incoming freshmen (Je'Quari Godfrey, Greg Johnson).
“When he stepped on the field in high school, he was the king of the hill,” USC secondary coach Ronnie Bradford said of Jones. “Now there are a lot of kings of the hills. It's not those high school quarterbacks that throw balloon balls.”
USC also needs to figure out what do with safety/nickel back Jamel Cook. He had three interceptions in one practice but is more comfortable playing safety, where there is less chance for playing time.
Kicker
Helton was asked Saturday if freshman Michael Brown was the starter in his mind? Helton would not confirm Brown would be the Trojans' kicker but no one else attempted a field goal during the spring scrimmage. Brown had seven attempts and made five with a long of 50.
Helton said he is looking for consistency from Brown. But what's the alternative? There is no indication Rose Bowl-hero Matt Boermeester will return after an alleged incident with a female student. USC has not comment on Boermeester other than to say he is suspended from the football program. But he is not even attending classes at USC this semester.
Advertisement
In early March, USC added kicker Chase McGrath (Mater Dei High). He kicked five field goals last season for the Monarchs.
The bottom line is Brown is unproven and after him things are even more suspect.
Offensive Tackle
The left tackle is currently manned by Chuma Edoga, who is highly rated but spent part of last season in the doghouse. Remember when he was ejected after shoving a game official? Edoga said he is more mature now, but what happens if he gets hurt? USC would probably move veteran Toa Lobendahn from guard to tackle. But that creates a domino effect that allows someone untested to play guard.
Lurking in the background is offensive tackle E.J. Price, who left or was removed from the team last September. He did not practice in the spring but could return in the fall. But that means he did not practice for nearly 12 months.
Tailback
This is the one spot where USC can afford an injury but needs to be discussed because it is so high profile. Ronald Jones will start but the highly touted Stephen Carr arrives in the summer. Aca'Cedric Ware was effective in a reserve role and Vavae Malepeai is a physical back with speed who impressed everyone in the spring. It will just be a matter of getting him carries.
The Iron Throne is empty this year… so who will step up to claim the Emmys‘ big prize?
With last year's winner Game of Thrones out of the running (the current Season 7 will be eligible next year), this year's seven-way race for Outstanding Drama Series is as wide open as we can remember. And there's plenty of new blood in the mix: Five of the seven nominees are freshman series, led by NBC's tearjerking family hit This Is Us, Hulu's haunting dystopian thriller The Handmaid's Tale and HBO's chilly sci-fi mindbender Westworld.
Netflix also has a couple first-timers in contention, with the spooky 1980s throwback Stranger Things and the elegant Queen Elizabeth II saga The Crown. Plus, two veteran shows are vying for their first taste of Emmy gold in this category: AMC's Better Call Saul (nominated for the third time) and Netflix's House of Cards (nominated for the fifth time).
We'll have a new Drama Series champion, no matter who wins on Sunday, Sept. 17… but which show should take home the golden trophy? Vote for your favorite in the poll below, then hit the comments to defend your pick.
Every day for the next three weeks, we'll be posting another “Who should win?” poll, so visit TVLine.com each day to weigh in on who deserves TV's most prestigious honor. (For a complete list of this year's nominees, click here.)
MEXICO CITY (AP) - The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights has called for Mexico to take urgent action in the northern border city of Nuevo Laredo, where at least 23 people have disappeared since the start of February.
The human rights authority says there are strong indications that a federal security force is responsible. It says a local human rights organization believes there have been at least 40 such disappearances.
In a statement Wednesday, the U.N. office said that it had documented the disappearances of 21 males and two females, including at least five minors.
According to statements to U.N. investigators, the disappearances typically occur at night while the victims are walking along or driving on roads. Sometimes their burned and bullet-riddled vehicles are found on roadsides.
Election posters. Photo: AFP
A week before France's high-stakes presidential election, the four top candidates began a final push to woo undecided voters who will determine the outcome of the tight race between the hard left, centre, right and far right.
On April 23rd, the French go to the polls in the most unpredictable vote in the country's post-war history to choose two candidates from a field of 11 who will go through to a run-off two weeks later.
With a duel between far-right leader Marine Le Pen and Communist-backed radical Jean-Luc Melenchon, both eurosceptics, among one of six possible outcomes the election is being closely watched in Brussels and around the world.
Opinion polls show one in three voters still undecided about who to back after a campaign characterised by scandals and upsets. In an interview in Le Parisien newspaper on Sunday, 65-year-old Melenchon, who is threatening to quit the euro and massively increase public spending, vowed he would be a safe pair of hands on the eurozone's second-largest economy.
"I am not from the far left," the leader of the La France Insoumise (Unbowed France) movement said, insisting he was "ready to govern".
Melenchon's surge has shaken up the race, with many hesitating between voting with their hearts and a tactical vote for whichever candidate they see as best placed to keep Le Pen or Melenchon out of power.
Le Pen, whom polls show leading the first round with centrist Emmanuel Macron on around 22-24 percent each, returned to her party's core themes of immigration and Islam Saturday to try to mobilise her base.
The opinion polls had shown her virtually assured of a place in the May 7th runoff but Melenchon and the conservative Francois Fillon have narrowed the gap with her and Macron to about three points, blowing the race wide open.
Identity angst
In a speech in the southern city of Perpignan the 48-year-old National Front (FN) leader lashed out at Macron and Fillon, accusing them of being soft on radical Islam.
"With Mr Macron, it would be Islamism on the move," Le Pen said, in a play on the name of Macron's En Marche (On the Move) party, calling the 39-year-old champion of diversity "unscrupulous".
Casting herself as the best defender against the jihadists who have killed over 230 people in France since 2015, Le Pen also tore into Fillon, accusing him of letting ultraconservative Islam gain ground when he was prime minister between 2007 and 2012.
The election has revealed high levels of angst over a perceived erosion of French identity, which Le Pen has pinned on immigration, particularly from Muslim North Africa.
In an Ifop-Fiducial poll for Le Journal du Dimanche (JDD) newspaper 86 percent of FN voters said they "no longer feel at home" in France and 73 percent considered Islam incompatible with the French Republic.
But the poll also showed Le Pen, who has spent years trying to detoxify the FN's image, still struggling to win over the absolute majority of voters needed for victory in a run-off.
Three-quarters of non-FN voters said the party as "dangerous for democracy" and four out of five found it "racist".
'Scapegoating Europe'
Fillon, who is on the rebound from a damaging expenses scandal that had caused some of his voters to switch to Le Pen or Macron, used Easter to mobilise his traditionalist Catholic base.
"Patriotism is not a dirty word," he told supporters in the cathedral town of Puy-en-Velay on Saturday - borrowing from the songbook of Le Pen who styles the FN the "party of patriots".
In an interview published Sunday, the 63-year-old former prime minister, who refused to bow out despite being charged with misusing public money over payments to his wife, said he was convinced the scandal was behind him.
"I know I will be in the second round," he told the JDD.
If elected he would "unite everyone" and "wipe the slate clean," said Fillon, who has accused the left, the judiciary and media of fomenting the expenses scandal to try to derail his presidential bid.
The presence among the top four of two anti-globalisation candidates who have threatened to take France out of the euro - Le Pen and Melenchon - has caused jitters among investors.
During a visit to the World War I battlefield of Chemin des Dames on Sunday, outgoing Socialist President Francois Hollande warned against "scapegoating Europe" which had "protected us against war".
By Clare Byrne
After going 3-3 in six games against two teams on the road, the Sugar Land Skeeters are returning to the friendly confines of Constellation Field for six games against a pair of formidable opponents.
The Skeeters (18-10) will host the Long Island Ducks (14-13) for three games, followed by three with the York Revolution (13-12).
Last week the Skeeters got off to a rough start as the Somerset Patriots (17-8) brought a brutal 9-1 end to the Skeeters three-game win streak. The damage continued the next night when the Patriots prevailed 2-1. Refusing to give up, the Skeeters avoided the sweep by beating Somerset 3-1.
From there the Skeeters traveled to New Britain, Conn., to take on a familiar foe in the Bees. Sugar Land extended their win streak to seven games against the Bees this season with a 4-1 victory. The next night, however, the Bees stung back by plating six runs in the first inning and then holding on for an 8-3 win.
Things bounced back the Skeeters way in the rubber game Sunday with a Derek Norris grand slam that helped propel the Skeeters to a 9-1 victory. Brett Marshall got the win over former Skeeter Tyler Badamo, who was released on May 18 and picked up by the Bees.
Stats
Catcher Albert “Coco” Cordero is now leading the Skeeters at the plate with a .393 average. First baseman Matt Chavez continues to see his phenomenal start slide back to mere mortal levels at .354. Outfielder Courtney Hawkins leads the team and the league in home runs with seven and runs-batted-in with 28.
On the mound, Brett Marshall leads the Skeeters in several categories. He is a batter shy of 30 innings pitched, has 24 strikeouts and a 2.12 average. Closer Felipe Paulino leads the league with eight saves. He has 11 strikeouts to five hits and no aearned runs.
Schedule
This week the Skeeters have three games against the Long Island Ducks and three against the York Revolution. They get Monday off and then travel to the Somerset Patriots for three games in two days (Wednesday doubleheader). After another day off the head to Southern Maryland to play the Blue Crabs. They return home for seven games against the Road Warriors, a league-operated traveling team.
The June 1 game against York is Boy Scout night and Superhero night, complete with a comic book giveaway and Friday night fireworks. The June 2 game includes a Skeeters bank giveaway, followed by a beer glass giveaway that Sunday for Brewfest.
Transactions
The Skeeters announced that the contracts of right-handers Alejandro Chacin and Mitch Talbot have been purchased by Major League organizations. Chacin has been assigned to Double-A Pensacola for the Cincinnati Reds, while Talbot reported to Triple-A Columbus for the Cleveland Indians organization.
In their place, the Skeeters have signed former Major Leaguer Casey Coleman and Tyler Levine. Coleman, a 30-year-old lefty, played for the Chicago Cubs, Kansas City Royals, and Seattle Mariners. Levine, 25, a righty, spent last season with the Ducks.
Skeeter of the Week
Derek Norris brings home the Fort Bend Star Skeeter of the week honors for his heroics at the plate. In addition to hitting a grand slam, he had a solo shot in a loss to the Patriots and was 2-3 with two doubles and two RBIs in the loss to the Bees.
First Half Standings
Freedom Division
W L GB
Lancaster Barnstormers 18 8 0
Sugar Land Skeeters 18 10 1
York Revolution 13 12 4.5 Maryland Blue Crabs 10 17 8.5
Liberty Division
-W L GB-
Somerset Patriots 17 8 0
Long Island Ducks 14 13 4
New Britain Bees 10 18 8.5
Road Warriors 7 21 11.5
May 3 Pilgrims Pride Corp:
* Pilgrim's Pride reports operating income of $152 million and operating margin of 7.5% for the first quarter of 2017
* Q1 sales $2.02 billion versus I/B/E/S view $2.03 billion
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.38
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.40 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Increasing capital investment target for 2017 to $250 million from $220 million to reflect acquisition of GNP Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Prithvi Kanti Bandyopadhyay)
A year-long trial in Denmark is showing that utilities can use parked electric vehicles (EVs) as spare batteries, and those EVs can earn quite a bit of money for their owners from the utilities.
In an interview with Bloomberg New Energy Finance, Nissan Europe's director of energy services, Francisco Carranza, said that a fleet of 10 Nissan e-NV200 vans has earned €1,300 ($1,530) over the year.
Electricity grids around the world are facing an era of rapid change as more electric vehicles hit the road and as grid supply changes. For grid managers, sometimes small amounts of power are necessary to regulate current frequency and keep the grid working. At the same time, if a lot of electric vehicles draw power from the grid concurrently (for example, when they're parked at home at night, or when they're parked at work during the day), that threatens to change how grid operators plan to meet demand, as well.
Researchers and grid managers have theorized that vehicle-to-grid connections could help solve some of these problems. By installing two-way connections where an EV could charge its battery and send power back to the grid when it's needed, an electric car battery increases its value and makes electricity infrastructure more stable.
Research has been done on vehicle-to-grid connections for years. In 2010, East Coast grid manager PJM worked with the University of Delaware to test communication control and logic between an electric vehicle and a grid. More recently, Ford and GM have tried similar tests, working especially to synchronize charge and discharge cycles so that the owner of the EV always has enough juice to get in the car and go when necessary.
The latest Danish trial was started last August as a project between Japanese automaker Nissan and the Italian energy company Enel. Essentially, 10 Nissan e-NV200 vans were hooked to a two-way grid connection during the day on the lot of the Danish utility Frederiksberg Forsyning (much like the GM trial mentioned above, utility employees were the beneficiaries of the trial here). The two-way grid connection would allow the cars to draw electricity when their batteries are low and send electricity back to the grid if necessary.
The total capacity of the Nissan fleet when they're all connected to chargers is 10kW. The platform that the chargers use to intelligently send power between the grid and the cars, incidentally, was provided by a California company called Nuvve, which commercialized technology that was developed by the University of Delaware.
Although vehicle-to-grid systems are in their infancy and real results won't be achieved until large numbers of EVs are connected to grids, trial runs need to start happening now. “If you [blindly] deploy in the market a massive number of electric cars without any visibility or control over the way they impact the electricity grid, you might create new problems,” Carranza told Bloomberg New Energy Finance.
FILE - This Monday, June 19, 2017, file photo shows a user signing in to Facebook on an iPad, in North Andover, Mass. Facebook has a problem it just canâ€™t kick: People keep exploiting it in ways that could sway elections and even undermine democracy. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola, File)
FILE - This Monday, June 19, 2017, file photo shows a user signing in to Facebook on an iPad, in North Andover, Mass. Facebook has a problem it just canâ€™t kick: People keep exploiting it in ways that could sway elections and even undermine democracy. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola, File)
MENLO PARK, Calif. (AP) - Facebook has a problem it just can't kick: People keep exploiting it in ways that could sway elections, and in the worst cases even undermine democracy.
News reports that Facebook let the Trump-affiliated data mining firm Cambridge Analytica abscond with data from tens of millions of users mark the third time in roughly a year the company appears to have been outfoxed by crafty outsiders in this way.
Before the Cambridge imbroglio, there were Russian agents running election-related propaganda campaigns through targeted ads and fake political events. And before the Russians took center stage, there were purveyors of fake news who spread false stories to rile up hyperpartisan audiences and profit from the resulting ad revenue.
In the previous cases, Facebook initially downplayed the risks posed by these activities. It only seriously grappled with fake news and Russian influence after sustained criticism from users, experts and politicians. In the case of Cambridge, Facebook says the main problem involved the transfer of data to a third party - not its collection in the first place.
Each new issue has also raised the same enduring questions about Facebook's conflicting priorities - to protect its users, but also to ensure that it can exploit their personal details to fuel its hugely lucrative, and precisely targeted, advertising business.
Facebook may say its business model is to connect the world, but it's really "to collect psychosocial data on users and sell that to advertisers." said Mike Caulfield, a faculty trainer at Washington State University who directs a multi-university effort focused on digital literacy.
Late Friday, Facebook announced it was banning Cambridge , an outfit that helped Donald Trump win the White House, saying the company improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded a purported research app described as a personality test. Facebook first learned of this breach of privacy more than two years ago, but hasn't mentioned it publicly until now.
And the company may still be playing down its scope. Christopher Wylie, a former Cambridge employee who served as a key source for detailed investigative reports published Saturday in The New York Times and The Guardian , said the firm was actually able to pull in data from roughly 50 million profiles by extending its tentacles to the unwitting friends of app users. (Facebook has since barred such second-hand data collection by apps.)
Wylie said he regrets the role he played in what he called "a full service propaganda machine." Cambridge's goal, he told the Guardian in a video interview , was to use the Facebook data to build detailed profiles that could be used to identify and then to target individual voters with personalized political messages calculated to sway their opinions.
"It was a grossly unethical experiment," Wylie said. "Because you are playing with an entire country. The psychology of an entire country without their consent or awareness."
Cambridge has denied wrongdoing and calls Wylie a disgruntled former employee. It acknowledged obtaining user data in violation of Facebook policies, but blamed a middleman contractor for the problem. The company said it never used the data and deleted it all once it learned of the infraction - an assertion contradicted by Wylie and now under investigation by Facebook.
Jonathan Albright, research director at the Tow Center for Digital Journalism at Columbia University, said Facebook badly needs to embrace the transparency it has essentially forced on its users by sharing their habits, likes and dislikes with advertisers. Albright has previously noted cases in which Facebook deleted thousands of posts detailing Russian influence on its service and underreported the audience for Russian posts by failing to mention millions of followers on Instagram, which Facebook owns.
Facebook is "withholding information to the point of negligence," he said Saturday. "How many times can you keep doing that before it gets to the point where you're not going to be able to wrangle your way out?"
The Cambridge imbroglio also revealed what appear to be loopholes in Facebook's privacy assurances, particularly regarding third-party apps. Facebook appears to have no technical way to enforce privacy promises made by app developers, leaving users little choice but to simply trust them.
In fact, the enforcement actions outlined in Facebook's statement don't address prevention at all - just ways to respond to violations after they've occurred.
On Saturday, Facebook continued to insist that the Cambridge data collection was not a "data breach" because "everyone involved gave their consent" to share their data. The purported research app followed Facebook's existing privacy rules, no systems were surreptitiously infiltrated and no one stole passwords or sensitive information without permission. (To Facebook, the only real violation was the transfer of information collected for "research" to a third party such as Cambridge.)
Experts say that argument only makes sense if every user fully understands Facebook's obscure privacy settings, which often default to maximal data sharing.
"It's a disgusting abuse of privacy," said Larry Ponemon, founder of the privacy research firm Ponemon Institute. "In general, most of these privacy settings are superficial," he said. "Companies need to do more to make sure commitments are actually met."
___
Jesdanun reported from New York.
Heading into his third year in the British Touring Car Championship, Matt Simpson is aiming for consistent top 10 finishes this season.
After a year with Team Dynamics, Simpson switched to Eurotech Racing for his 2018 campaign, though he'll continue to run under the Simpson Racing banner.
With a handful of points finishes under his belt, Simpson is hoping to break into the top 10 this year.
“This year we need to get into that top 10 and try to be consistently quick,” he told The Checkered Flag.
“Jack [Goff] was very quick last year, winning last year in the second half of the season as well, so we'll push each other along.”
Simpson may not have had the strongest results last season, with 11th place finishes at Brands Hatch and Thruxton his best result, but he believes that could change with different working conditions.
“I feel, perhaps, we might get something slightly different from Eurotech,” he said.
“They do things differently to Dynamics. Dynamics has done really well – they've obviously got loads of championships behind them and they've been there a long time. They're a great bunch of guys but I can't wait to get started with Eurotech.”
The Jack Sears Trophy will also be a priority for Simpson, who is eligible under the new criteria introduced this season.
He highlighted the importance of giving those without top results a chance at silverware given the BTCC's close nature.
“Obviously every driver in touring cars is aiming to win. If the goal is not to win then you shouldn't be doing it. But it's so tough. Times are so tight from first to last. No one gives an inch. So what they've done with the Jack Sears Trophy is great.”
Simpson will be joined by BTCC race winner Jack Goff this year, with a second driver expected to be announced before the start of the season.
Another Winter Storm is About to Pummel the East Coast The arrival of spring is bringing one more thing with it: Winter Storm Toby. Toby, the East Coast's fourth nor'easter in three weeks, will dump heavy snow and flooding from the Carolina's to Maine. The National Weather Service has given out winter storm alerts for more than 10 states. Snow and rain will begin falling west of New York City on Tuesday before combining with a second storm and pushing heavy snow across NYC and up through Boston.
SCE&G's V.C. Summer nuclear site. The company raised utility rates for a nuclear expansion project it won't finish. Courtesy High Flyer
From Texas Standard:
There's a shakeup going on at the Texas Juvenile Justice Department after a Dallas Morning News investigation revealed widespread allegations of different types of abuse. Texas Governor Greg Abbott announced this week he's replacing the chief of the independent office that investigates safety complaints by youth in the department's custody. The new person in the office, JD Robertson, is a retired Texas Ranger.
Meanwhile five former or current juvenile justice center employees were arrested Thursday for charges including excessive force and tampering with government records.
Lindsey Linder, the Youth Justice Policy Attorney for the Texas Criminal Justice Coalition, says addressing these issues at the TJJD is long overdue.
“I'm encouraged to see the support from the Governor's office and the support from the Legislature,” she says. “There really seems to be an energy right now to solve these issues once and for all, and to reshape the system to be more of a model system that's really focused on the rehabilitation and growth of this youth.”
Linder praises the governor's decision to send the Rangers in to investigate, which ultimately led to the arrests. But the decision to replace
“It was very surprising to us that the governor decided to replace her,” she says. “The former Texas Ranger who has been appointed to take her place certainly has a very decorated military career and we're grateful for his service both to the country and to Texas, but I do think this new position is going to present him with some challenges in the sense that this position from my view is more of a social worker position. It's more about building relationships with youth and getting them to feel comfortable talking to you about what they're going through.”
Linder says she's hopeful that he will rise to the challenge.
Written by Jen Rice.
Ваш браузер не поддерживает данный формат видео. ( 0:00 / .00Mb / просмотров видео: 1) Sputnik. © Sputnik. Lavrov's Q&A Session at the Diplomatic Academy of the Russian Foreign Ministry
Speaking at the annual meetinf in the Diplomatic Academy of the Russian Foreign Ministry Sergei Lavrov said that the world is facing different crises nowaday. Export of democracy in the Middle East ended with civil wars in the region and refugee crisis in Europe, Russia's top diplomat said. The world should be united to fight current challenges, he added.
Moscow shares the sentiment of countries including the United States and the European Union hoping for renewed dialogue, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Wednesday, clarifying the equal nature of potential dialogue.
"Both in Washington and in European capitals there is talk these days of the need to restore confidence and resume dialogue with Russia. We share this attitude, which will hopefully translate into practical steps," Lavrov said at a meeting with the Russian Diplomatic Academy students and professors.
Speaking about situation in Donbass, Sergei Lavrov said that France, Germany and the United States should prevent Kiev's attempts to sabotage the set of agreements.
"We hope that our partners in the Normandy format, as well as the United States, put an end to attempts to sabotage the implementation of 'Minsk' by Kiev, whose destructive actions exacerbate the internal Ukrainian conflict," Lavrov said at a meeting with Russian diplomatic academy students and academics.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Gloucester fans looking forward to seeing Owen Williams making his competitive home debut for the club should not have any problems spotting him.
That's because the fly-half will be wearing pink boots in Saturday's game against Premiership leaders Northampton and throughout October to support Breast Cancer Awareness.
Williams is joining a number of Wales internationals Leigh Halfpenny, Jamie Roberts, Scott Williams and Ken Owens in donning the pink boots this month as part of boot manufacturer Under Armour's Power In Pink initiative for Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
Under Armour, who also manufacture Wales' rugby kit, have been running the programme since 2003 to educate women about the important role physical activity can play in helping to overcome breast cancer.
Williams joined Gloucester from Leicester in the summer but only made his first Premiership appearance as a replacement against Sale last weekend after overcoming a back problem.
He will start at fly-half against Northampton.
Jason Momoa confirmed for Comic Con
Jason Momoa, better known as Aquaman in Warner Bros' Justice League and as the Dothraki warlord Khal Drogo in Game of Thrones will be attending Comic Con Africa on 15 and 16 September.
Tis is according to Reed Exhibitions Africa, ReedPOP and VS Gaming, announcing Momoa as the first confirmed headline guest for the event.
Comic Con Africa will be held from 14 to 16 September 2018 at the Kyalami Grand Prix Circuit & International Convention Centre.
The first event of its kind on the continent, Comic Con will feature all elements of comic books, science fiction/fantasy related film, series and similar popular arts as well as a large range of pop culture and entertainment elements including animation, toys and gadgets.
The Michael Kors Mini Track Slim Quartz Diamond Accent MK3549 Women's Watch is given an unusual, pale Sable colour way, making several pieces fly off the shelves within almost no time. The Michael Kors Mini Track Slim Quartz Diamond Accent MK3549 Women's Watch oozes of confidence being one of the best-selling MK watches on the high streets. It consistently brings out the best of an outfit.
The Michael Kors Mini Track Slim Quartz Diamond Accent MK3549 Women's Watch has an olden faithful vibe to it, which comes from the glitters around the periphery of the dial. It makes the Michael Kors Mini Track Slim Quartz Diamond Accent MK3549 Women's Watch go with jeans and shirts as much as your mauve suit. It's a boyfriend-sized, rose gold plated, steel chunk that's both reliable and good looking.
No giddy, neither guilty feeling are associated with the price, making the Michael Kors Mini Track Slim Quartz Diamond Accent MK3549 Women's Watch ideal as birthday presents, Christmas gifts or as an anniversary presentation. Quite simply, it goes everywhere.
The Michael Kors Mini Track Slim Quartz Diamond Accent MK3549 Women's Watch has been the subject of stylistic experimentations, incorporating masculine styles amongst feminine features.
The shimmering, pearl-like finish resembling a mix between pewter, mauve and chocolate brown both on the dial and the case balances out the diamond accent glitters, bringing enough bling into the nightclub and staying almost dormant under broad daylight. They form an unusual shade, embracing the hints of a holiday-tan. You'll appreciate this subtle tone against your skin, when it shows its true, pleasant colour.
The Michael Kors Mini Track Slim Quartz Diamond Accent MK3549 Women's Watch has a statement-making 33mm case, paired with a rose gold-tone, polished and fine brushed bracelet. It adds a nice, assuring heft to the watch, toeing the line between sophistication and sporting. If you wear bomber jackets and jeans, the Michael Kors Watches will be a good choice.
However, it's not something to be your gym gear. It will make through the hardship unaffected, but it won't give you the vital, physiological info. Instead, it is achingly street-ready; its chunky, boyfriend-style is never shy of slipping under coat sleeves when required.
Bottom line: The Runway is a perennial favorite, so it goes without saying that the Michael Kors Cinthia Diamond Quartz Accent Women's Watch will be pretty much iconic on its own merits. It just gets a slim update for the holiday times and you can't help but fall in love with its unpretentious sleekness. Its overall design reads modern; enough to go with arms full of jewelry at the party as much as to go as a standout piece on its own when you're headed to work.
“There used to be confines to our storylines,” Madam Secretary star Téa Leoni says. She's sitting in the Queens television studio where her CBS drama is filmed — Henry's new office, to be exact, but we'll get to that in a moment — and reflecting on how Elizabeth McCord's political reality hasn't changed drastically since the series premiere in 2014… but since the 2016 American election, the outside world sure has.
“Certainly, the handcuffs are off. [Now,] no one's going to look at this show and say, ‘That would never happen.' That world left the building,” Leoni tells TVLine. “So this is certainly a different endeavor than it was last season… I think our first season, the focus was more maybe on the aspirational side of the show in terms of the family, and the marriage. And now, that shift has gone to the politics. This is aspirational politics.”
Sunday's Season 4 premiere (10/9c) wastes no time getting at real-world relevancy as it finds Elizabeth accused of some serious wrongdoing via a fake news story about the death of a foreign dignitary. (Complicating matters: He died during a meeting with her on the first day of the United Nations General Assembly.) “It's very timely, and it illuminates how easy it is for anyone to disseminate information that is false,” Leoni's co-star Tim Daly says. “It's an important discussion for us to have on the show, and for us to have as Americans, because having some kind of media literacy is becoming more and more important. Because we're flooded with stuff that's pure garbage.”
Still, Daly continues, he's “reticent” to say that shows like his have much effect on society at large. “We as actors, and certainly the writers, are interested in illuminating things in our culture that are worthy of discussion and are problematic and are challenges. I'm not sure that we're setting out to change anyone's mind or behavior, but we're out to engender discussions about these things because they're important.”
He adds that the show has never uses the terms “Democrat” or “Republican” when discussing characters' party affiliations, which engenders interesting reactions across the bipartisan fan base. “We have a lot of Republicans that love this show and a lot of Democrats that love this show, and because the ideas aren't labeled with a ‘D' or an ‘R,' they're open to it. They're forced to just listen to the idea and not dismiss it because of where it's coming from.”
Now, about that new office: Henry's part of the new season largely is concerned with his recently accepted job at the Central Intelligence Agency's Special Activities Division: “SAD,” Daly notes, laughing as he explains that the division's specific task is Russia-related. And yes, “Dmitri comes back, because he's a high-level asset.”
Episode 2 deals with a terrible incident happening to a local girl while Elizabeth is in Libya, and the Secretary of State's efforts to help her (“The idea of solving a human crisis first and then being surprised by the impact that it has on a political situation, I don't think we get to see that very often,” Leoni says); Episode 3 is when the government shutdown that executive producer Barbara Hall teased over the summer comes into play (“Ultimately it means somebody's not looking for a solution but sticking with politics, and that's the kind of thing that drives [Elizabeth] batty,” Leoni previews).
Throughout the coming episodes, the actress adds, Elizabeth has to balance her no-longer-a-D.C.-newbie status with what's made her such an efficient political appointee: her ability to think like an outsider.
“I don't want to wake up in fives seasons, and we have a policy wonk on our hands. That would be boring,” she says. “We all have to remind each other that we're looking for the other way. What's the simpler, less political way that this can get done? We'll continue to do that.
“And,” she adds, smiling, “if it's boring, we'll just go to nudity.”
admin Site Admin
Join Date: Mar 2007 Location: New Orleans Posts: 10,106 Blog Entries: 2
Ring masters: artists build a circus scene in New Orleans Up in the air with aerialists, acrobats and jugglers It's not hard to spot Elizabeth Rose's Fly Circus Space on North Claiborne Avenue in Treme.? Up in the air with aerialists, acrobats and jugglers It's not hard to spot Elizabeth Rose's Fly Circus Space on North Claiborne Avenue in Treme.?
ASK Mark ‘Howie' Howard his motivation for keeping fit and he can't help but grin.
“Ah, that would be Mrs Howie,” he says.
“She is just a hottie like you wouldn't believe. She is really, really fit, and so she has helped me with my diet and stuff like that.
“But as I said, Mrs Howie is hot, so I need to keep to a certain level or she might just send me packing.”
But soon after, the voice of the Big Bash on Channel 10 and host of hugely popular The Howie Games podcast quickly settles into something approaching serious.
Camera Icon Mark Howard enjoys training outdoors. Picture: News Corp Australia, Sam Ruttyn
“I've got a couple of young kids now, a seven-year-old and a five-year-old, and I'm just starting to teach them to surf. And my daughter has just really gotten into running,” he says.
“And if I don't keep myself fit, then in three or four years I'm not going to be able to do those things with them.
“I want to show them what you can do with life. There are a lot of people who struggle with issues of fitness and weight, and so your kids are looking at you at the dinner table or going for a run or going to the gym, and they want to be like you. It's so important to set a good example.”
As a Big Bash commentator, Mark's the first to admit he's got what many consider a dream job, but he says the amount of travel involved makes sticking to a strict diet almost impossible.
“How could you not be excited about the Big Bash — I get to sit next to Ricky Ponting and Adam Gilchrist and talk cricket all day. It's the best gig in the world,” he says.
“It's like I've won a prize.
“But it's hard when you're travelling, because you end up eating so much crap, whether it's on the plane or in the hotel or when you're out to dinner. And I found myself getting so tired all of the time.
“So I tried something completely different.”
SWEET NOTHING
THE biggest single change Mark made to his diet was to quit sugar, a decision he says “changed his life”.
Camera Icon Adam MacDougall puts Mark ‘Howie' Howard through the paces. Picture: News Corp Australia, Sam Ruttyn
“About 18 months ago, I was talking with a couple of mates who had gotten rid of sugar,” he says.
“And I thought I was eating pretty healthy, but I went and looked at everything I was eating and found sugar in just about everything.
“So I went really hardcore for about six months and didn't have any sugar at all. Even now, I only have natural sugar in fruit and things like that. It really did change my life.
“I feel so might stronger and healthier. I think it gives you so much more out of life. You can run and swim and play and surf, you just bounce out of bed every morning, and you don't feel that tiredness.”
THE BIG BASH TREATMENT
MARK admits he hadn't even seen the inside of gym until he turned 32, preferring to get his exercise outdoors by playing sports.
And just like the Big Bash turbocharges cricket, he reckons you can do the same for your fitness by doing short, high-intensity workouts rather than spending hours slogging away in a gym.
“I love being outside. Whether that's running or surfing — it's the best exercise you can get,” he says.
“But you don't need to spend hours doing things. Even if you think you're too busy, 20 minutes of exercise outside can make a huge difference.”
Camera Icon Mark Howard said quitting sugar changed his life. Picture: News Corp Australia, Sam Ruttyn
FAST FIVE
What's your favourite healthy food?
Nuts, nuts and more nuts
What's your favourite treat meal?
Ice cream. Definitely cookies and cream ice cream
What's your poison?
Carlton Draft. It's the best beer on the planet
What's your favourite motivation music?
U2, U2 and more U2. And maybe a bit of Taylor Swift — but please don't repeat that.
Best tip for people struggling with motivation?
Just get up tomorrow morning and do it. I know it sounds cliche, but you just need to start somewhere.
Adam MacDougall speaks to Jamie Whincup about fitness The West Australian Adam MacDougall speaks to Jamie Whincup about fitness
GET FIT AND HEALTHY WITH ADAM MACDOUGALL
Lose the beer gut without losing all the beers at themanshake.com.au
Adam MacDougall is the creator of The Man Shake. A new healthy, weight loss shake that is low in sugar, full of protein, fibre, vitamins and minerals that you can have on the run and leaves you feeling full.
For FREE Health & Fitness tips, follow Adam on:
FACEBOOK:
facebook.com/themanshake
TWITTER:
@adammacdougall5
INSTAGRAM:
@adammacdougall5
Even if you're not a fan of Mercedes-Benz, the S-Class deserves respect as each and every generation has been a proper technological tour de force. Since the launch of the W116 back in 1972 as the first model to be called S-Class, the fullsize luxury sedan has been leading the way for the Three-Pointed Star in terms of equipment, ushering in new tech that eventually trickled down to lesser models. That's the role of a flagship model and the S has managed to live up to its high-ranked status during its nearly 50-year existence if we're excluding the W108 and the models before it.
The sixth-generation model (W222) was unveiled more than five years ago and was given a mid-cycle refresh in 2017. Development never stops at Mercedes, which is why work is already well under way for a successor likely slated to arrive at some point in 2020. It would seem that prototypes are already being tested with many of the production-ready body panels, but this latest batch of spy shots reveals it's a different story inside the cabin.
While there's not much to see at this point because of the abundance of camouflage, it's still interesting to have an early look inside the future S-Class. There's a massive digital driver's display, which strangely enough isn't joined by the infotainment screen on the center console. The air vents in the middle are mounted way up high on the dashboard, but we have a feeling the layout will change on the production version.
Speaking of which, Mercedes has already suggested the dashboard configuration of the next S-Class will have a few things in common with that of the Maybach Ultimate Luxury concept. That means there will likely be a wide pair of displays in a more unified cluster as the two screens are expected to share the same background. A similar approach has already been implemented in the new A-Class and will also be seen in the forthcoming GLE.
With the official reveal probably at least two years away, very little is known about the new S. The company has announced that while there won't be a fully electric S-Class, it will launch a big EV sedan similar in philosophy. A more advanced autonomous driving system is a given, as are more efficient engines and a greener plug-in hybrid derivative.
The new S-Class could arrive in the United States as a 2021 model year in short- and long-wheelbase configurations. Further down the line, expect a new S63, while a V12-powered version will likely be reserved for the extra-long Maybach model as hinted a while back by AMG's boss.
Photos: Automedia, CarPix
First it was the electron behavior in a hydrogen molecule, then beryllium dihydride joined the club. Now, quantum computers have been used to calculate some of the properties of an atomic nucleus: the deuterium nucleus to be precise.
What we are witnessing are two concurrent and useful processes. The first, which we have covered extensively, is the development and availability of quantum computers. But, I've not really discussed the second at all: the development of algorithms.
You see, theorists—the potential users of quantum computers—have a dilemma. Quantum computers hold a lot of promise. It is highly likely that a good quantum computer can calculate the properties of things like molecules and atomic nuclei much more efficiently than a classical computer. Unfortunately, the current generation of quantum computers, especially those that the average theorist can get access to, are rather limited. This gives the theorists a challenge: can they make computations less resource-intensive so that they can be performed on the currently available hardware?
Most of you will be thinking, well, duh, of course, this happens all the time. But it happens all the time with classical computers. What we are seeing now is that this process is being extended for quantum computing algorithms, too.
Properties of the nucleus?
The nucleus is a scary place for people like me, who prefer the gentler world of whole atoms and molecules. A nucleus consists of protons and neutrons that are bound together by the strong force. The strong force's range is so short that protons and neutrons basically have to be within a few femtometers (10-15m) of each other before they stick together. Despite this, however, the nucleus has structure.
Picture a deuterium nucleus: it only has one proton and one neutron. The two are not stuck to each other like old leftovers at the back of your fridge, though. It is more like they are attached via a rubber band and vibrate around each other. Given a bit of energy (via an X-Ray or a gamma ray), the vibrations will get faster. The bond that holds the proton and neutron together can also snap, like an overstretched rubber band, causing the nucleus to fly apart. A sufficiently energetic gamma ray can cause this to happen.
What we are interested in knowing is how much energy it takes to go from one vibrational state to the next. We want to know the energy at which the nucleus will fall apart. We would also like to know the minimum energy of the nucleus.
Compressing the calculation
The issue with calculating these properties is that it takes a lot of resources. The energy landscape—the rubber band that holds the neutron and proton together—is a sum of, possibly, an infinite number of terms. The number of states we can examine for the two nucleons is limited only by the length of the sum used to calculate the energy landscape.
The result is that even a small calculation requires a lot of qubits.
There is a second consideration when it comes to quantum computations, though: how many and what type of operations do you need to perform to complete the calculation? It's not just a matter of having a limited number of qubits; over time, they'll lose their ability to hold quantum information, and the amount of time this takes depends on the hardware that's being used. All algorithms have to work within this limitation, which is often considered in terms of what's called computational depth (or volume).
To reduce the number of operations, the researchers noted that many two-qubit operations could be replaced by single-qubit operations.To understand how, it helps to think of a qubit as an arrow that points to a location on a sphere—we don't know the direction that the arrow is pointing, only that it has a likely value.
A single-qubit operation rotates the arrow by a fixed amount. We still don't know where the arrow is pointing, but we do know how much it has changed. A two-qubit operation flips the arrow of the targeted qubit, depending on the direction of the arrow of the control qubit. (Here, we have no idea where any of the arrows are pointing.)
Qubits are not perfect, though. This essentially means that the arrow doesn't have a precise direction; there's some margin of error in its direction. For a single-qubit operation, this is not so bad. The operations we perform in rotating it are reasonably precise, so the error does not grow too quickly. But, for two-qubit operations, the error grows more rapidly because the error in the control qubit is copied to the target qubit. So, reducing the number of qubits involved in each operation allows a quantum computer to perform longer calculations.
Optimized
And that is what the researchers did. They reduced the calculation of nucleon energy levels to mostly single-qubit operations, with just a few two-qubit ones thrown in. From this, they were able to calculate the ground state energy and estimate the binding energy (the energy required to break up the nucleus) for a deuterium nucleus.
As with all quantum computations, the results are statistical in nature, so the researchers have to perform the computation many times and take the average result. In this case, the researchers made use of two quantum computers—the IBM QX5 and the Rigetti 19Q—via their publicly available cloud computing APIs. This limited the number of computations that they could perform. Despite this, they obtained results within a few percent of the experimental values.
The calculation itself is nothing special. This particular nucleus has long been solvable with classical computers. The point was to start developing ways to fit calculations on small quantum computers. And this is important, because while many companies and research labs are developing quantum computers with more qubits, they're not increasing the number of operations we can do before a large error builds up on the qubit. That means all those new qubits have to be used to correct errors rather than perform calculations.
This does not mean that quantum computers will be limited to a low number of qubits or a low number of logic operations indefinitely. Instead, you should think of this as accepting that progress may be slow, and we're figuring out how to use what we have already as soon as possible.
Physical Review Letters, 2018, DOI: 10.1103/PhysRevLett.120.210501
Beijing 2022 organisers have prepared a list of more than 2,000 questions to ask at next week's Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympic de-brief.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) will gather in the Chinese capital from Monday (June 4) to assess this year's Winter Games which took place in South Korea in February.
It will be a key chance for Beijing to learn before their hosting duties in four years time, with IOC President Thomas Bach due to hear a report from the Chinese Organising Committee during the five-day event.
Yan Cheng, the human resources director for Beijing 2022, told China Daily the list of questions would be shared with members of the IOC delegation as well as officials from Pyeongchang.
They relate to areas including snow sport operations, he said.
"This marks the handover of Olympic hosting expertise from Pyeongchang to Beijing," said Yan.
"The share of knowledge and transfer of expertise from the Pyeongchang Organising Committee will enlighten us about the complexity of hosting the Winter Olympic Games and provide us with proven experience to facilitate our work."
Beijing 2022 leaders have already announced plans to attract more skilled international workers to play a part in the Winter Olympics and Paralympics.
The de-brief for Pyeongchang 2018 will be held next week ©Getty Images
Organisers hope to attract people to work in areas including sports management and volunteer services.
Yan told ECNS that international talent was needed as China's winter sports industry is still "relatively underdeveloped".
He also said the Organising Committee would strenghten its contact and cooperation with similar bodies overseas.
This could include attracting staff who worked at Pyeongchang 2018.
Fourteen experts from foreign countries have reportedly already helped Beijing address issues including venue planning, track design and overall logistics.
Beijing 2022 began their first extensive recruitment drive in April of last year.
It has so far led to 31 out of 3,894 applicants being appointed to various roles.
The Winter Olympics are due to run between February 4 and 20 in 2022.
The Paralympics are scheduled to follow between March 4 and 13.
Beijing itself will share the sporting action with clusters in Zhangjiakou and Yanqing.
The capital hosted the Summer Olympics and Paralympics in 2008 and will become the first city to also host the Winter editions.
Oklahoma City police are looking for two suspects they say stole merchandise from a local mall.
Officers say two women, who were captured on surveillance video, stole merchandise from JC Penney in Penn Square Mall on more than one occasion.
Anyone with any information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at (405) 235-7300, or leave a tip online at www.okccrimetips.com.
Amazon's bracing for protesters. The retailer giant is holding its shareholder meeting Wednesday and an activist group is planning to fly a plane over the meeting with a banner reading, "Bezos Needs a Boss." Yahoo Finance's Seana Smith, Dan Roberts, David Pogue and Andy Serwer discuss.
The Iranian foreign policy chief has warned the European Union against supporting the US position while also addressing the country's alleged influence in the Middle East.
"Our main concern now is cautioning European countries against wavering on issues beyond the scope of the [Iran] nuclear agreement and following in lockstep behind the White House. As the nuclear deal and the Middle East enter uncharted and potentially combustible territory, it is imperative that Europe helps ensure that we don't soon find ourselves repeating history," Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif wrote in an article for The New York Times newspaper, published on Monday.
Zarif recalled that over 10 years before the conclusion of the JCPOA in 2015, Tehran's negotiations with France, Germany, and the United Kingdom had failed when the European states under US pressure suddenly demanded Iran abandon all uranium enrichment activities, despite earlier agreements concerning their temporary voluntary freeze.
READ MORE: EU to Make Sure Iran Nuclear Deal Fully Implemented by All — Mogherini
"The nuclear deal is a rare triumph of diplomacy over confrontation. Undermining that would be a mistake. Europe should not pander to Washington's determination to shift focus to yet another unnecessary crisis — whether it be Iran's defensive missile program or our influence in the Middle East," Zarif pointed out.
According to the foreign minister, Iranian military capabilities are only defensive, and have only been used against "a few equally heinous adversaries," namely the regime of Iraq's former leader Saddam Hussein and its terrorist allies, and the Daesh terrorist group (banned in Russia).
Iran Nuclear Deal
Despite the fact that the International Atomic Energy Agency, which monitors the implementation of the Iran nuclear deal, having repeatedly confirmed Tehran's compliance with the terms set by the multilateral agreement, US President Donald Trump announced the "serious shortcomings" of the accord in mid-October, and threatened to pull out of the deal if it wasn't reconsidered.
READ MORE: US Not Withdrawing From Iran Nuclear Deal, But Trump Hasn't Dropped the Issue
The EU's foreign policy leaders, in particular, EU diplomat Federica Mogherini and the foreign ministers of France, the United Kingdom and Germany have reacted to the move, reiterating that the nuclear deal should be maintained.
READ MORE: Germany, UK, France Agree Iran Nuclear Deal Should be Preserved — Sigmar Gabriel
The US lawmakers now have until December 12 to decide whether to reimpose the sanctions on Iran that were lifted as part of the nuclear deal. Also, a number of sanctions on Iran have been imposed by Washington since 2016, namely by the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, signed by Trump in August.
Signed in 2015, the JCPOA between the European Union, Iran and P5+1 countries (China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States, plus Germany), which has been in effect since January 2016, stipulates the gradual lifting of the economic and diplomatic sanctions imposed on Iran by Western nations in exchange for Tehran ending its nuclear program.
BARRIE -
Bitter tears flowed in court Tuesday when a mother and father learned that the man who stabbed their 16-year-old son to death on Father's Day in 2007 will now become eligible for parole at an earlier date.
“The pain is still so deep and raw ... it doesn't go away,” mom Liz Hoage told a sentencing hearing as she wiped away tears.
Seven years ago, Joseph Nicholson, of Barrie, was sentenced to life in prison for stabbing her son, Joey Tanner, of Hamilton, three times in the back in June 2007 and for the attempted murder of his friend, Jeremy Rodgers, 17, of Alliston, who suffered a knife wound to the chest and almost died in the same attack.
The jury, which convicted Nicholson, spent five days deliberating before rendering a verdict of first-degree murder which carries a mandatory life sentence with no parole for 25 years.
However, the Ontario Court of Appeal recently shot down the verdict and ordered Nicholson to be sentenced for second-degree murder instead, stating the trial judge did not adequately instruct the jury. Second-degree murder carries a mandatory life sentence with no parole for a period of 10 to 25 years.
“These were vicious, violent, stab wounds,” said Crown attorney Ray Williams, who is asking for Nicholson's new parole eligibility to be set at 16 years.
Tanner and his teenage buddies had been drinking and snorting cocaine as they lingered outside a Barrie apartment building and taunted the young men inside to come out and fight. Inside the apartment, where there was no food in the cupboards, a teenaged single mom on welfare drank with her friends and passed around a platter of cocaine with a straw.
With a flick knife in his hand, Nicholson looked out the window and said “Let's go,” then “bull rushed” out the door toward his victims, who only expected a fist fight.
Within seconds he jabbed his victims with such force his knife penetrated bone, lung, liver and spleen.
As he lay yelping in pain on the ground, dying, blood spilling from his wounds, Tanner cried out for his mom.
Nicholson later smirked and told his friends, “I guess I got a body under my belt now,” court heard.
Williams noted the killer has a criminal record for violent offences and while in prison was caught with a shank and has been in multiple fights. “He is a tornado of violence,” Williams said.
Court heard how Nicholson was passed around to foster homes and that his own mother used to overdose him with Ritalin medication when he was a toddler so she wouldn't have to deal with him.
In court, Joey's father, Bill Tanner, suddenly rose, jabbed a finger at Nicholson in the prisoner's box and yelled: “You look me up when you get out, buddy.” He then rushed out of court.
Nicholson stood and apologized to the grieving mother and asked the judge for a chance.
“Your son did not deserve to die,” he said. “I'm sorry ... I want to rehabilitate myself.”
Outside of court, the family said the Court of Appeal decision has caused them to rehash the pain.
“There are more rights for the killers than for the victims,” said the mother.
Justice Guy Di Tomaso will impose a sentence Aug. 11.
× 1 of 6 Expand Jennifer Fenrich × 2 of 6 Expand Jennifer Fenrich × 3 of 6 Expand Jennifer Fenrich × 4 of 6 Expand Jennifer Fenrich × 5 of 6 Expand Jennifer Fenrich × 6 of 6 Expand Jennifer Fenrich Prev Next
Did you know? The crossroads of Fincastle, Salem, and Blacksburg lie at Catawba Valley. Set outside the Catawba Center, a refurbished brick school building, the Catawba Valley Farmers' Market bursts with activity on opening day. Music by Guitars for Vets fills the air with Knockin' on Heaven's Door. Freshly made strawberry scones are still warm to the touch. Smiling women in bonnets greet customers amidst their overflowing baskets of flowers.
Ann Harrell, the Market Manager since 2016, met me as I entered the market area. A welcoming smile and eager to show off the new banner hung at the top of the pavilion, she had time to chat. I arrived just as they opened. Since it was opening day, complimentary grown plants and sustainable grocery bags were given to each visitor. I learned that there were twelve vendors present for the day. One couple, Frankie and Louise Garman, are in their eighties and have lived in the Catawba Valley all their lives. They raise grass-fed beef and sell country ham and sausage. The farm, called Walnut Hill Farm has been a working farm since 1947. Another vendor, Hall's Gardens, sells produce, fruit, pickles, and goat milk soap. Steve Hall's mother was a principal at the Catawba School, prior to 1960. Roots run deep in Catawba Valley.
Walking and stopping at each booth to appreciate vendors' wares and say hello, I saw homemade baked goods, various flowers and vegetables, native wildflowers, shrubs and trees, beef, and pickles. Being a cookie monster, I purchased a humongous chocolate chip cookie for the ride home from the “Cookie Lady” and strawberry scones. Her real name is Meg Hibbert and she works hard to provide baked goods using seasonal produce when possible. She gave me a sticker with ingredients listed, including “… baking powder – and love.” Her table sits to the market entrance's right with the picturesque Catawba Valley as a backdrop. Later I concluded that her strawberry scone tasted like a cross between the filling of strawberry pie and the lightness of strawberry shortcake – pure heaven!
My last stop was McKeever Pottery. Rebecca McKeever, a local artist and retired art teacher from Salem, also illustrated the book Granny Camp. This picture book resonates with the area of white houses and tin roofs. Her family really did call Grandma's house, Granny Camp. I won't spoil the story. You'll have to stop by the market to get “yourself a book.”
As I left this vibrant, small yet welcoming market, more people streamed in despite the gathering dark clouds on the mountains that promised torrential rains. A visit definitely leaves you smiling and with difficulty juggling your purchases.
Come on down and experience a taste of local quality and freshness!
Hours: 3:30 – 6:30 on Thursdays, Mid-May – October
The 3rd Thursdays from May – September feature more crafters
Location: 4965 Catawba Creek Road, Catawba, VA
Sign Up: catawbafarmersmarket@outlook.com to receive their newsletter sent out early in the week, prior to market day, to hear about available produce and news/events for the day
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Learn more about Guitars for Vets, and the healing power of music for vets afflicted with PTSD.
Jennifer Fenrich of Shining Readers, LLC is a children's author and freelance writer. With over fifteen years as a reading teacher, she advocates children's literacy and helps all children “shine.” Jennifer loves spending time with family, writing, and exploring the outdoors.
FILE - In this March 2, 2012, file photo, former U.S. Congressman Charles Djou poses for a portrait at Ala Moana Beach Park in Honolulu. The former congressman from Hawaii says he's leaving the Republican Party because of President Donald Trump and the failure of fellow party members to stand up to him. (AP Photo/Kent Nishimura, File)
FILE - In this March 2, 2012, file photo, former U.S. Congressman Charles Djou poses for a portrait at Ala Moana Beach Park in Honolulu. The former congressman from Hawaii says he's leaving the Republican Party because of President Donald Trump and the failure of fellow party members to stand up to him. (AP Photo/Kent Nishimura, File)
HONOLULU (AP) - A former congressman from Hawaii said Monday he's leaving the Republican Party because of President Donald Trump and the failure of fellow party members to stand up to him.
Charles Djou, who represented Honolulu in the U.S. House from 2010 to 2011, wrote in an opinion piece published in Civil Beat on Monday he's disturbed that the Republican Party under Trump has become hostile to immigration.
Djou lamented Trump's desire to launch a trade war, his treatment of veterans like Sen. John McCain, his belittling of lawmakers and his recitation of conspiracy theories.
"I can no longer stand with a Republican Party that is led by a man I firmly believe is taking the party of Lincoln in a direction I fundamentally disagree with, and a party that is unwilling to stand up to him," Djou wrote.
Djou said he's most disappointed by the failure of the GOP to clearly and consistently condemn Trump's "childish behavior."
"Sadly today, too many Republicans either applaud Trump's tirades or greet them with silent acceptance," Djou said. "This leads to an implicit ratification by the GOP of Trump's undisciplined, uninformed and unfocused leadership as a core part of the Republican Party."
The White House didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Djou served in the Honolulu City Council and in the state House. He is a lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Army Reserve.
He unsuccessfully ran for Congress in 2012 and 2014. He's not currently seeking public office.
Shirlene Ostrov, the chairwoman of the Hawaii Republican Party, said the party is disappointed but wishes Djou its best.
"He doesn't share the same values as the Republican Party of today, and I understand he has to part ways in order, perhaps, to go a different way himself politically," she said.
I'm not saying we shouldn't be angry.
Anger seems reasonable. But perhaps
we will do what I've heard the Inuit do—
spend the emotion on walking, walk a line
until all the anger has left our bodies.
The moment the Inuit notice the anger is gone,
replaced, perhaps, by sadness or fear,
compassion or just a quietness,
they mark that spot with an object
to show the extent of their anger.
And perhaps, if we're lucky, when we walk
this way, it will be a long enough walk
that we arrive at each other's doors,
object in hand, and when the object
leaves our grip, we'll be able to use our hands
to greet each other, touch each other's faces,
point to the horizon to all the other places
we might choose to walk now together.
Every Thursday from 3:30 to 4:00 on 580 Sports Talk the guys will discuss all things Big 12 during our Firekeeper Golf Course Big 12 Breakdown.
David Ubben joins the guys to take a look at the weekend that was and preview the weekend's action.
K-State and KU both are in action on Saturday as they take on a pair of Texas schools. Find out who David Ubben likes in those match-ups, plus talk on targeting and the other key games in the Big 12.
By The Associated Press
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — The equipment truck for the Boston Red Sox will stop in Rhode Island on its way to Florida for spring training.
The truck plans to stop on Monday at McCoy Stadium, in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. The stadium is home to the Pawtucket Red Sox, the Boston Red Sox Triple-A affiliate.
PawSox fans will welcome the truck for "Truck Day'' around 1 p.m., then send it on its way to Fort Myers, Florida.
The team's mascots and club officials are taking part in the festivities.
The Rhode Island Food Bank will be collecting non-perishable donations. Fans who bring a donation will receive a general admission ticket to opening night at McCoy on April 6.
The truck carries an assortment of baseball equipment and supplies, including more than 20,000 baseballs.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2018
There's snow and ice on the ground, but it's about to heat up inside US Bank Stadium. Super Bowl LII is here, and Bill Belichick and Tom Brady are back for yet another opportunity to add to the record books.
The New England Patriots, looking to repeat as champions, will face the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday in frigid Minneapolis. Kickoff is scheduled for 6:30 p.m. ET (5:30 p.m. local time). While the Minneapolis stadium has a fixed roof, fans may need to think twice about tailgating: The National Weather Service calls for bitter cold and the wind chill to be 10 below zero for most of the weekend.
Perhaps it's appropriate the two teams that reached this point both are accustomed to cold weather. The Eagles lead the all-time series 7-6 against the Patriots, but New England has won four of the last five and is favored to win Sunday.
Philadelphia matched New England's win-loss record this season (both teams are 15-3 heading into the game) and clobbered the Minnesota Vikings 38-7 to win the NFC championship -- and disappointing the Minnesota faithful in the process. Like the Patriots, which defeated the Jacksonville Jaguars 24-20 in the AFC title game, the Eagles were the top seed in their conference.
Still, purple remains the dominant color in the Minneapolis area as fans sport the color of the host city team. And the Eagles would absolutely delight haters of the Patriots should they pull off an upset.
Sunday will be the Eagles' third Super Bowl appearance in franchise history, the last of which was a 24-21 loss to Brady, Belichick and the Patriots in Super Bowl XXXIX back in 2005.
Meanwhile, the Patriots are making a record 10th Super Bowl appearance, and the game will be the eighth for Belichick and Brady, the most NFL title games for any head coach and starting quarterback duo in league history. Their five Super Bowl wins together are the most that a head coach and starting quarterback have accomplished together.
Should they win a sixth, New England will tie the Pittsburgh Steelers for the most Super Bowl titles in history. And Belichick would pass Vince Lombardi and tie George Halas and Curly Lambeau with the most NFL championships in league history.
"It's hard for me to really picture that," Belichick said when asked about being linked with those famed coaches. "They're such great legendary coaches. I don't really see myself -- I don't think of it that way. I just think of how great they were, what they meant to the game, what they accomplished and how much respect I have for them."
Brady, who at 40 is making his NFL-record eighth career Super Bowl start, is the only starting quarterback in league history to win five Super Bowls and the only player to win four Super Bowl MVP awards (XXXVI, XXXVIII, XLIX and LI).
He is the all-time leader in Super Bowl passing yards (2,071), completions (207), passing attempts (309) and touchdown passes (15). He is also the NFL postseason leader in wins by a starting quarterback (27), completions (892), passing attempts (1,416), passing yards (9,721) and touchdown passes (68).
"I think Coach Belichick does a great job kind of getting the guys ready," Brady said. "I mean, this is exciting for me, too. So, I've never taken anything like this for granted, and I think we're all very fortunate to be in this game. It's a lot of hard work to get here."
It's a much different situation for the Eagles -- who have never won a Super Bowl -- and quarterback Nick Foles. The 29-year-old started the season as the backup but was pressed into duty when starter Carson Wentz suffered a torn ACL in December.
He's filled in admirably. In this year's postseason, Foles has completed 49 of 63 passes (77.8%) for 598 yards with three touchdowns and no interceptions for a 122.1 passer rating.
"Everyone around me helped me tremendously," Foles said. "We just kept working at it, fine-tuning everything, where we started to get a rhythm."
Foles is the fourth quarterback in the Super Bowl era to win two postseason games after making three or fewer starts in the regular season, joining Doug Williams (the 1987 Washington Redskins), Jeff Hostetler (the 1990 New York Giants) and Frank Reich (the 1992 Buffalo Bills).
He is trying to become the first backup quarterback to win a Super Bowl since Brady did it in the 2001 season.
Led by second-year head coach Doug Pederson, the Eagles had 13 regular-season wins, completing a worst-to-first turnaround. Philadelphia is the first team since the 2009 New Orleans Saints to win its division the season after finishing in or tied for last place and advance to the Super Bowl. New Orleans won the title that season.
"I'm excited," Pederson said. "This is a great opportunity for myself, our coaches, for our players, obviously, and the city of Philadelphia."
PARIS | Several U.S.-based climate scientists are about to hit the jackpot, as French President Emmanuel Macron prepares to award them multi-year, all-expenses-paid grants to relocate to France.
The “Make Our Planet Great Again” grants are part of Macron's efforts to counter U.S. President Donald Trump on the climate change front. Macron announced a competition for the projects in June, hours after Trump declared he would withdraw the U.S. from the global accord reached in Paris in 2015 to reduce climate-damaging emissions.
FILE - In this July 13, 2017 file photo, U.S President Donald Trump, left, shakes hands with French President Emmanuel Macron after a press conference at the Elysee Palace in Paris. Macron announced a competition for the grants hours after Trump declared he would withdraw the U.S. from the global accord reached in Paris in 2015 to reduce climate-damaging emissions. Macron is unveiling the winners Monday Dec.11, 2017 evening ahead of a climate summit. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber, File)
Macron is unveiling the first winners Monday evening at a startup incubator in Paris called Station F, where Microsoft and smaller tech companies are announcing projects to finance activities aimed at reducing emissions.
Monday's event is a prelude to a bigger climate summit Tuesday aimed at giving new impetus to the Paris accord and finding new funding to help governments and businesses meet its goals.
More than 50 world leaders are expected in Paris for the “One Planet Summit,” co-hosted by the U.N. and the World Bank. Trump was not invited.
Initially aimed at American researchers, the research grants were expanded to other non-French climate scientists, according to organizers. Candidates need to be known for working on climate issues, have completed a thesis and propose a project that would take between three to five years.
The time frame would cover Trump's current presidential term.
The applicant list was whittled down to 90 finalists in September, the majority of them Americans or based in the U.S., according to French national research agency CNRS.
About 50 projects will be chosen overall, and funded with 60 million euros ($70 million) from the state and French research institutes.
Some French researchers have complained that Macron is showering money on foreign scientists at a time when they have been pleading for more support for domestic higher education.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- A German Shepherd-mix puppy who was so badly bow-legged that he couldn't walk has come a long way since veterinarians began treating him at a local animal shelter, and now he has a permanent home.
Antilles the rescue dog has definitely had his share of trials, but his luck changed when he was brought to the Helen Woodward Animal Center on March 1. A birth defect and possible overfeeding left his furry little legs extremely bowed. They could barely support his body weight.
The vets at the Helen Woodward center monitored him and fitted him with special splints. Those splints were removed last month.
“First 30 minutes that the news story went out nationally, we just started getting calls from all over,” said Helen Woodward Animal Center spokeswoman Jessica Gercke. The Otsuka family sent in an application that stood out and even included a PowerPoint presentation, Gercke said.. Their daughter Cassidy has some health challenges of her own and Helen Woodward officials decided that Antilles and her would be a perfect match.
“We're super excited and happy haha,” said Cassidy's mother, Desiree Otsuka. "I'm so happy I could do my happy dance.” .
Otsuka says she is grateful that Antilles is now part of their special family. She says the dog is a reminder tthat trials that don't break us -- they make us stronger.
“Everyone has their challenges and my own daughter, she actually suffers from absence epilepsy, which is a very unique condition," Otsuka said. "She's a little bit different, and she knows what it's like to be a little bit different. And because of that, that really drew her to Antilles too, because he's a little bit different.”
The news about Antilles went viral, and when the Blue Buffalo Dog Food company heard about him, they sent his new family a year's supply of dog food.
“I think he's going to live a very happy life and be able to run around like other puppies,” Gercke said.
1 of 58 View Captions
Court proceedings will continue for a Pittsburg, Kansas man charged with killing two family members.
In a hearing Thursday, David Mcnabb was found competent to stand trial .
He's charged with the first degree murders of his 65-year-old uncle Ken Mcnabb and 87-year-old grandmother Betty Mcnabb.
In November of last year, the victims were reported missing from their home near Pleasanton, where relatives discovered blood inside.
Police documents show investigators confirmed the discovery of blood in the hallway, kitchen and bedroom.
A KBI crime scene response teams also found plastic jugs of bleach and a spray bottle of carpet cleaner which appeared to have been used to clean up the scene.
A few days later, the victims' bodies were discovered buried about four feet deep on a property west of Pittsburg.
A property owner reported seeing Mcnabb and his truck with a front-end loader on November tenth.
Investigators were led to a tree line where they discovered disturbed earth.
An autopsy showed that Betty Mcnabb had a skull fracture that had apparently been delivered by a non-edged blunt weapon.
The autopsy on Kenneth Mcnabb revealed gunshot wounds in his chest and lower neck -- apparently from a 22-caliber bullet.
A preliminary hearing is set for January 16-17, 2018, at 9 am in Linn County, Kansas District Court.
The game was closely contested through three quarters as Highland's old-school rushing attack, led by quarterback Cole Peterson's two touchdown runs, kept the Rams within striking distance. Although struggling to find an answer for Cooper, cornerback/running back Trayton Keyes picked off Cooper's only errant ball on the night, and Keyes was rewarded for his efforts on the ensuing drive, bruising his way for a 2-yard touchdown run.
Paul Gobble of Richland, right, one of the bicyclists injured in the crash, listens as the murder trial for Charles Pickett Jr. begins in Kalamazoo County Circuit Court Tuesday, April 24, 2018 in Kalamazoo, Mich. Police allege Pickett, now 52, of Battle Creek, had a cocktail of drugs in his system when he crashed his pickup truck into nine bicyclists, killing five, on June 7, 2016. Pickett faces five counts of second-degree murder and five counts of operating while under the influence causing death and four counts of operating while intoxicated causing serious injury for the injuries caused to bicyclists. (Mark Bugnaski/Kalamazoo Gazette-MLive Media Group via AP)
Paul Gobble of Richland, right, one of the bicyclists injured in the crash, listens as the murder trial for Charles Pickett Jr. begins in Kalamazoo County Circuit Court Tuesday, April 24, 2018 in Kalamazoo, Mich. Police allege Pickett, now 52, of Battle Creek, had a cocktail of drugs in his system when he crashed his pickup truck into nine bicyclists, killing five, on June 7, 2016. Pickett faces five counts of second-degree murder and five counts of operating while under the influence causing death and four counts of operating while intoxicated causing serious injury for the injuries caused to bicyclists. (Mark Bugnaski/Kalamazoo Gazette-MLive Media Group via AP)
KALAMAZOO, Mich. (AP) - A prosecutor says a Michigan motorist accused of running down nine bicyclists, killing five of them, was driving well above the speed limit and didn't apply his brakes until striking the first victim.
Kalamazoo County Assistant Prosecutor Michael Kanaby told jurors in his opening statement Tuesday that witnesses will testify they saw 52-year-old Charles Pickett of Battle Creek driving erratically before the 2016 crash.
Pickett is charged with 14 counts, including five each of second-degree murder and operating a motor vehicle while under the influence of drugs causing death. He faces up to life in prison if convicted.
The Kalamazoo Gazette reports defense attorney Keith Turpel said the evidence isn't enough to convict Pickett of murder. He said prosecutors must prove other elements, including Pickett's state of mind.
___
Information from: Kalamazoo Gazette, http://www.mlive.com/kalamazoo
Speech to Text for Moving and Grooving camp
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
grooving this morning! music -- & and, clap! indiana state university hosted the summer camp. today's class was based around singing and performing at the same time. instructors picked a couple of fun 'pop' songs. then -- the students learned some movements to go along with them. "it's a lot of fun for the kids. they all enjoy dancing. it's a lot of fun for us. as a future music educator, it's nice to get in front of kids and teach them stuff like that." today's class was part of a bigger picture for the summer. we'll explain how kids are getting a new view on art... coming up at 6. [e3]tease 4 (school shooting)-vo a suspect remains at large after an overnight break-in at
This farmer's wife has fashioned, stitched and sold wedding gowns around the world.
“I always loved to sew, and my bridal business just grew from that, really,” said Audra Wilson.
Eldon and Audra Wilson operated a grade-A dairy at Harveyville in Wabaunsee County for many years. “That's a long ways from a bridal shop,” she admitted.
“I sewed for my family, made my daughters' wedding gowns, costumes for programs,” reflected Audra, mother of three girls and two sons.
“I never had any sewing lessons, just learned from my mother and grandmother,” she noted
From meager beginning with this farmwoman's creative personal touch, Audra's Country Bridal has thrived.
Thousands of brides, entire wedding parties worldwide have appreciated Audra's loving assistance.
After 46 years, Audra's Country Bridal, now right on the old Santa Fe Trail, in Burlingame, is closing.
An internet auction of all remaining bridal and formal outfits, accessories and fixtures is being conducted by Webb & Associates Auctions & Appraisals.
“It's difficult, but the time has come,” Audra conceded.
It was while working at Topeka K-Mart assisting brides with selections and fittings that Audra's brainchild began.
“The store manager said I needed to open a bridal shop, and it just zoomed,” Audra admitted.
“Brides would come in, describe or show a picture of what they wanted. I'd sketch it, and make the gown,” she said.
With Audra's unique innovations and designs, “The business just mushroomed all over the world,” she humbly recognized.
First at Fairlawn Plaza in Topeka, Audra's moved to 21st & Gage, then Holiday Square, and has been in Burlingame four years.
While Audra has always been the designer-seamstress, a number of employees have assisted through the decades. “Mostly sales doing fittings, sometimes straight seams, had six girls at one time,” she remembered.
Work went beyond the shop. “I did a lot of sewing at home, evenings and weekends. I just loved doing it,” Audra requoted.
Demand, “hundreds every year,” outgrew Audra's time limitations such addition of commercially-made gowns.
“I worked with wedding shops all around the country, New Orleans, California,” Audra commented.
“Our mission was always to provide brides with the ultimate in fashion, fit and service,” Audra verified. “We offered only the highest level quality and design in all of our gowns that made every woman look and feel beautiful.
“Our one-stop-shop experience covered bridal designer gowns, with dresses for bride's mothers, bridesmaids, flower girls, the entire wedding party,” she insisted. “We had veils, jewelry, shoes, tiaras, baskets, Bibles.”
“We had everything brides needed for their wedding, except the groom,” Audra smiled.
Yet, she also took care of wedding menfolk. “We offered tuxedo options ready to rent,” Audra verified, “with packages for groomsmen, ring bearer, the bride's dad and grandfathers.”
As if that wasn't enough, Audra was often called upon for special custom outfits.
“I made costumes for The Nutcracker play in Topeka several years, recitals, school uniforms, just about everything,” she said. “I made different outfits for girls as they grew up, for pageants, the prom, then their wedding.”
Yes, Audra's gowns have been worn by brides around the world. “England, Saudi Arabia, Holland. That was the prettiest dress I ever designed and made,” Audra said. “A KU student heard about my services, the bride in Holland described what she wanted. It was just beautiful.”
On numerous occasions, Audra was called on by brides to assist with final-minute gown adjustments. “A bride in Saudi Arabia asked me to help with her gown, but I don't fly. I turned that down,” Audra said.
There have been emergencies. “One bridesmaid panicked after getting candlewax on her gown just before the ceremony,” Audra recalled. “I went right over with some cleaner, helped her, and it was fine.”
Some weddings have many more than the bride and groom. “One bride had 18 bridesmaids. I made all the gowns, the mothers, flower girl, outfitted the groom, all the men, too,” Audra remembered.
There's no record of how many gowns Audra's fashioned personally, even larger would be the thousands of brides and wedding parties Audra's outfitted.
This includes fashioning three generations of some families. “The bride came to me, because I'd made wedding dresses for both her mother and grandmother,” Audra said. “Everything's always been very reasonably priced, too.”
Close-out of Audra's Country Bridal is very dear to Audra's heart. “Eldon's health is not good, and I need to be at home,” she said. “I didn't know how to sell out. A bridal shop in Kansas City successfully dispersed through an internet auction. So, that's what I decided to do.”
There'll be thousands of wedding gowns, formals, bridal party outfits, jewelry, and accessories, plus furniture and store fixtures.
“I've just loved helping all of these brides and everybody with my designs and sewing. I really enjoyed it,” Audra, 89, assured.
​
War on Civility Rages During July 4th Holiday
On this episode of "Fault Lines," hosts Garland Nixon and Lee Stranahan discuss how recent comments by Maxine Waters and other leaders have caused the current political climate to become even more heated. What is the current state of our civil discourse and why it is important to treat your political adversaries with respect?
Scheduled Guests:
Darlene Brown [In-Studio] — CEO of DivineEmpowerment.org | The War on Civility
Mark Frost - Economist and Professor | High-Stakes Showdown: Harley-Davidson vs President Trump
Derek Hunter — Contributing Editor at the Daily Caller & Columnist at Townhall | Is the Liberal Mob in Full-Fledged Meltdown Mode?
Guadalupe Correa-Cabrera — Associate Professor at the Schar School of Policy and Government at George Mason University | What is Mexico's Future with a New Populist President?
Jason Goodman of 'CrowdSource the Truth' | The New #AwanBrothers Prosecutor is Connected to the Bob Menendez Case…
In response to recent tariff policies, Harley-Davidson has stated an intention to move some of its production overseas which has irked President Trump. Economist Mark Frost returns to Fault Lines to explain Harley's decision and the possible fallout of going through with such a decision.
The election of a new President in Mexico has brought hope of possible political reform within the country. Guadalupe Correa-Cabrera, a Professor from George Mason University, joins the show live from Mexico City to breakdown this result and what it could mean for the future of Mexico and the Mexican people.
For the final segment, Jason Goodman of 'Crowdsource the Truth' joins the show from outside the US Courthouse at 333 Constitution Ave NW in Washington DC to report on the case of the Awan Brothers. The details surrounding the Awan Brothers continue to shock those willing to look, but the mainstream media appears set on brazenly ignoring the story.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
Christopher Wylie, the 28-year-old man who both founded and blew the whistle on Cambridge Analytica, the data-analytics firm that played an important role in Trump's 2016 campaign and the Brexit Leave campaign, had his Facebook account disabled on Sunday.
March 20 (UPI) -- An American college student who went missing after a rugby tournament in Bermuda was found dead Monday.
Mark Dombroski, a 19-year-old freshman from St. Joseph's University in Philadelphia, was found dead in the moat of a former infantry camp for the Bermuda Garrison, the Bermuda Police Service said during a press conference.
An autopsy is pending to determine the cause of death and police have not ruled out foul play.
"We extend our heartfelt condolences to the Dombroski family," said James Howard, acting assistant commissioner of the Bermuda Police Service.
Howard told reporters that the location where Dombroski's body was found is approximately one mile from a bar and restaurant where he was last seen with relatives on Sunday night.
But Dombrokski left the party alone at around 12 a.m. CCTV footage showed Dombroski still alone and using a cell phone at 1:09 a.m. in a different area between the restaurant and the moat.
Police said they will continue to investigate the incident.
St. Joseph's University said its community is "heartbroken" after learning of Dombroski's death.
"We extend our deepest sympathies to the Dombroski family along with Mark's teammates, classmates and friends," he university said in a statement Monday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You could be one of almost two million people who are entitled to more than £50 worth of refunds.
It is all down to overcharging customers on a service to register for powers of attorney.
The Office of the Public Guardian didn't drop its prices after finding cheaper ways to grant powers of attorney and it cannot make a profit.
Old Mutual sent in Freedom of Information request and discovered 1.8million customers had been overcharged buy up to £54.
"The Ministry of Justice is only supposed to charge enough to cover the cost of providing the service, but the large number of applications meant it made a £89 million surplus, which it now needs to repay," said Rachael Griffin, tax and financial planning expert at Old Mutual Wealth told the Mirror.
Are you eligible?
Refunds are available for those who applied to register lasting or enduring powers of attorney between 1 April 2013 and 31 March 2017.
You only need to make one claim for each donor, even if you made more than one power of attorney. You can claim for a refund if you're:
the ‘donor' - the person who made the power of attorney
an ‘attorney' - appointed by the donor in an LPA or EPA
The refund must be paid to the donor.
Depending on when you applied, you will get between £34 and £54 - with 0.5% interest added. If you paid a reduced fee, you'll only get half the refund.
How to make a claim
You only fill in one form to make a claim. There is a dedicated helpline and you can also apply online .
Call 0300 456 0300 and select option six. Lines are open Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday from 9am to 5pm and Wednesday from 10am to 5pm
Calls cost up to 10p a minute from a landline and between 3p and 40p a minute from a mobile.
Have your say
A Worksop man who visited his parents on the day he left prison despite being banned has been sent back to jail, a court has heard.
Ashby Espin, 26, of Cheapside, admitted harassment by breaching a restraining order, when he appeared before magistrates in Mansfield, on Monday.
He attended the address on Gladstone Avenue, on Friday, August 11, and asked his mother for some money, which she gave him, said prosecutor Leanne Townshend.
He returned later and the police were called, she said.
“In police interview, he denied going to the address and said his parents were trying to stitch him up.”
Espin received 12 weeks in prison, for damaging property, on June 6, and was fined for a drug matter on August 9.
Sarah Neale, mitigating, said he returned to Worksop to live with his brother.
“He went around to try to explain he was trying to sort himself out regarding his drug use,” she said.
“Because he had been drinking and his mum smelled the alcohol he was asked to leave.”
Espin spent the weekend in custody, said Ms Neale.
She added that he had been addicted to heroin and cocaine, and was now on a methadone prescription.
While in prison he gained qualifications in English and maths, and was now looking for labouring work, she added.
Espin was sent back to prison for eight weeks, and ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge.
Mysterious star KIC 8462852 that has been confounding astronomers since its 2015 discovery is continuing to do so, as spectacularly as only KIC 8462852 can.
According to all-sky survey records examined by researchers at Carnegie Mellon University, the star exhibited strange behaviour over 10 years ago, too - which means current theories about it just had a massive spanner thrown in the works.
KIC 8462852, around 1,500 light-years away, is also known as Tabby's Star or Boyajian's Star after Tabetha Boyajian, the Yale astronomer who first brought the star's unusual behaviour to light in 2015. She noticed that the star's light was dimming very strangely.
The Kepler telescope spends its days looking for dimming stars - a dimming pattern is how we find exoplanets. When a planet passes between us and its host star as it orbits, the light of the star dims from our perspective.
Exoplanet dimming is regular and periodic and limited. But KIC 8462852's dimming is irregular, and the amount it dims varies. Its most recent dimming occurred in September this year, dropping 3 percent, but it has also been observed dropping by 22 percent. There is no discernible pattern to the star's fluctuations in brightness.
KIC 8462852 also seems to have been on a very slow fade, dimming gradually over time. Yet an analysis that included a century's worth of data found that this was not the case, and now the Carnegie researchers have found something else: KIC 8462852 has significantly brightened in the past, too.
Researchers examined 11 years worth of data from All Sky Automated Survey (ASAS) and about 2 years worth of more recent data from the high-precision All-Sky Automated Survey for Supernovae (ASAS-SN).
They found that the star has, in fact, been dimming since February 2015, and is now 1.5 percent dimmer than it was then.
But they also found that the star had two periods of significant brightening, one in 2007 and another in 2014.
"Up until this work, we had thought that the star's changes in brightness were only occurring in one direction - dimming," researcher Josh Simon explained. "The realisation that the star sometimes gets brighter in addition to periods of dimming is incompatible with most hypotheses to explain its weird behaviour."
These theories include a ringed planet passing in front of the star, either absolutely enormous or a smaller one with an orbital wobble; a swarm of comets; space junk; aliens (???); the star swallowing a planet; something happening inside the star itself; and the scientific equivalent of a shrug emoji.
New research led by Huan Meng of the University of Arizona, published in The Astrophysical Journal, just proposed that the dimming may actually be due to an irregular cloud of dust - because there's less dimming in the infrared light than the ultraviolet light, and anything larger than dust would block all light.
"This pretty much rules out the alien megastructure theory, as that could not explain the wavelength-dependent dimming," Meng said. "We suspect, instead, there is a cloud of dust orbiting the star with a roughly 700-day orbital period."
If it is dust, the star will get redder when it dims, which would be consistent with the dust theory, so that's what Carnegie co-researcher Benjamin Shappee believes the next step should be.
"That information would help narrow down the possible explanations for why this star is doing such strange things," he said.
You can follow the quest to understand Tabby's Star on the Twitter hashtag #TabbysStar.
Simon and Shappe have submitted their research for publication in AAS Journals, and it can be read online at preprint resource arXiv.
By any outward criteria, Putin could afford to let Navalny campaign freely. It's obvious that Russia has weathered the economic consequences of the commodity price collapse and Putin's 2014 break with the West. The oil price is holding at a level the government considers sustainable for the Russian budget. Core inflation is down to the U.K. level. Economic growth is back, and there's especially robust progress in agriculture, the sector Putin had singled out for priority development as Russia battened down its hatches in 2014. The Saudi king has paid his first ever visit to Moscow: Russia is stronger in the Middle East than it has ever been since the breakup of the Soviet Union. Ukraine, the biggest thorn in Putin's side, has descended into its usual quagmire of political squabbling and economic incompetence. In other words, everything is going reasonably well -- there are no obvious defeats or failures that could undermine Putin's dominance in Russia.
Producer Harvey Weinstein is reacting to sexual assault allegations by pledging to “channel anger” at the NRA.
On October 5 the New York Times reported “nearly three decades” of “previously undisclosed” sexual assault allegations against Weinstein.
advertisement
According to the Washington Examiner, Weinstein responded the allegations by saying, “I am going to need a place to channel my anger so I've decided I'm going to give the NRA my full attention.”
“I hope Wayne LaPierre will enjoy his retirement party,” he added. “I'm going to do it at the same place I had my Bar Mitzvah.”
Weinstein's anti-gun stance has been well-known for years. Breitbart News reported that Weinstein spoke of wanting to reduce gun violence in his movies at the start of 2014. He told Piers Morgan. “I have to just choose movies that aren't violent or as violent as they used to be. And I know for me, personally, I can't continue to do that. The change starts here. It has already.” One year later, he produced one of the most violent films of recent memory, Quentin Tarantino's The Hateful Eight: a film rife with people shooting other people.
The Daily Mail reported that Weinstein also pledged to make the NRA “wish they weren't alive” with still-in-development film The Senator's Wife. He said, “I don't think we need guns in this country…I hate it.”
Meanwhile, background checks for gun purchases are on track to make 2017 the year for the second-highest level of checks in history.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
MIAMI (AP) - Mere seconds came between those who died and those who survived when a pedestrian bridge crumbled and fell atop motorists driving along a busy Miami highway late last week.
Six people died in the rubble of the collapsed bridge and those who survived Thursday's ordeal gave harrowing accounts of what happened.
The drivers were out on the most ordinary of errands. A teenager was driving her friend to the doctor's office to pick up some medicine. A father of three was heading home from work. A woman on her way to a nail salon was stopped at a red light.
The bridge plummeted onto the highway below, killing some and narrowly missing others. As investigators try to determine what caused the bridge to fall, survivors and grieving families of the dead are left to cope with their sudden and explicable loss.
Pune, May 30, 2018–Knight Frank has strengthened its private client offering with the expansionof its market leading Global Prime team. The team, led by Paddy Dring, head of global prime sales consists of Knight Frank's Private Office, based in London and run by Rory Penn and Thomas van Straubenzee, together with a specialist group of global property experts workingalongside them, dedicated to transacting the world's finest properties.
The Knight Frank Private Officeoffers a market-leading residential and commercial real estate advisory service, focussed on acquisition and disposal for private clients, family offices and wealth advisors. Rory Penn and Thomas van Straubenzeeprovide a bespoke and personal service based on trust and transparency and will offer a single point of contact for clients, allowing them to benefit from a long-term trusted adviser relationship.
Through thePrivate Office, private clients will have access to the collective knowledge, and experience of Knight Frank's property advisers around the world. Working alongside the Private Office is a specialist team of global property experts based in the Asia Pacific markets.
Victoria Garrett, Asia Pacific Head of Residential at Knight Frank, says, “Knight Frank has increased its talent pool in the super prime team in this region over the last 12 months, particularly in Australia and Hong Kong. We will continue to grow the team to offer our clients in-depth knowledge of the global super prime market and to meet the bespoke requirements of our clients, which is becoming more complex withsuccession planning an increasingly important consideration.
“The expansion of Knight Frank's global prime team allows the Knight Frank network to bring the best-in-class real estate opportunities around the worldto investors in Asia Pacific. Similarly, it also allows us to bring top super prime developments in Asia Pacific to clients from other regions. One such showcase includes the iconic 82-residence developed by Crown Resorts, One Barangaroo,which is recalibrating the waterfront prime stock along Sydney Harbour.”
The Attitudes Survey from this year's The Wealth Report (12th edition) revealed that the UK, US and Australia areamong the top overseas destinations for new homes in 2018for Asian survey respondents. According to Knight Frank's annual Prime International Residential Index (PIRI 100), Australasia remains as the top performing region for the third consecutive year, with an average increase of 7.1% in 2017 in its prime markets, led by Sydney and Melbourne.
Individually, the team will offer different but complementary areas of expertise, helping clients across the world.
Andrew Hay, Global Head of Residential at Knight Frank, emphasises, “The introduction of our Global Prime team is an exciting development for the Knight Frank business. Under the guidance of Paddy Dring, the team will offer a discreet and specialised client service coupled with the very best market intelligence through Knight Frank's unrivalled global research platform, led by Liam Bailey. This will enable the team to guide clients at every stage of their real estate journey and will help cement Knight Frank's position as the leading real estate company in the £10m+ market.”
Tucked away inside cell membranes, a molecular butcher does the bidding of healthy cells but also of disease agents. It has been operating out of clear view, but researchers just shined a mighty spotlight on it.
The butcher is a common enzyme called presenilin, which chops lengthy protein building blocks down to useable shorter lengths. It resides in membrane spaces that evade ready experimental detection, but in a new study, researchers at the Georgia Institute of Technology and Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) have illuminated presenilin using a neutron beam produced by the world's most powerful research nuclear reactor.
"One third of our genome goes to work to encode intramembrane proteins," said Raquel Lieberman, an associate professor in Georgia Tech's School of Chemistry and Biochemistry. "Some of them are huge and do super complex biochemistry."
The enzyme presenilin in particular is an intramembrane protease. There are four classes of these, and they are needed, among other things, for: Alerting to and defending against infectors, and cell differentiation and development.
If the latter two go wrong, that can lead to cancer.
Grainy neutron mugshot
Now, the researchers have gotten a figurative mugshot of one intramembrane protein, the presenilin. Technically speaking, the researchers worked with a presenilin cousin found in microbes -- M. marisnigri intramembrane aspartyl protease or MmIAP -- but here we will use presenilin and MmIAP interchangeably for simplicity's sake.
The measurement was low-resolution but revealed enough to establish that the protein structure is more simply put together than previously believed, and that surprised the scientists.
"Our sample shows that this is a monomer all by itself," Lieberman said. "We were expecting a dimer or a trimer." That means it was made up of one long strand, mostly coiled up like a spring, instead of doubled-up or tripled-up curly strands.
Presenilin (MmIAP) is armed with two chemical knives, aspartates, that reliably make cuts on peptides, the subunits that make up proteins. And a second new study by the same researchers illuminated how the cleaving works.
Anybody's peptide butcher
Presenilin can trim peptides into building blocks helpful to its own cells, or whittle bad peptide chunks that end up in amyloid-beta plaque, a suspect in Alzheimer's disease. Or presenilin can aid and abate hepatitis C viruses by carving components it needs to reproduce.
Understanding how presenilin works could one day prove useful to medical research. "If you could find a way to interfere with it selectively, you could stop the spread of hepatitis C in the body," Lieberman said.
The researchers, led by Lieberman and neutron scattering scientist Volker Urban from ORNL, published the revelations of the neutron scattering on February 2, 2018, in Biophysical Journal. The new insights into presenilin functioning is to officially publish in March in the Journal of Biological Chemistry, but is currently available online without embargo. First authors were Swe-Htet Naing of Georgia Tech and Ryan Oliver of Oak Ridge.
Research was funded by the National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Health, and the U.S. Department of Energy.
Herding hydrophobic hiders
The scientists reached for the big gun when they went to the High Flux Isotope Reactor (HFIR) to make presenilin (MmIAP) come out of hiding.
HFIR's neutron beams were cooled to minus 253 degrees Celsius (minus 424 degrees Fahrenheit) to slow the neutrons down, so they could probe molecular features of the biological samples.
Presenilin and other intramembrane proteins warrant such proverbial desperate measures. They live in a lipid environment and hate water about the way cats do, and that's a problem for researchers studying them.
"When you have proteins that are not soluble in water, you're in trouble," Lieberman said. "The usual techniques to analyze them become very, very difficult, if not impossible. And when you chemically bootstrap these proteins to be able to use these water-soluble methods, you have really poor chances of seeing the protein's actual structure that performs its function."
Form follows function
Images derived from water-based analytical methods in Lieberman's lab have not completely jibed with presenilin's function. For one, the enzyme's cutting surfaces have been too far apart. The neutron beam's revelations made more sense to the researchers.
"Our shape was tighter, and made more sense with presenilin's function in its natural setting in the membrane," Lieberman said.
The presenilin (MmIAP) samples examined at the HFIR were suspended in a solution friendly to the hydrophobic protein. Ironically, presenilin and other intramembrane proteases often hydrolyze peptides, in other words, they add water to them.
"These proteases are confined to the lipid cell membrane where there is no water. Since water is required for hydrolysis, it has to come from outside the membrane," Lieberman said. "How that happens is yet another mystery that needs uncovering."
Robust, reliable choppers
The precision and consistency, with which the presenilin homologue MmIAP cleaved peptides, impressed the researchers.
"When we used a model synthetic peptide, it cleaved only at very specific positions on the peptide," Lieberman said. "When we switched to a real biological peptide, it also cleaved very exactly."
The researchers put the presenilin through various mutations, which had little to no effect on its cleaving abilities. That could mean that its baseline functioning is nearly immune to genetic interference.
On a chilling note, when cutting amyloid-beta precursor peptides, the researchers observed the microbial presenilin cousin, MmIAP, always making the chop in a way notorious for amyloid's association with Alzheimer's disease.
"We never saw the cut that made what is typically viewed as the 'good' amyloid, A-beta-40," Lieberman said. "We only saw cuts that led to the 'bad' amyloid, A-beta-42."
More research would be needed to explain why that happened; if the same is true for presenilin in human cell membranes, and also if some regulator prevents the creation or accumulation of so much bad amyloid in healthy cells.
###
Kevin Weiss from Oak Ridge National Laboratory coauthored the study in Biophysical Journal. Sibel Kalyoncu, David Smalley, Hyojung Kim, Xingjian Tao, Josh George, Alex Jonke, Ryan Oliver, and Matthew Torres coauthored the study in the Journal of Biological Chemistry. Research was funded by the National Science Foundation's Division of Molecular and Cellular Biosciences (grant 0845445), and the National Institutes of Health (grant R01GM112662 and R01GM118744). Neutron scattering research conducted at the Bio-SANS instrument, a DOE Office of Science, Office of Biological and Environmental Research resource, used resources at the High Flux Isotope Reactor, a DOE Office of Science, Scientific User Facility operated by the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the sponsors. DOIs: 10.1016/j.bpj.2017.12.017 10.1074/jbc.RA117.001436
The videos are grim warnings of what was to come.
In recordings released Wednesday, the 19-year-old who would later be charged with killing 17 people at a high school in Parkland, Fla., declared with chilling certainty what would happen. He announced plans to become a school shooter, detailed how many people he hoped to murder, and gloated about the infamy he would gain from such a massacre.
“When you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am,” he says before laughing. “You're all going to die!”
The three recordings are brief, but they offer a macabre glimpse of Nikolas Cruz, who was arrested not long after the Feb. 14 shooting and could face the death penalty. One of the videos appeared to have been filmed the day of the rampage at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
Authorities have not explained why they believe the 19-year-old carried out the shooting. His guilt has not been questioned. Police said he confessed, while his attorneys readily admit he was the gunman. Yet even as it emerged that he was a troubled young man with a pattern of disturbing behavior and alleged violence, what motivated the rampage remains unanswered.
Local and federal authorities were warned repeatedly about his potential for violence, including specific warnings to both the FBI and local police that he could be a potential school shooter. Yet it appears the warnings all went unheeded, and Cruz was able to march into the school on Valentine's Day and open fire, killing 17 students and staff and wounding 17 others.
The videos suggest that Cruz had thought about what he would do, and the brief glimpses of what he said drove him carried unnerving echoes of previous mass killers.
Experts who research mass shootings have identified similar characteristics recurring among the shooters, including a sense of persecution, flashes of anger, and a desire for notoriety through such violence. Some have complained about their lives, while others have detailed how many people they hope to kill. All of these traits are on display in the brief clips released Wednesday.
The first video begins with the 19-year-old, wearing headphones and a baseball cap, looking into the phone's camera and introducing himself.
“My name's Nik,” he says. “And I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018.”
He went on to say his “goal is at least 20 people, with an AR-15 and a couple tracer rounds,” before identifying his target as Stoneman Douglas, a school in an idyllic South Florida suburb. After announcing that people would die, he then made cartoonish noises of a gun firing: “Pew pew! Can't wait.”
In another video, he says: “Today is the day. Today it all begins. The day of my massacre shall begin.” During a third video, with the camera pointed away, Cruz complains about how his life is “meaningless” and isolated and said he is angry at being called stupid.
“I hate everyone and everything,” he is heard saying. “But the power of my AR you will all know who I am. I had enough of being told what to do and when to do.”
He also shared a message with a female person who is not fully identified, saying: “I hope to see you in the afterlife.”
In his boasts about becoming famous, the 19-year-old touches on something that concerns survivors of shootings and their relatives alike. Some have called for news organizations to limit their coverage of mass killers to take away something those attackers describe as a draw. Survivors of the Parkland attack made a similar argument Wednesday, pleading for attention to be paid to the victims rather than their attacker.
Prosecutors in Broward County, Fla., have said they will seek a death sentence for Cruz. A representative for Michael Satz, the Broward state attorney, did not respond to a request for further comment about the videos Wednesday.
Howard Finkelstein, the Broward public defender, has said it would be wrong for the state to execute Cruz after so many red flags were missed, and he has offered to have Cruz plead guilty and avoid a trial if prosecutors agree not to pursue a death sentence.
Finkelstein said in a statement Wednesday that his team limited its discovery request in the case “so that videos like this and worse would not go public and further hurt and inflame the victims families and the community.” He added: “We continue to stand ready to plead guilty to 34 consecutive life sentences without parole.”
On this week's edition of Breitbart News Saturday, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 10:00 a.m. – 1:00 p.m. Eastern, Breitbart News's Deputy Political Editor Amanda House will break down the House Intelligence Committee's FISA memo released Friday.
Congressman Steve King (R-IA), who called the memo's revelations “bigger than Watergate,” will open the show. Breitbart's Ian Mason and Kristina Wong, who have been covering this issue closely, will join in-studio to answer your calls and questions — walking listeners through each of the memo's key revelations and implications. Listeners are encouraged to call into the show at 866-957-2874.
Robert Wasinger, who served in senior advisory and liaison roles in President Donald Trump's campaign and transition team, will continue the discussion surrounding the memo, zeroing in on the echo chamber allegedly created between the government officials involved and the media in order to weave together the evidence needed for the secret FISA warrant. Wasinger will also discuss how, as the Russia narrative crumbles, the Swamp establishment is trying to get Trump's most loyal political appointees thrown out of office to impede the president's agenda.
In the second hour, special guest Republican National Committee (RNC) Co-Chair Bob Paduchik will discuss the RNC's record-breaking fundraising year (more than double the DNC) and the GOP's 2018 strategy following the RNC's annual Winter Meeting this week.
Also on the agenda: Kansas Secretary of State and 2018 Candidate for Governor Kris Kobach joins to discuss the push to have the upcoming 2020 U.S. Census ask if respondents are American citizens; Breitbart News's Neil Munro will give an update on where Congress stands on immigration reform heading into next week when the legislative body faces a potential shutdown; and Dylan Gwinn, Breitbart News's Sports Editon, will give us a preview of what we can expect during Sunday's Super Bowl — from planned stadium protests to the lastest polling showing how the NFL's National Anthem controversy has driven down viewership.
Follow Breitbart News and Amanda House on Twitter at @BreitbartNews and @AmandaLeeHouse.
According to a local news report from Raleigh, North Carolina, local law enforcement is asking Google to provide mobile data for smartphones used near crime scenes.
A new report from a local news outlet in Raleigh, North Carolina, claims that Google helped local detectives gain access to the mobile data from all smartphone users within a certain distance of a crime scene.
In a homicide case, the Raleigh police allegedly asked for Google to provide smartphone data from anyone who was within a 17-acre area where the crime took place. The area included homes and businesses, where hundreds of innocent smartphone users not involved with the crime would have been located when it took place.
Some are concerned that the new trend may subject Americans to unreasonable or even unlawful searches.
In a comment, a Google spokesperson claimed that they are careful when dealing with law enforcement data requests. “We have a long-established process that determines how law enforcement may request data about our users. We carefully review each request and always push back when they are overly broad,” the spokesperson said.
A Wake County district attorney claimed that the local police did not receive any content from device holders, rather just anonymized account numbers.
“We're not getting text messages or emails or phone calls without having to go through a different process and having additional information that might lead us to a specific individual,” the district attorney said.
A Google transparency report revealed that the Silicon Valley giant provides data information on its users quite frequently. Google provides information for 65 percent of requests it receives from law enforcement.
It is unclear at this time what kind of information Google is legally permitted to hand over to law enforcement. Additionally, Google may not be free to reveal which users government officials have requested information on.
by Steve Wagner
“We've been very concerned about the whole situation with workforce, particularly in agriculture,” said Scott Sheely, Special Assistant for Workforce Development, Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture. “We've done some studies of our needs going forward, and we are anticipating a need for some 75,000 workers in the ag and food industry between now and 2027.”
Filling in the blanks, Sheely said this equation involves the need for skilled people, those who get degrees in agriculture and ag science. There is also what he calls a broad base of production in which there are concerns about the supply of workers. “But we are most concerned about that middle level where we're beginning to see folks who require some kind of skill training. This is not necessarily training that comes with a college degree but rather through some other kind of training that is more skill-oriented.”
Having outlined this parameter, Sheely outlined a new program wherein graduates can transition out of high school, enter a training ground that is like a traditional apprenticeship, yet different. This apprenticeship, Sheely says, “allows apprentices to work with their employers while developing skills on the job; and at the same time, they can get some related training in several of our educational institutions.”
“These are both exciting and challenging times for the ag equipment industry,” said Jay Gainer, General Manager of Messick's Farm Equipment, one of the founding dealers of the apprenticeship program. “When I first came to our dealership 40-some years ago, I would have never guessed that manufacturers would be producing self-propelled sprayers…with 120-foot booms, GPS-controlled steering and individual nozzle shut-off; or planters with automatic seed compensation for turns in the field.”
Today's burgeoning technologically-advanced equipment enables one person to accomplish in a day that would have taken weeks to do not so long ago.
Customer success, says Gainer, depends on his equipment and its ability to function at full capacity. In other words, service has become a top priority. “That is why we have invested in over 30 fully-equipped service trucks so that our technicians cannot only get work done in the shop, but can also make the over 7,000 service calls for on-site repair that we've done this past year,” he added. “It has been very difficult for farm equipment dealers to find fully qualified service technicians.”
For Gainer's company, he says that he simply cannot ensure that he has the right people in the right place at the right time unless there is a pipeline of new fully-qualified service technicians to enter the ag industry.
“The pace of change is just amazing,” said Tim Wentz of the Northeast Equipment Dealers Association. “…who would have imagined a self-driving tractor, much less an autonomous tractor? I believe that within five years we will see autonomous tractors working in the fields.”
What this means is that there will have to be a special work force, one that can't rely on the local mechanic's shop helping out on farm equipment as their time allows, and which many of them are not qualified to service. If such a work force does not exist, the problem can expect to be of crisis proportions. “You'll have a $400,000 piece of equipment on which there will be no return on investment. If that piece of equipment doesn't work, there's no investment return,” Wentz stressed. It is nothing more, he says, than adapting to inevitable change.
This is a registered apprenticeship through the Pennsylvania Department of Labor and Industry, Sheely noted. “We are hoping that this is just a pilot for other areas of the Commonwealth to adapt this similar structure,” said Eileen Cipriani, Deputy Secretary for Workforce Development, Pennsylvania Department of Labor and Industry. “This model is ‘Earn while you learn,' where you can go to school while you're earning a living.”
About 86 percent of Pennsylvania employers complain that workforce is their biggest hurdle to having a successful business. An alliance of the business, agriculture, education and labor communities is the hope to resolving the issue of lack of skilled farm equipment workers.
Apprentices who successfully complete the program will receive U.S. Department of Labor certification as a journey person, without the time and debt of a formal college education. Registered apprenticeships offer a diverse group of non-traditional students a framework for hands-on learning in high-demand sectors of the economy. Apprentice programs also can open up new access for women, minorities and military veterans who might not have considered
these opportunities in the past. The program includes a pre-apprenticeship option for students enrolled in FFA's agriculture education programs that offer agriculture mechanics and supervised agriculture experience programs. High school students in these programs may request credit to be applied to the classroom and on-the-job training portion of the apprenticeship.
In addition to establishing entry points on the career pathway, developers hope to collaborate with postsecondary institutions to create certificate and degree programs for agricultural engineering.
Following the outbreak of monkeypox virus in Bayelsa state, the Federal Ministry of Health has advised Nigerians to avoid feeding on bushmeat and dead animals, including monkeys.
This was disclosed by the Minister of Health, Prof. Isaac Adewole.
In a statement released through Boade Akinola, the director of media and public relations in the ministry, the minister stated that the disease don't have a cure or vaccine but there is no cause for an alarm.
The statement read in part: “He (Adewole) said the virus was mild and there was no known treatment and no preventive vaccines, hence the public should be at alert and avoid crowded places as much as possible.
“He advised the public to avoid eating dead animals, bushmeat and particularly bush monkeys.”
The statement added that “The symptoms include headache, fever, back pains and in advanced cases, rashes bigger than those caused by chicken pox.”
Adewole also disclosed that test samples have been sent to the World Health Organisation (laboratory) in Senegal for analysis and the Ministry is still awaiting the results.
He also advised that anyone who experiences any of those symptoms listed above to go to a hospital.
Since the outbreak of the virus, 10 people and a doctor have been quarantined after they contracted the disease in Bayelsa State.
Share on: WhatsApp
Comments
comments
Photo: Sipa / USA Today Network
By Hayden Wright
Taylor Swift has kept a relatively low profile while her sixth studio album Reputation tops the charts and her fans gobble up a holiday helping of confessional new music. Over the weekend, however, Swift made an exception by performing at the Jingle Bell Ball in London.
Related: Taylor Swift Pens New Poem ‘The Trick to Holding On'
Her headlining set included a combination of hits from 1989 and Reputation including “Blank Space” and “Shake It Off” from the former. From the latter, Taylor performed “Gorgeous,” “Look What You Made Me Do” and “…Ready For It?” For good measure, Swift threw in a solo rendition of her duet with Zayn Malik: “I Don't Wanna Live Forever.”
The performance followed almost a month after her November 11 appearance on Saturday Night Live. Other acts at the Jingle Bell Ball included Ed Sheeran and Liam Payne.
Watch Taylor perform “Ready For It,” “Gorgeous” and “Look What You Made Me Do” below:
In this March 9, 2018 photo, Yi Gang, vice governor governor of the People's Bank of China speaks during a press conference held on the sidelines of the annual meeting of China's National People's Congress (NPC) in Beijing. The ceremonial Chinese legislature on Monday, March 19, 2018, approved the appointment of Yi Gang, a veteran deputy central banker, to lead the People's Bank of China. (AP Photo/Aijaz Rahi)
In this March 9, 2018 photo, Yi Gang, vice governor governor of the People's Bank of China speaks during a press conference held on the sidelines of the annual meeting of China's National People's Congress (NPC) in Beijing. The ceremonial Chinese legislature on Monday, March 19, 2018, approved the appointment of Yi Gang, a veteran deputy central banker, to lead the People's Bank of China. (AP Photo/Aijaz Rahi)
BEIJING (AP) - A U.S.-trained economist was appointed Monday to succeed the longtime governor of China's central bank, Zhou Xiaochuan, at a time when the ruling Communist Party is trying to reduce financial risks and surging debt.
The elevation of Yi Gang, a two-decade veteran of the central bank, to head the People's Bank of China was in a slate of promotions approved by China's ceremonial legislature of finance and economic officials as President Xi Jinping tightens control over government.
Also Monday, the National People's Congress endorsed the appointment of Liu He, Xi's economic adviser, to a post as vice premier, where he is expected to oversee economic reform.
The party is under pressure to control surging debt, defuse mounting trade tensions with Washington and Europe and make the cooling, state-dominated economy more productive. It has pledged to open more industries to private and foreign competition but business groups and reform advocates complain Beijing is moving too slowly.
Monday's promotions give unusual prominence to U.S.-trained figures. Yi received his Ph.D. in economics from the University of Illinois, while Liu has a master's degree in public administration from Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government.
At the central bank, Yi's potential tasks include making interest rates and the exchange rate of China's tightly controlled yuan more market-oriented and improving financial regulation, according to Larry Hu of Macquarie Capital.
"China is facing new challenges and the room for growth is smaller," said Hu in a report. "Key is to unleash productivity by reforming the system, albeit containing risks in the process. It's much easier said than done."
The NPC endorsed the appointment of He Lifeng to a new term as chairman of the Cabinet's planning agency, the National Development and Reform Commission, and of Zhong Shan to a second term as commerce minister. Liu Kun was named finance minister.
Yi, 60, is well known to foreign investors and regulators as head of China's foreign exchange regulator. He already was overseeing efforts to make the mechanism that sets the yuan's exchange rate more flexible.
Before joining the People's Bank in 1997, Yi also taught at Indiana University. He also has a degree in business administration from Hamline University in Minnesota.
"Highly regarded in the international circles and seen as a pragmatic reformist, Yi Gang's appointment is set to ensure policy continuity and a smooth transition," said Mizuho Bank in a report.
Zhou, who is retiring after a record 15 years in the post, is the most prominent Chinese figure in global finance.
At 70, he is well beyond official retirement age but stayed on following the 2012 handover of power to a new generation of leaders under Xi in what was seen as an effort to reassure companies and financial markets of stability.
China's surging debt prompted international ratings agencies to cut its credit rating last year. The ruling party has declared controlling financial risk a priority this year.
Zhou warned in October that rising debt could have a "severe impact" on the economy but said last week regulators believed they had debt under control.
The central bank governor's formal powers are limited despite the post's high profile. Unlike central banks of other major economies, the People's Bank doesn't make monetary policy. Instead, its mission is to carry out policy made by an official body the identity of whose members are secret.
The People's Bank is widely seen as an advocate of conventional, market-oriented economics.
The bank "acts more like an advisor and operator, but not a maker, of monetary policy," said Hu of Macquarie Capital.
Scroll for more content...
More Democrats have joined the growing list of names who want to abolish US Immigration and Customs Enforcement, more commonly known as ICE.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, who beat Democratic Rep. Joe Crowley of New York in the primary last week, ran on a platform of abolishing the agency, and so far, more lawmakers have echoed her call.
Rep. Mark Pocan of Wisconsin said he would introduce legislation that would dismantle ICE and create a commission to provide recommendations to Congress on how the government "can implement a humane immigration enforcement system," according to a statement.
The issue comes after the Trump administration's "zero-tolerance" policy, which referred all people who cross the border illegally for criminal prosecution on top of immigration proceedings.
As a result of enforcing that policy, parents and children who cross illegally are separated because the parents are put into the criminal justice system.
But last month, Trump reversed course and signed an executive order to keep families together.
Customs and Border Protection and ICE serve different functions. CBP enforces immigration laws on the US borders and ICE enforces immigration laws throughout the country.
The White House tweeted at Democratic Sens. Elizabeth Warren and Kamala Harris in an attempt to clarify the role of ICE to the lawmakers, while also accusing them of supporting unlawful activities and the MS-13 gang.
".@SenWarren, why are you supporting criminals moving weapons, drugs, and victims across our nation's borders? You must not know what ICE really does. Here is a link to help you out," they tweeted at Warren, as well as a similar tweet to Harris, that included a link to an official government page about ICE's Border Enforcement Security Task Force.
The White House tweeted at Harris, writing, ".@SenKamalaHarris, why are you supporting the animals of MS-13? You must not know what ICE really does" with a link to a press release about ICE deporting a Salvadoran MS-13 affiliate, as well as an Irish national.
Here's a look at the lawmakers who have said they want to abolish the agency:
Senators
Kirsten Gillibrand of New York
"I don't think ICE today is working as intended," Gillibrand said Thursday night on CNN's "Cuomo PrimeTime." "I believe that it has become a deportation force, and I think you should separate the criminal justice from the immigration issues."
Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts
In a Facebook post on Saturday, Warren wrote, "The President's deeply immoral actions have made it obvious that we need to rebuild our immigration system from top to bottom, starting by replacing ICE with something that reflects our values," a line that mirrored her statements in a speech at a protest in Boston.
House members
Mark Pocan of Wisconsin
"From conducting raids at garden centers, and meatpacking plants, to breaking up families at churches and schools, ICE is tearing apart families and ripping the moral fabric of our nation," he said in a statement.
Pramila Jayapal of Washington
"We need to set up a commission that looks at the alternatives to ICE and really starts to understand how do we have these functions in a way that is accountable, transparent and humane," Jayapal told The Hill.
Earl Blumenauer of Oregon
"We should be prioritizing the protection of families and our borders in a humane and thoughtful way. People should be treated with compassion and respect. ICE is simply not doing that," Blumenauer said in a statement. "Trump and his administration have made the agency so toxic that it's time to abolish ICE, and start over."
Jim McGovern of Massachusetts
"We need to start a fresh conversation. If there are elements that work, we can maintain and strengthen those aspects. Otherwise, we need to thoroughly reevaluate and re-think immigration enforcement," he said in a post to his website.
Rep. Nydia Velázquez of New York
"While eliminating ICE would be an important step, it alone is not enough to halt Donald Trump's deportation machine," she said in a statement. "This Administration is attacking immigrants on a multitude of fronts and we must resist on all of them. That includes reuniting and releasing families separated at the border, ending family detention and passing protections for Dreamers and TPS recipients."
Raul Grijalva of Arizona
Adriano Espaillat of New York
Others
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio
He told WNYC's Brian Lehrer, "ICE's time has come and gone."
Democratic congressional nominee Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez
Calling for changes to ICE
Kamala Harris of California
"I think there's no question that we've got to critically re-examine ICE and its role and the way that it is being administered and the work it is doing," she told MSNBC. "And we need to probably think about starting from scratch."
April 3 Telstra Corporation Ltd :
* Eur 15 billion debt issuance program
* May offer from time to time bonds, notes and other debt instruments under debt issuance program
* Offering circular supersedes offering circular dated 16 March 2016 and any previous prospectuses, offering circulars or supplements to it
* Application has been made for listing and quotation of any notes on singapore exchange securities trading limited
* Application may also be made for notes issued under program to be listed on australian securities exchange Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON (AP) — After nearly three weeks out of sight, Melania Trump tried to put to rest speculation about her health and even her whereabouts as she continues to recover from medical treatment for a kidney condition. It didn't completely work.
Mrs. Trump tweeted Wednesday that she's “feeling great” and is at the White House working hard for children and American families. But she still didn't make a public appearance, leaving some skeptics still wondering about her condition and plenty more.
The first lady's tweet landed while her husband was participating in a White House event that seemed tailor-made for a first lady, as famous athletes joined President Donald Trump and his daughter and senior adviser Ivanka Trump on the South Lawn to promote youth sports and fitness.
“I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing,” Mrs. Trump said on Twitter. “Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!”
The first lady's absence from public view has spawned all sorts of wild theories on social media and elsewhere: Has she moved back to Trump Tower in New York City? Is she cooperating with the special counsel's Russia investigation? Is her health in jeopardy? Has she entered the witness protection program? And so on.
Mrs. Trump has not appeared in public since the wee hours of May 10, when she accompanied the president to a military base in Maryland to welcome home three Americans who had been released from detention in North Korea.
Four days later, the White House announced that the 48-year-old first lady had successfully undergone an “embolization” procedure to treat a benign kidney condition, and that there were no complications. She spent five nights at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in nearby Bethesda, Maryland. Some doctors familiar with the procedure but not involved in her care said people treated with embolization typically are sent home the same day or the next.
First ladies are under no obligation to make their medical histories public, and the White House has said nothing more about Mrs. Trump's condition.
On Friday, the president tried to assure reporters that his wife was doing fine.
Asked about the first lady's health before he boarded the presidential helicopter on the South Lawn, Trump pointed to the second floor of the White House and said: “She's doing great. Right there. She's doing great. She's looking at us, right there.”
Despite Trump's assurances, reporters didn't see any sign of the first lady watching from above.
Mrs. Trump is often viewed as a reluctant first lady, but her lengthy absence from public view comes after what was probably her most high-profile period in the role to date.
In April, she alone represented the administration at the Houston funeral of former first lady Barbara Bush. She joined the president to host the Japanese prime minister for talks at the Trumps' estate in Florida. That was followed by the French president's three-day state visit to the White House, which included the first state dinner planned under her watch for more than 100 guests.
Mrs. Trump capped it off in early May with a splashy Rose Garden rollout for her “Be Best” campaign to teach kindness to children. Trump watched from the audience.
Her popularity is rising, according to a recent CNN poll that found 57 percent of those surveyed saying they have a favorable impression of her, up from 47 percent in January.
A week after the first lady announced “Be Best,” she was in the hospital.
She's been heard from — including tweets about the Texas school shooting, the newest Medal of Honor recipient and Memorial Day — but not seen since.
The first lady's longtime friend, Paolo Zampolli, thinks “she wanted to spend some quality time with her family.”
Her spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, said the first lady has been meeting with her staff on the “Be Best” initiative and working on upcoming projects like the annual White House picnic for members of Congress in June and Fourth of July festivities.
Grisham said the first lady would like to be “out and about promoting her initiatives” but “her health comes first.”
Jean Harris, who teaches political science and women's studies at the University of Scranton in Pennsylvania, said people so far seem to be giving the first lady “her space for a whole bunch of reasons.”
But Harris said Mrs. Trump could end up being hurt by the fact that she made the long-waited announcement about her initiative — and then disappeared.
“If there's not that follow-up, I think people will begin to be a bit more critical than they have been,” Harris said.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Comments
comments
1 of 10 View Captions
(Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) Salt Lake City's Police Chief Mike Brown and Mayor Jackie Biskupski hold a pr... (Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) The statement to be given by Salt Lake City's Police Chief Mike Brown is acci... (Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) Salt Lake City's Police Chief Mike Brown and Mayor Jackie Biskupski hold a pr... (Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) Salt Lake City's Police Chief Mike Brown and Mayor Jackie Biskupski hold a pr... (Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) Salt Lake City's Police Chief Mike Brown and Mayor Jackie Biskupski hold a pr... (Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) Salt Lake City's Police Chief Mike Brown and Mayor Jackie Biskupski hold a pr... (Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) Salt Lake City's Police Chief Mike Brown and Mayor Jackie Biskupski hold a pr... (Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) Salt Lake City's Police Chief Mike Brown and Mayor Jackie Biskupski hold a pr... (Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) Salt Lake City's Police Chief Mike Brown and Mayor Jackie Biskupski hold a pr... (Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) Salt Lake City's Police Chief Mike Brown and Mayor Jackie Biskupski conclude ...
By Joelle Fisher
Sports Writer
Alma College prides itself on the quality and quantity of its educated and well-rounded staff members. Of the staff, special recognition has been made in recent years to the school's Athletics Administrative Assistant, Tracy Howd.
Howd began her career at Alma College in 2002 as an accounts payable clerk before switching to a position working with conferences and the mailroom. In 2009, she transitioned positions again and began her stretch as the administrative assistant for the athletic department.
“Tracy was very instrumental in my transition into this position at Alma College,” explained Head Athletic Director Steven Rackley.
“She allowed me to worry about the big picture and acted as my helping hand in every situation. She truly understands what we are trying to do here, where we are trying to go and is always helping aid in that process.”
Howd's office in the upstairs of Hogan is never vacant—students and faculty are always there in search of advice, requests or even just a friendly chat.
“Every time I'm in Tracy's office, I am amazed at how many things she is able to juggle at once,” said
Page Break
Katie Neiswender ('18). “She always brightens up my day and makes everyone's job so much easier.”
Howd's main job is to assist the coaches and staff with daily duties, to ensure that the athletic department is running smoothly. Miranda Kruse ('17), who is a captain for the women's lacrosse team and representative of the SAAC E-Board, explained her thoughts on Howd's presence.
“Tracy works tirelessly to make sure all the pieces of our athletic department are up and running every single day. She is so wonderful, and I couldn't imagine Hogan without her.”
In 2010, Howd was the recipient of the Alma College Presidential Award of Excellence for her diligent work within the college. Following this honor, she was awarded “Support Staff of the Year” at the 2016 Scotty Awards, voted by the students on campus, for the friendly relations and order she maintains in the athletic department.
“My favorite part of the job is being able to help the coaches and student-athletes on campus,” said Howd. “They work so hard and I love to be able to make it easier on them.”
Rackley added, “We couldn't do it without Tracy. She truly cares about everyone she encounters and is one of my favorite people.”
In a state statement, Israel said it will stop holding pre-deportation hearings for the asylum seekers and all previous decisions to forcefully deport the Africans living in the country have now been nullified.
Israeli authorities on Tuesday admitted that their plan to relocate African asylum seekers has collapsed, adding that there is no opportunity to deport Africans from the country.
The forced removal of the asylum seekers — mostly men from Eritrea and Sudan — "is no longer on the agenda," the Israeli government said in a written statement, but added that it will keep looking for options to deport people voluntarily.
"Israel's immigration officials will continue to refer to infiltrators to the 'voluntary departure' office allowing them to move to a third country, but without conditioning the renewal of their legal status of their willingness to leave to a third country," the authorities stated.
DETAILS TO FOLLOW
In this week's episode of “In My Own Words,” Glenn Epps sits down with journalist Isabella Grullon Paz to discuss her article “Invisible Hands.” The article appeared in the Ithaca Times over the summer and puts a story to the invisible hands that keep bringing milk to American tables. The two discuss the narratives in the article as well as the dangers faced by undocumented immigrants and seasonal workers. The conversation also branches into the dependency of the American market on the undocumented workforce.
If you have any questions or comments about this or any other “In My Own Words,” please contact Glenn Epps @glenn_epps_ on Twitter or by email at gepps@ithaca.edu.
You can subscribe to our podcasts on iTunes here and SoundCloud here.
AMMAN — The security of Jordan's borders with Syria are not only a Jordanian concern, but there are other stakeholders who have interests in safe border areas, an official said on Sunday.
These other parties include several countries in the region, the international community and leading world powers, Minister of State for Media Affairs Mohammad Momani said, without giving further details.
He made the remarks in response to a question at a press conference at the Prime Ministry on Sunday evening, about the presence of pro-Syrian regime sectarian militias across the border with the war-torn northern neighbour.
Jordan will not allow any such groups to have a foothold near its borders and will “take the necessary measures” in that regard as it considers the development a “strategic threat”, he stressed.
The Syrian government forces and supporting sectarian militias have claimed they were advancing to the south of Syria, usually home to “moderate factions” of the Syrian Revolution.
Regarding reopening the border crossings with Syria, Momani said resuming shipments to, and through, Syria is also a Jordanian interest; however, the measure depends on the safety of roads inside Syria and not only the border crossings.
A A
UNION GAP — Every day, drivers whiz by dozens of signs on the state's highways.
Stop signs, overpass signs, speed limit signs.
They must come from somewhere, right?
Turns out that a team of seven sign fabricators works full-time in a warehouse at the state Department of Transportation's regional headquarters in Union Gap. The crew is responsible for DOT sign orders, as well as requests from other government agencies and some outside entities.
“Everything we do is one-of-a-kind for across the state — or two of a kind,” said Dave Fernald, the sign shop supervisor.
Every year, the crew churns out about 100,000 square feet of signage, valued at about $1 million, or about 7,000 feet in a regular month.
But November was particularly busy, with 157 orders for a little more than 16,000 feet of signage.
“We were behind in a hurry,” Fernald said.
The sign shop is designed as a sort of nonprofit business.
“What we charge is what it costs for the taxpayer to make that sign. We don't charge a profit,” Fernald said.
For new road construction, for example, signage requirements will be built in to the contract. That means most of the sign shop's work involves maintaining existing signage.
“This does not compete with private industry,” Fernald said.
The benefit for DOT of having the sign shop is flexibility for a wide range of custom orders.
A commercial sign shop might set up a job for dozens of stop signs, with assigned roles for each employee through every step of the process.
At the DOT sign shop, one employee will likely be responsible for completing a single stop sign needed quickly for a particular intersection.
“These guys take a raw piece of aluminum and they do everything to that piece all the way out the door, until it's shipped,” Fernald said.
Fabricator Troy Woody has been on the job for about six months.
He sought the position in part for the stability of being employed by the state. He had installed signs before but never made them.
And, Woody's paying attention to his senior colleagues as he learns the finer points of sign-making.
“It takes a lot of practice,” he said. “It's not as easy as it looks.”
Most of the sign shop's orders are for the Seattle-based Northwest region — from King County north to the Canadian border.
But real estate prices and other costs make it more economical to keep the operation in Union Gap, where it opened in 1983.
With 167,000 signs on Washington highways maintained by the state, there's plenty of work.
Replacing all the signs in even one DOT region would not be possible in a year.
“It would take a while, and a lot of money,” Fernald said.
Transportation signage is no simple enterprise. A 787-page DOT manual — intended to promote the “orderly and predictable movement of traffic” — governs everything from dimensions, colors and letter size for dozens of types of signs.
Traffic engineers must approve placement of a speed limit or exit sign, for example, to ensure it is properly visible and gives drivers enough time to respond safely.
Intended to last 15 to 20 years if left to stand on their own, the signs do not escape violence or mishap.
Some are struck down in their prime by traffic crashes. Others fall victim to target practice.
Without encouraging a contest, Fernald says a road sign from 2007 is thought to hold the state record for the number of bullet holes — 145.
The sign hangs at the sign shop, with another sign next to it noting the record.
“The scary thing is, if you look, they go both ways,” Fernald said about the bullet holes.
In the past, sign theft has been more of an issue. Fernald said that trend appears to be on the decline.
“It's not the fad it used to be,” he said, perhaps in part because people can easily order custom signs via the Internet. Technology has also improved to allow the quick removal of graffiti.
The next time someone drives by a lonely road sign, maybe they'll think about the guys down in Union Gap.
“We're proud of the asset we are to the state Department of Transportation,” Fernald said.
JOHANNESBURG - Tiger Brands continued its slippage on the JSE yesterday, losing a further 1.54percent as the beleaguered company shut another factory amid reports that it could lose nearly a billion rand in product recalls and possible class action suits on the listeriosis outbreak.
The group said the financial impact of the deadly disease could be R800million, higher than market expectations.
Valued at R66.7billion, the food producer announced that it was facing two civil lawsuits that could cost its Enterprise Foods brand an estimated R425m following the outbreak, which has claimed 183 lives since last year.
The first class action comprised of victims who consumed meat products from its factories and who became ill as result of listeria contamination since May 2017.
The company said the second class action comprised of dependants of the people who died as a result of consuming contaminated products.
Chief executive Lawrence MacDougall yesterday admitted that the company could be linked directly to listeriosis.
“We acknowledge that we are dealing with a national crisis and want to assure the public that in the event that a tangible link is established between our products and listeriosis illnesses or fatalities, Tiger Brands will take steps to consider and address any valid claims which may be made against it in due course,” MacDougall said.
He said local and international experts were helping the company put measures in place to prevent further outbreaks.
Last week, human rights lawyer Richard Spoor said he was working with US food safety firm Marler Clark to prepare a class action against Tiger Brands for the listeria.
Ron Kiplin, a portfolio manager at Johannesburg-based Cratos Wealth, said: “The cost announced by Tiger Brands is larger than we anticipated. Overall the reputational damage will hit them hard. However, the company's fundamentals remain strong.”
Tiger Brands yesterday also announced that it would halt production at its factory in Pretoria and said it was planning to close its abattoir in Clayville, Olifantsfontein, by the end of the month.
This comes after the Health Department earlier this month identified the Enterprise Foods factory in Polokwane, Limpopo, as the source of the food-borne disease.
Tiger Brands said it estimated the suspension of production at its Polokwane, Germiston, Pretoria and Clayville sites, including the cost of destruction of the affected products and raw materials to range between R337m and R377m on a pre-tax basis.
Tiger Brands has yet to advice its insurers of the intention to lodge a claim to cover the costs of the recall.
“No claim has been lodged as yet as the recall is still ongoing. It is anticipated that the maximum potential insurance recovery in respect of these costs will amount to R94m,” the company said.
The company said it closed the Pretoria facility as a precautionary measure.
“This decision was taken as a result of the detection of listeria monocytogenes at the facility, following heightened testing protocols which have been introduced,” the company said.
It said the impact on the profitability of the Value Added Meat Products (Vamp) business as a consequence of the suspension of operations was significant.
The company said the Vamp business was estimated to record a loss before interest and taxation of between R28m and R33m for the March trading period which runs from February 25 to March 31.
It said it was unable to give an indication as to when the Polokwane, Germiston, Pretoria or Clayville facilities would resume operations.
- BUSINESS REPORT
WASHINGTON Federal Reserve Governor Jerome Powell expressed support Thursday for removing the qualitative standard applied by regulators to regular stress testing of banks.
Powell said that applying a qualitative standard after the financial crisis played a key role in getting banks to understand their risks. But as banks have improved their books after the financial crisis, the need for that part of the regular stress test has lessened.
"We've seen a great deal of progress," he said. “I do think we're getting to the point where qualitative supervision of risk management can no longer be part of the stress test but will return to being part of the normal supervision of firms."
(Reporting by Pete Schroeder; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
He's been working as the interim commissioner of the USHL since December, but now Sioux Falls Stampede CEO Tom Garrity will move into the position full time.
Garrity, who has been with the Sioux Falls Stampede and Sioux Falls Canaries (Sioux Falls Sports) since 2012, will step aside from his duties with the Stampede in order to become the full-time commissioner of the USHL. He will stay in his role as owner and managing partner with the Sioux Falls Canaries.
During his time with the Stampede, Garrity helped the Stampede increase their attendance by 116% and helped the team lead the attendance in the USHL over the last five years. He also provided the path for Sioux Falls to host the annual USHL/NHL Top Prospect Game in 2017.
Garrity was named USHL Executive of the Year for the 2014-15 season. He was named interim commissioner in December following the departure of former commissioner Bob Fallen.
More information about Garrity accepting the USHL commissioner job, along with information about the upcoming 2018-19 season can be found through the Sioux Falls Stampede.
SEE ALSO:
In this image from House Television video, House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis., speaks Wednesday, June 14, 2017, on the House floor at the Capitol in Washington, about the shooting at the Republican congressional baseball practice. (House Television via AP)
A shooting at a GOP baseball practice in Alexandria, Va. on Wednesday that left several people injured, including Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, sent shockwaves around Washington, but members of Hawaii's Congressional delegation say the shooting is also serving as a reminder of unity on both sides of the aisle.
“An attack on one of us, doesn't matter which party, is an attack on all," said U.S. Rep. Colleen Hanabusa, D-Hawaii, who reiterated House Speaker Paul Ryan's statement that elicited a long and loud standing ovation in the House chamber.
The charity baseball game that was scheduled Thursday will go on as planned, and Hanabusa said she is planning to attend.
“I had intended on going and I'm going to make sure that I do go to show the unity that we are really being challenged with,” Hanabusa said, adding that despite differences, “the tone and tenor of Congress has got to change and we have to act more together than we have in the past.”
U.S. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, D-Hawaii, said the mood at the Capitol was somber across the board.
“It's a reminder that you never know, you never know when your time may come, you never know what may happen," Gabbard said. "Time is very precious. Hold your loved ones close and focus on what's most important to you."
Meanwhile, U.S. Sen. Mazie Hirono, D-Hawaii, also weighed in, saying, “clearly these are very troubling times and a sobering way to start our morning.”
U.S. Sen. Brian Schatz, D-Hawaii, declined Hawaii News Now's request for an interview due to scheduling conflicts.
Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell is currently in Washington, D.C. for a series of meetings and said he was very concerned about what happened and saw the result of it when he got to the Russell Senate Office Building.
“Lines out around the corner,” he said. “I've never seen anything like it. Security is really, really tight. Security is at an all-time high."
Scalise was one of five victims in the shooting. He was last reported to be in critical condition after surgery.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Straight seam steel pipe plant for you to distinguish the ssaw steel pipe, lsaw steel pipe, seamless steel pipe:
LSAW steel pipe production process is relatively simple, the main production process of high-frequency welding straight seam steel pipe and submerged arc welded straight seam steel pipe, straight seam pipe production efficiency, low cost and rapid development. The strength of spiral welded pipes is generally higher than that of longitudinal welded pipes. The main production process is submerged arc welding.
Spiral steel pipes can produce welded pipes with different pipe diameters using the same width of blanks, and narrower blanks can also be used to produce larger diameter pipes. However, compared with the straight seam pipe of the same length, the length of the weld seam increases by 30 to 100%, and the production speed is low. Therefore, the smaller diameter welded pipe mostly adopts the straight seam welding, and the large diameter welded pipe adopts the spiral welding. In the industry, large-diameter straight seam steel pipe will use T-welding technology, that is, a short length of straight seam steel pipe will be butted jointed to meet the length required by the project, the probability of T-shaped welding straight seam steel pipe defects is greatly improved, and T-welding The welding residual stress at the seam is large, and the weld metal is often in a three-dimensional stress state, increasing the possibility of cracking.
Welding process
From the welding process, SSAW steel pipe and LSAW steel pipe welding method is the same, but the straight seam welded pipe will inevitably have a lot of T-
welding, so the probability of the existence of welding defects is also greatly improved, and the T-welded at the The welding residual stress is large, and the weld metal is often in a three-dimensional stress state, increasing the possibility of cracking. Moreover, according to the submerged-arc welding process specification, each weld should have an arc striking point and an arc extinguishing point. However, each straight-seam welding pipe cannot achieve this condition when welding a circumferential ring, and thus may have an arc extinguishing position. More welding defects.
The trend of pipeline development is large diameter and high strength. With the increase of the diameter of the steel pipe and the improvement of the grade of steel used, the tendency is greater that the ductile fracture develops steadily.
Pipeline due to the change in the amount of transport, in the actual operation, the steel pipe is subjected to a random alternating load effect. Understanding the low cycle fatigue strength of steel pipes is of great significance to determine the service life of pipelines.
According to the measurement results, the fatigue strength of the spiral welded pipe is the same as that of the seamless pipe and the electric resistance welded pipe. The test data is distributed in the same area as the seamless pipe and the resistance pipe, and higher than that of the ordinary submerged arc straight seam welded pipe.
Artist Marlen Karletidou will present her new collection of drawings and paintings under the name Between Illusion and Reality as of Friday at the Diatopos Centre of Contemporary Art in Nicosia.
In this collection, Karletidou steps back from the mixture of materials and techniques used in her previous works to present a simpler collection of pieces. In this way the artist is able to portray the essence of things, rather than convey to us a visual interpretation of images and ideas. A major focus is the artist's experimentation with three-dimensional figures and her use of the circle. Colours and colour tones are clear and more transparent in an attempt to lead the viewer into a space where matter and the spirit exist as one.
“If painting is the physical transformation of an idea, then somewhere between the visible and the spiritual, between the illusion of space and time, there lies the dream,” says Karletidou.
“In my previous work this dream concentrated on fairytale landscapes and images where nature and humans co-exist in peace. Now my work has a much more universal feel as I have incorporated the circle in this new collection. The circle binds all the pieces together and enables the human form to step inside it, where our role in life can be redefined.”
Karletidou, from Nicosia, studied Fine Arts at the Athens School of Fine arts. She has been running her workshop for children and teenagers since 1987 and she has had 17 solo exhibitions in Cyprus and Germany.
Between Illusion and Reality
Solo exhibition by Marlen Karletidou. Opens February 9 at 8pm until March 2. Diatopos Centre of Contemporary Art, 11DZ, Kretes Street, Nicosia. Daily 5pm-8pm and Saturdays 11am-1pm. Tel: 22-766117
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
On Tuesday, the teachers of the Soufriere Comprehensive Secondary School were in for a treat.
Annually, the first week of October is observed as teachers appreciation week, and the students at the learning institution paid homage to the faculty on the eve of world teachers day.
Happy holidays from Spain's royal family!
Queen Letizia and King Felipe VI debuted their Christmas card this year starring their daughters Princess Leonor, 12, and Infanta Sofía, 10, in a photo taken on National Day in October.
The family color coordinated in red as the father of two wore a patterned tie while Leonor wore a short-sleeved red dress while Sofía wore a long-sleeve dress that featured red and white pattern.
• Want to keep up with the latest royals coverage? Click here to subscribe to the Royals Newsletter.
“Merry Christmas and Happy New Year 2018,” the family's card reads along with adorable signatures from the young royals.
It's not the first time that the young princesses have appeared together in royal family photographs. Last year's holiday card featured the family of four smiling at Zarzuela Palace in Madrid.
The Spanish royal family was the first European royal house to debut their 2015 Christmas cards public.
And the year before that, the family of four released their first Christmas card with two images in 2014 in celebration of Felipe and Letizia becoming the head of the Spanish monarchy after King Juan Carlos was abdicated.
CAMBRIDGE, MA -- Humans can accurately sense the position, speed, and torque of their limbs, even with their eyes shut. This sense, known as proprioception, allows humans to precisely control their body movements.
Despite significant improvements to prosthetic devices in recent years, researchers have been unable to provide this essential sensation to people with artificial limbs, limiting their ability to accurately control their movements.
Researchers at the Center for Extreme Bionics at the MIT Media Lab have invented a new neural interface and communication paradigm that is able to send movement commands from the central nervous system to a robotic prosthesis, and relay proprioceptive feedback describing movement of the joint back to the central nervous system in return.
This new paradigm, known as the agonist-antagonist myoneural interface (AMI), involves a novel surgical approach to limb amputation in which dynamic muscle relationships are preserved within the amputated limb. The AMI was validated in extensive preclinical experimentation at MIT prior to its first surgical implementation in a human patient at Brigham and Women's Faulkner Hospital.
In a paper published today in Science Translational Medicine, the researchers describe the first human implementation of the agonist-antagonist myoneural interface (AMI), in a person with below-knee amputation.
The paper represents the first time information on joint position, speed, and torque has been fed from a prosthetic limb into the nervous system, according to senior author and project director Hugh Herr, a professor of media arts and sciences at the MIT Media Lab.
"Our goal is to close the loop between the peripheral nervous system's muscles and nerves, and the bionic appendage," says Herr.
To do this, the researchers used the same biological sensors that create the body's natural proprioceptive sensations.
The AMI consists of two opposing muscle-tendons, known as an agonist and an antagonist, which are surgically connected in series so that when one muscle contracts and shortens -- upon either volitional or electrical activation -- the other stretches, and vice versa.
This coupled movement enables natural biological sensors within the muscle-tendon to transmit electrical signals to the central nervous system, communicating muscle length, speed, and force information, which is interpreted by the brain as natural joint proprioception.
This is how muscle-tendon proprioception works naturally in human joints, Herr says.
"Because the muscles have a natural nerve supply, when this agonist-antagonist muscle movement occurs information is sent through the nerve to the brain, enabling the person to feel those muscles moving, both their position, speed, and load," he says.
By connecting the AMI with electrodes, the researchers can detect electrical pulses from the muscle, or apply electricity to the muscle to cause it to contract.
"When a person is thinking about moving their phantom ankle, the AMI that maps to that bionic ankle is moving back and forth, sending signals through the nerves to the brain, enabling the person with an amputation to actually feel their bionic ankle moving throughout the whole angular range," Herr says.
Decoding the electrical language of proprioception within nerves is extremely difficult, according to Tyler Clites, first author of the paper and graduate student lead on the project.
"Using this approach, rather than needing to speak that electrical language ourselves, we use these biological sensors to speak the language for us," Clites says. "These sensors translate mechanical stretch into electrical signals that can be interpreted by the brain as sensations of position, speed, and force."
The AMI was first implemented surgically in a human patient at Brigham and Women's Faulkner Hospital, Boston, by Matthew Carty, one of the paper's authors, a surgeon in the Division of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, and an MIT research scientist.
In this operation, two AMIs were constructed in the residual limb at the time of primary below-knee amputation, with one AMI to control the prosthetic ankle joint, and the other to control the prosthetic subtalar joint.
"We knew that in order for us to validate the success of this new approach to amputation, we would need to couple the procedure with a novel prosthesis that could take advantage of the additional capabilities of this new type of residual limb," Carty says. "Collaboration was critical, as the design of the procedure informed the design of the robotic limb, and vice versa."
Toward this end, an advanced prosthetic limb was built at MIT and electrically linked to the patient's peripheral nervous system using electrodes placed over each AMI muscle following the amputation surgery.
The researchers then compared the movement of the AMI patient with that of four people who had undergone a traditional below-knee amputation procedure, using the same advanced prosthetic limb.
They found that the AMI patient had more stable control over movement of the prosthetic device and was able to move more efficiently than those with the conventional amputation. They also found that the AMI patient quickly displayed natural, reflexive behaviors such as extending the toes toward the next step when walking down a set of stairs.
These behaviors are essential to natural human movement and were absent in all of the people who had undergone a traditional amputation.
What's more, while the patients with conventional amputation reported feeling disconnected to the prosthesis, the AMI patient quickly described feeling that the bionic ankle and foot had become a part of their own body.
"This is pretty significant evidence that the brain and the spinal cord in this patient adopted the prosthetic leg as if it were their biological limb, enabling those biological pathways to become active once again," Clites says. "We believe proprioception is fundamental to that adoption."
The researchers have since carried out the AMI procedure on nine other below-knee amputees and are planning to adapt the technique for those needing above-knee, below-elbow, and above-elbow amputations.
"Previously humans have used technology in a tool-like fashion," Herr says. "We are now starting to see a new era of human-device interaction, of full neurological embodiment, in which what we design becomes truly part of us, part of our identity."
###
HOUSTON - (April 17, 2017) - New research by management and organizational behavior experts at Rice University's Jones Graduate School of Business finds that gourmet food trucks in Houston cooperate extensively and engage in friendly competition to promote the group members' excellence and uniqueness. The study, published in Administrative Science Quarterly, focuses on 41 food trucks in Houston, the fourth-most populous city in the United States.
Rice's Scott Sonenshein, the Henry Gardiner Symonds Professor of Management; Otilia Obodaru, assistant professor of management; and Kristen Nault, research analyst, developed theory and a model to explain how companies form a strategic group identity that shapes both competitive and cooperative behaviors among its members in the study "Competition of a Different Flavor: How a Strategic Group Identity Shapes Competition and Cooperation."
Food trucks are the fastest-growing sector in the restaurant industry, generating approximately $850 million in revenue in 2015, according to the study. They have also become part of popular culture, making appearances on television shows such as "The Great Food Truck Race" and in movies such as "Chef."
"This cultural exposure has called attention to the opportunities in operating food trucks, which have flooded the market in recent years with many new entrants," the authors wrote. "With many market players seeking similar scarce resources, operating a food truck can be a difficult way to make a living. As our research evolved, it became clear that gourmet food trucks formed a strategic group identity to help with these challenges."
Based on a qualitative analysis of prototypical members of Houston's gourmet food truck market, the researchers found that members cooperate to help each other meet the central tendencies of the group -- properties such as tasty food and good ingredients, reliable business practices around cleanliness and legal matters, and mobility in terms of truck location and social media. The researchers said members support each other, for example, by fixing each other's trucks, running errands, donating supplies and volunteering on other trucks.
The researchers also found that members compete to strive for the ideal tendencies of the group -- the attributes of members held in the highest regard, such as having the best food, most reliable business practices or greatest mobility.
"These competitive and cooperative dynamics lead to three surprising consequences in light of previous research on strategic groups: Existing members of the strategic group help new firms enter the market; resource scarcity leads to cooperation, not competition; and when competition does emerge, it focuses on status within the group and not on price," the authors wrote.
The dynamics the authors theorized about, central and ideal prototypes, can explain how strategic groups evolve over time, they said.
"Central tendencies push firms toward conformity as members embrace the core attributes of a typical member, and ideal tendencies push for intragroup status, allowing some members to rise to the top," the authors wrote. "Thus the strategic group identity fosters both conformity, which allows the group to accommodate new members while maintaining its core identity, and distinction, which improves the group as exemplary members emerge and become respected and emulated. This push for conformity alongside the tolerance of nonconformity in the form of excellence can offer strategic groups both a means to grow (from new members) and a means to improve (from exemplary members) while protecting the very identity that holds the group together."
###
For the full version of the study, visit http://journals. sagepub. com/ doi/ full/ 10. 1177/ 0001839217704849 .
For more information about and insights from this study, visit the school's Rice Business Wisdom website at http://ricebusinesswisdom. com/ economics/ competition-food-trucks .
Follow Sonenshein via Twitter @ScottSonenshein.
Follow the Jones School via Twitter @Rice_Biz.
Follow Rice News and Media Relations via Twitter @RiceUNews.
Related materials:
Sonenshein bio: http://www. scottsonenshein. com .
(CNN)- For those of you who still like to buy CD's (say what?), you may be out of luck this summer. At least, if you shop at Best Buy.
Scroll for more content...
The company will stop selling compact discs nationwide today. That's according to a February report from Billboard.
The decision could be due to a fall in sales.
As USA Today reports, entertainment sales (including gaming, music and movies) dropped almost 14 percent during the retailer's 2017 fiscal year.
Though it's reportedly pulling out of CD sales, the best buy will continue to carry vinyl for the next two years.
× VDOT contractor struck and killed in I-95 accident
PRINCE GEORGE COUNTY, Va. — Police are investigating an accident that left a VDOT worker dead on Interstate 95 Saturday morning.
The accident occurred at approximately 11:15 a.m. in the southbound lanes on Interstate 95 at mile marker 35 in Prince George County. Police say that a VDOT contractor employed by DBI Services was struck by a vehicle while working with a mobile pothole repair work zone.
The contractor succumbed to his injuries at the scene.
The investigation is ongoing.
Washington, D.C. - In comments submitted to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) expressed concern that the Short-Term, Limited-Duration Insurance (STLDI) proposed rule could weaken consumer protections that enable individuals living with rheumatic diseases to access quality, affordable care.
The ACR expressed that increasing the duration of short-term plan coverage from three months to twelve could make it more difficult for some consumers to distinguish short-term gap coverage plans from long-term plans that comply with Affordable Care Act (ACA) requirements. This is problematic, because short-term plans with limited set benefits are not required to include coverage for services rheumatology patients with inflammatory arthritis and other conditions often depend on such as preventative care, rehabilitation services, prescription medication coverage and lab testing (which is needed for the diagnosis and subsequent monitoring of disease activity and medication toxicity).
"While we recognize extending the length of time people can carry short-term insurance may provide some individuals with more gap coverage than previously available, we are concerned patients may sign up for these short-term plans not realizing they don't offer benefits they need to successfully manage their chronic conditions," said David Daikh, MD, PhD, president of the ACR. "It is crucial that patients with chronic conditions are able to remain on their medications and that insurers do not limit access to required care. Treatment decisions should be left to the provider."
Additionally, the ACR worries that if prescription drug coverage is included, it will be minimal and may only cover one drug per class - which would greatly limit patients' ability to access their needed biologic medications. If a patient with rheumatoid arthritis is unable to access critical biologic medications, they may face irreversible joint damage and disability.
The ACR recommends that insurance agencies be required to include a notice that these short-term plans may not cover all of the ACA's essential health benefits, graphs and tables to compare the plans' coverage to what the enrollee would receive under an ACA-compliant plan, and to provide specific guidance regarding the plan's prescription and specialty drug coverage.
"The ACR is committed to ensuring that all rheumatic disease patients have access to affordable, quality healthcare, and we look forward to serving as a resource to CMS as it works to finalize this proposed rule," said Dr. Daikh.
###
About the American College of Rheumatology
The American College of Rheumatology (ACR) is the nation's leading advocacy organization for the rheumatology care community, representing more than 6,400 U.S. rheumatologists and rheumatology health professionals. As an ethically driven, professional membership organization committed to improving healthcare for Americans living with rheumatic diseases, the ACR advocates for high-quality, high-value policies and reforms that will ensure safe, effective, affordable and accessible rheumatology care.
James Hinchcliffe admitted his surprise that Tony Kanaan moved up on him on track at the Texas Motor Speedway on Saturday evening, and in doing so caused a multi-car wreck at turn three.
The Schmidt Peterson Motorsport driver had recovered from losing a lap early on after a spin in pit lane and a drive-through penalty for avoidable contact, and was in between Chip Ganassi Racing's Kanaan and Hinchcliffe's team-mate Mikhail Aleshin when the clash happened.
Kanaan moved up on Hinchcliffe, who had nowhere to go as he collected Aleshin, with a number of cars getting involved in the crash behind as they had no where to go and no time to react.
“We had a run on (Tony Kanaan) and he had plenty of room on the left, but he just came to the right,” said Hinchcliffe. “If you look at the replay, he comes all the way from the white line to the middle of the racetrack, just pinched me into Mikhail (Aleshin).
“Either his spotter didn't tell him we were three wide or what, but I couldn't go anywhere, I was sandwiched in the middle. I was not expecting him to do that; Tony has more experience in this kind of pack racing than anybody.
“I went wheel-to-wheel with him last year for the win and nine times out of 10 would do that all day long, but for whatever reason, he wasn't playing very nice today and wrecked a lot of good equipment.”
Hinchcliffe felt that the way the race at Texas unfolded with pack racing right through the field meant that this kind of crash was more likely, but at least he was happy everyone escaped the crash unscathed.
“It turned into way more of a pack race than we've had here in a long time, which unfortunately, leads to situations like this,” said Hinchcliffe. “A lot of good cars taken out, but I'm glad everybody's OK.”
CBS Local — Pizza for breakfast may sound like a meal you'd only have after a long night of drinking, but one nutritionist says a hot, cheesy slice in the morning is actually healthier than your normal bowl of cereal.
Speaking to The Daily Meal, nutritionist Chelsey Amer explained that many cereals lack the protein and healthy fats your body needs as fuel for the day ahead. “You may be surprised to find out that an average slice of pizza and a bowl of cereal with whole milk contain nearly the same amount of calories,” Amer said. “However, pizza packs a much larger protein punch, which will keep you full and boost satiety throughout the morning.”
The New York-based healthy food blogger added that most commercial-brand cereals are packed with sugar instead of something else nutritious, which will lead to a sugar crash later in the day. While Amer admits pizza is not the perfect breakfast option, the typical slice will deliver a strong balance of protein, carbs, fats, and possibly vegetables if you opted for some healthy toppings.
Dietitian Keri Gans argues that cereal is still a good breakfast option, with a little help. “You could top your cereal with berries, which are rich in vitamins,” Gans told the New York Post. “If you choose the right cereal that's packed with fiber, it may help lower cholesterol and control blood sugar.” In pizza's defense however, there aren't many cereals that have the mushrooms and peppers already baked into the gooey perfection of a fresh slice.
A vintage WWII B-25-J bomber taxi the runway during The WINGS OF FREEDOM TOUR at the San Bernardino International Airport, Monday, April 17, 2017. (Eric Reed/For The Sun/SCNG)
SAN BERNARDINO >> Four rare World War II aircraft landed Monday at San Bernardino International Airport, where they'll stay until Wednesday — except for flights that the public can join.
The Wings of Freedom Tour includes three bombers — the B-17 Flying Fortress “Nine O Nine,” B-24 Liberator “Witchcraft” and B-25 Mitchell “Tondelayo” — and the P-51 Mustang “Toulouse Nuts” fighter.
“It's like a time machine,” said flight coordinator Jamie Mitchell, who is signing people up to inspect or fly in the planes. “Knowing the history of these planes, it's like you can feel the ghosts flying beside you.”
The B-17 is one of only eight in flying condition in the United States, and the B-24J Liberator is the sole remaining example of its type flying in the world, Mitchell said.
In addition, the B-25 was used in the Doolittle Raid — the historic U.S. bombing raid on Tokyo and a major U.S. morale booster — which occurred 75 years ago Tuesday.
That rarity attracted dozens of flying enthusiasts Monday, including a bus from the Veterans Home of California in Barstow.
Highland resident Herb Reitsam, 75, said he has already flown in many World War II planes but is looking for his first ride in the B-25.
“These planes are kind of personal to me,” said Reitsam, born in 1941 outside Munich. “I was a kid in Germany, and they bombed my town. ... They're heroes for it. Hitler was an awful man. I was a kid in Germany, and if I'd had an opportunity to wring Hitler's neck, I would've wrung it.”
Reitsam said flying in the planes has given him an appreciation for just what World War II pilots went through.
“Even here in sunny Southern California, at 1,500 feet, it's drafty, it's cold, and nobody shoots at us,” he said. “It makes me realize what these people had to endure, and I'm so grateful.”
But he'll need some companions to experience that in the B-25: At least four passengers are required for the plane to take off, to make it economical for the Collings Foundation, the 501(c)(3) nonprofit that runs the event.
No reservations are needed for walk-through tours of the planes.
After San Bernardino, the 110-city Wings of Freedom Tour flies to Brackett Field in La Verne on Wednesday afternoon. The tour will return to the Inland Empire on May 8, 9 and 10 in Riverside, according to the Collings Foundation.
Advertisement
If you go
What: Wings of Freedom Tour
When: Walk-through plane tours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday, 9 a.m. to noon Wednesday; flights before and after tours.
Where: San Bernardino International Airport, 1601 E. Third St.
Prices: Walk-through tours, $15 for adults and $5 for children younger than 12 (discounts for school groups); 30-minute flight on B-17 or B-24, $450 per person; 30-minute flight on B-25, $400 per person; P-51 flight training, $2,200 for half-hour and $3,200 for one hour.
Information: 800-568-8924, www.collingsfoundation.org
Halton police said calls from the public led to the quick arrest of a teenager alleged to have stolen a bike and taken items after breaking into some vehicles.
On Sunday (Dec. 10) around 3:10 p.m. several citizens notified police about a man who was seen allegedly breaking into cars at a townhouse complex on Walker's Line.
Police quickly located a man riding a bike along Cleaver Avenue. Investigators seized eight grams of marijuana along with property allegedly stolen from cars including iHome speakers, cigarettes, a hat and a pair of shoes.
Police say the bike the man was riding had been stolen from a shed at a residence on Heidi Crescent.
Sahara Force India F1 Team Deputy Team Principal Bob Fernley says the squad are well prepared ahead of the Japanese Grand Prix, whatever the conditions.
Like most other teams today, Force India opted to cram as much of their weekend programme into the Free Practice 1 session as they could, just in case it ended up being the only dry running they would experience this weekend.
Fernley confirmed they were also able to test some of the new aero updates they had brought along this weekend in that session, and they are working as expected.
“Another disrupted day with the heavy rain limiting our programme this afternoon and both cars completing just a handful of laps.
“Fortunately we had a dry morning session where we elected to bring forward some of the data gathering we would normally carry out during FP2. We combined this with some component testing of our new aero updates spread across both cars.
Despite the disrupted running on Friday, with a rain hit and truncated second practice, the Brit is confident the team will be competitive in both dry and wet conditions, and are well set for qualifying and the race.
“The red flag and the light rain at the end of the morning compressed the session, but we are not in bad shape and have a reasonable amount of data to help us prepare for qualifying and the race.
“We went out in the wet conditions this afternoon just to get an idea of how the wet tyres are performing. Both drivers were happy in the wet and I think we are well prepared whatever the weather brings tomorrow.”
Sister Act Live choir is officially coming to Cheltenham.
The classic 1992 music comedy, starring Whoopi Goldberg, is the latest film to receive the ‘live cinema' treatment.
Now, Sister Act fans from Gloucestershire will be immersed in a fresh new cinematic, musical experience, 25 years on after the film was first released.
Founder Dele Aro said: “Sister Act Live Choir will boast a choir made up of 35 gospel singers and full band, as they accompany the onscreen nuns with live performances of songs from the film soundtrack. We are delighted to be touring this powerful and uplifting live cinema experience.”
Sister Act tells the hilarious story of Vegas lounge singer Deloris Van Cartier (played by Whoopi Goldberg), who after witnessing a murder at the hands of her boyfriend has to enter witness protection to avoid a similar fate. She turns to the one place that she hopes he will never look - a Convent.
Disguised as a nun Deloris woefully tries to adopt her new lifestyle and after several false starts, she finally finds her voice at the heart of the church choir.
Sister Act Live Choir will feature the Uplifted Voices choir for the show, who have featured on BBC Gospel Proms, and provided backing choirs for the live shows on ITV's The Voice, Britain's Got Talent, and The X Factor shows.
The show will come to Cheltenham Town Hall on October 28, and you can get tickets here: www.cheltenhamtownhall.org.uk
Finding opens door to innumerable possibilities, from the design of new types of engines to understanding the planetary chemistry responsible for cloud formations, climate change, and the conditions for creating life
New York, NY--August 14, 2017--A new study led by Michael P. Burke, assistant professor of mechanical engineering at Columbia Engineering, has identified the significance of a new class of chemical reactions involving three molecules that each participate in the breaking and forming of chemical bonds. The reaction of three different molecules is enabled by an "ephemeral collision complex," formed from the collision of two molecules, which lives long enough to collide with a third molecule.
This fourth class, which the researchers have named "chemically termolecular reactions," was first hypothesized by Cyril Hinshelwood and Nikolay Semenov in their studies of chain reactions in the 1920s and 30s (they won the 1956 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for this work). For decades, researchers have considered these reactions unimportant--if they even occurred at all--and until now, no one has studied them. Burke, who explores a variety of problems at the interface between fundamental physical chemistry and practical engineering devices, decided to investigate these reactions after realizing that common combustion situations, such as those encountered in many engines, have sufficiently high fractions of highly reactive molecules known as free radicals to make these reactions possible. The new study is published today in Nature Chemistry.
"Combustion has always been a launching point for understanding all sorts of other chemical mechanisms," says Burke, who is also a member of the Data Science Institute. "Potentially there could be innumerable reactions from this new class that impact how we model gas phase chemistry, from designing new types of engines to understanding the planetary chemistry responsible for cloud formations, climate change, evolution of pollutants, even perhaps the sequence of reactions that could impact the conditions for extraterrestrial life. Our discovery opens up a whole new world of possibilities."
For example, space vehicles experience very high temperatures and radical fractions in their descent back to Earth. Burke speculates that this fourth class of reactions could impact the heat flux to the vehicle, with significant implications for the design of thermal protection systems to keep astronauts and/or payloads safe when coming down to Earth.
Working with Stephen J. Klippenstein, (Chemical Sciences and Engineering Division, Argonne National Laboratory), Burke used state-of-the-art computational methods, combining quantum chemical computations that simulate the breaking and forming of chemical bonds among reacting molecules with kinetic-transport computations that simulate the reactions and movements of bulk gases that governs performance of engineering devices.
"The power of these state-of-the-art computational methods," says Burke, "is that they can provide a unique lens into harsh chemical environments ill-suited for experimental techniques for studying individual reaction dynamics. Our calculations are based on computational data produced from first principles: the Schrödinger equation, the fundamental equation of quantum mechanics. Combining these data with other physics-based models enables us to directly pinpoint the impact of just a single reaction out of many, in a way that is very difficult to do in the lab."
Using theoretical methods, including those they developed for this study, the researchers showed that these chemically termolecular (i.e. three-molecule) reactions not only are major chemical pathways but also impact flame propagation speeds, a measure of overall fuel reactivity that governs the performance, stability, and efficiency of many modern engines.
The chemistry of many systems, including combustion and planetary atmospheres, is governed by complex chemical mechanisms, where the overall conversion from a set of initial reactants to a set of final products goes though many intermediate chemical molecules with many individual chemical reactions occurring on the molecular level. Our current understanding of the complex mechanisms of combustion and planetary atmospheres has been premised on the classes of reactions that are known to take place. Up to now, only three classes of reactions have been considered:
Unimolecular reactions, where one reactant undergoes bond breaking and/or forming to yield different products
Bimolecular reactions, where two reactants collide and then undergo bond breaking and/or forming to yield different products
Termolecular association reactions, where two reactants collide to form a molecular complex with a new chemical bond between the two reactants and a third molecule, known as the bath gas, removes some of the internal kinetic energy of that molecule to stabilize it
The bath gas is usually considered an inert, or non-reactive, molecule that does not participate in any bond breaking or forming, but instead takes away some energy from the other molecular complex (which would have enough internal kinetic energy to decompose spontaneously if no energy were taken away).
If instead the molecular complex collides with a reactive molecule, then the third molecule can participate in the bond-breaking/forming process, yielding what Burke and Klippenstein call a "chemically termolecular reaction" product. "In our paper, we showed the importance of reactions involving H + O2 complexes with other radical species, e.g. H + O2 + H, in combustion environments," he notes. "However, given the fact that reactive molecules, like free radicals and molecular oxygen, are major constituents in combustion and certain planetary environments, there is significant potential for other chemically termolecular reactions to occur and to play a significant role in other environments."
William H. Green, professor of chemical engineering at MIT, says of the study, "It has long been known that many gas phase association reactions have very low effective rates, because the initial energized adduct does not live long enough to be stabilized by collisional energy transfer, and just falls apart back to the reactants. This has led the field to think that these transitory adducts can be completely ignored. This article reveals that even if the unimolecular reactions of energized adducts are negligible, they can still participate in bimolecular reactions, with surprisingly important consequences."
Burke plans next to generalize these theories and methods for calculating chemically termolecular reaction rates to allow similar calculations in higher pressure environments, where collisions among molecules are even more frequent, important to cutting-edge engine designs. He will also explore the implications of the finding for other reactions and chemical environments, such as those involved in pollutant formation and reduction or the chemistry of planetary atmospheres.
###
About the Study
The study is titled "Ephemeral Collision Complexes Mediate Chemically Termolecular Transformations that Affect System Chemistry." The authors are Michael P. Burke and Stephen J. Klippenstein, Chemical Sciences and Engineering Division, Argonne National Laboratory, Argonne, IL.
The study was supported by grants from the Department of Energy (Basic Energy Sciences, grant #DE-AC02-06CH11357 and Columbia University.
The authors declare no financial or other conflicts of interest.
LINKS:
PAPER: http://dx. doi. org/ 10. 1038/ nchem. 2842
http://burke. me. columbia. edu/ michael-p-burke
http://engineering. columbia. edu/
http://datascience. columbia. edu/
https:/ / www. anl. gov/ cse/ person/ stephen-klippenstein
https:/ / www. anl. gov/
Columbia Engineering
Columbia Engineering is one of the top engineering schools in the U.S. and one of the oldest in the nation. Based in New York City, the School offers programs to both undergraduate and graduate students who undertake a course of study leading to the bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree in engineering and applied science. Columbia Engineering's nine departments offer 16 majors and more than 30 minors in engineering and the liberal arts, including an interdisciplinary minor in entrepreneurship with Columbia Business School. With facilities specifically designed and equipped to meet the laboratory and research needs of faculty and students, Columbia Engineering is home to a broad array of basic and advanced research initiatives, from the Columbia Nano Initiative to the Columbia Genome Center. These interdisciplinary centers in science and engineering, big data, nanoscience, and genomic research are leading the way in their respective fields while our engineers and scientists collaborate across the University to solve theoretical and practical problems in many other significant areas.
Wide receiver Jarius Wright, who was released by the Minnesota Vikings last week, has agreed to a contract with the Carolina Panthers, multiple media outlets reported Monday.
Wright is expected to a sign a two-year deal worth up to $3.5 million in the first season, according to NFL Media.
When he signs, Wright would join Torrey Smith as receivers the Panthers have added during the offseason. Wright is expected to be used as a slot receiver.
Wright rejoins Norv Turner, his former offensive coordinator in Minnesota who is now the Panthers' offensive coordinator.
Wright, 28, had 18 catches for 198 yards and two touchdowns in 16 regular-season games for the Vikings last season, and he added six receptions for 107 yards in two playoff games.
His best season came in 2014 when he had 42 catches for 588 yards and two scores for Minnesota.
"Jarius is not only a very good football player, but a tremendous person," Vikings general manager Rick Spielman told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune. "Tried to see if we could make it still work but understanding sometimes the business side takes over."
Doctors struggle to find out what drugs people have taken
24/4/18 - A&E at Middelheim Hospital in Antwerp is regularly confronted with youngsters on drugs. Some youngsters are addicts; most are teenagers experimenting with drugs, and often alcohol, including some 10 year olds. The challenge is to identify the drugs
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Doctors struggle to find out what drugs people have taken
24/4/18 - A&E at Middelheim Hospital in Antwerp is regularly confronted with youngsters on drugs. Some youngsters are addicts; most are teenagers experimenting with drugs, and often alcohol, including some 10 year olds. The challenge is to identify the drugs
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
From tongue tingling pineapple to scorching chilli, things are heating up in the kitchen of Gloucester hot sauce guru Tom Hughes.
The 26-year-old food entrepreneur let us inside Tubby Tom's HQ to find out more about how a few jars of BBQ sauce turned into a full time business, with bottle stocked everywhere from Over Farm to Harvey Nichols.
With names like Nuff Love, Mu-Tang and the Squealer, Tom's sauces have gained a cult following in a short space of time.
He explained how it all started by accident.
"It started as a joke," he said. "I made a batch of sweet BBQ, handed it out to my friends and they loved it and told me I should start selling it. I thought it was hilarious but I gave it a go, made some homemade labels, called it Tubby Tom's and put my face on it. To my surprise it started selling really well at Over Farm (our first stockist and where I used to work at the time.)"
With one stockist secured Tom tried some other stores, working on the sauces in the evening around his main day jobs.
He said: "In that time I managed to get it everywhere from local places like Gloucester Services and Harvey Nics, the sauces were all over the country.
"I started selling online too with a really basic website and we now sell thousands of bottles through it."
With help from family and friends right from the start, Tom now has a loyal gang who help out with cooking up the batches of sauce and manning stalls at farmers' markets. In September last year Tom made the leap and started focusing full time on sauces.
But he admits he hasn't always been a fan of chilli.
"I used to like mild food," he explained. "But I weaned my way on to hotter chillies, it started off as a bit of challenge - to see how hot I could handle it. Now I'm pretty good with heat but I still get the sweats big time when I'm eating a pokey sauce.
"We now supply over 40 stockists, including one French stockist, restaurants like Fat Toni's and Tank, delis like Orchard Deli, Made in Stroud and some high-end butchers in London plus farm shops as far away as Devon."
The brand has outgrown cooking sauces at home and now shares an industrial unit in Morelands match factory with cake makers Hetty's Tea Party.
And Tom has big plans for taking the Tubby Tom's brand worldwide.
He said: "We want to supply more places, bring out more products like gherkins, chilli jam and snacks and also employ some people so we can take over the world."
0 Spring 2018: 5 things to know about the vernal equinox
Spring is finally here with the arrival of the vernal equinox, as determined by people who base their seasons on the Earth's position relative to the sun and stars. Here are five things to know:
1. What is it? During the vernal equinox, the sun shines directly on the equator, and the northern and southern hemispheres get exactly the same amount of rays. Night and day are almost equal length.
2. What does equinox mean? The Earth spins on a tilted axis, which means its northern and southern hemispheres trade places in receiving more light as it orbits the sun. The axis is not inclined toward or away from the sun at the equinox, which is derived from the Latin words for equal (aequus) and night (nox).
3. Why is it important? For ancient societies, the vernal and autumnal equinoxes marked when winter turned to spring and when summer turned to fall, respectively, and helped people track time-sensitive things, such as when to plant crops.
>> Read more trending news
4. Didn't spring start already? Meteorological spring started March 1. Forecasters like to start the season on the first day of March because they prefer a calendar in which each season starts on the same day every year. It helps with record keeping, among other reasons. But the Earth, sun and stars don't quite conform to the Gregorian calendar – thus the vernal equinox doesn't fall on the same day every year.
5. What's next? The summer solstice is June 21, but meteorological summer begins a few weeks earlier on June 1.
– The Cox Media Group National Content Desk contributed to this report.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Don't miss our news
Get the latest on government waste, fraud, and abuse - directly in your inbox.
Saturday sees Chalford entertain Quedgeley Wanderers at Highfield Road, with the hosts looking to maintain their 100 per cent record.
With Lee Pritchard away on holiday assistant Ben Powell will be in charge and he is looking to continue the great start to the season.
They have so far won six out of six in Northern Senior League Division One, including a 5-1 home win over their nearest rivals FC Barometrics last week.
"Lee being away is a big miss as he's a huge character around the place but he missed a few games last season when he had his injury so the lads know what we expect of them even if he is away," chairman Jason Harries said.
"Last week was a very pleasing victory against a good FC Barometrics side, we took our chances and weathered the storm in the early part of the second half and we need to go into the game on Saturday with the same attitude and desire we showed last week.
"Quedgeley were the best side that we played and deservedly finished runners-up, they probably haven't started the season as well as they hoped after losing some very good players to higher opposition sides but we'll be taking nothing for granted when we face them on Saturday."
The only negative of last week's victory was the injury to left back Simon Loftus who left the field after 25 minutes and he'll miss the next couple of matches, but Chalford hope it is nothing long term.
Chris Underwood returns to the side and the experienced Ben Newman is named in the squad as he continues his comeback from long term injury.
MPs in Gloucestershire have responded to rumours that Prime Minister Theresa May will be asked to resign by 30 of her own party.
Former Conservative chairman Grant Shapps says he has the support of 30 MPs, including five former cabinet ministers, who are all willing to join a plot to oust Mrs May in the coming days.
It comes after Mrs May lost her majority in the General Election earlier this year and a speech at Conservative Party Conference this week marred by coughing, a sign falling down and a prankster giving her a P45.
A leadership contest would be triggered if 48 Conservative MPs wrote to the chairman of the 1922 committee backed a vote of no confidence in the Prime Minister.
So where does your MP stand on Mrs May's future?
Alex Chalk - Cheltenham (Conservative)
"Undermining the Prime Minister because she had a cough is beyond parody.
"I think it's unlikely he's got 30 MPs. Of all those people I have spoken to across the party not one has said they think it's a good time for Theresa May to go.
"They think she's the right person to lead to Conservative party and the country.
"This is going to fizzle out. I don't think there's anything in this.
"I can certainly see her leading us to the General Election in 2022. What is absolutely clear is that she should certainly be leading us for the foreseeable future."
Richard Graham - Gloucester (Conservative)
"There's no good reason to distract our party or our country with talk of a leadership election," he said.
"We need to get on with making things better for our constituents and our nation."
Geoffrey Clifton-Brown - Cotswolds (Conservative)
"I spend a great deal of time at the Conservative Party Conference earlier this week talking to a large number of people, including Grant Shapps, and I did not detect any significant desire for a leadership challenge at this time.
"Theresa May needs to deliver a satisfactory outcome to the Brexit negotiations – the most important and complex issue to face our country since the Second World War. We do not need the distraction of a leadership change.
"Having said that, the Prime Minister needs to demonstrate strong leadership and a realistic vision for this country up to and beyond Brexit so that the people of this country know what to expect from a Conservative Government."
David Drew - Stroud (Labour)
"I think it's generating momentum - inevitably there will be a challenge.
"I do know from a member of our delegation the letters asking for a challenge are going into he chairman of the 1922 committee very quickly.
"I wouldn't be surprised if there was a challenge after the weekend."
Laurence Robertson - Tewkesbury (Conservative)
Tewkesbury MP Laurence Robertson said he could not comment when approached by Gloucestershire Live
Mark Harper - Forest of Dean (Conservative)
Mark Harper, MP for the Forest of Dean, did not respond to requests for a comment
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
NEW YORK (AP) - A judge in New York has ruled against the makers of "Sesame Street" in a dispute with the distributor of the upcoming Melissa McCarthy movie, "The Happytime Murders."
U.S. District Judge Vernon Broderick ruled Wednesday that distributor STX Productions can continue to use the tagline "No sesame. All street" in promoting the R-rated film, which features Muppet-like puppets in a comedic crime story.
This image released by STX Films shows the poster art for "The Happytime Murders," a film starring Melissa McCarthy. A judge in New York has ruled against the makers of "Sesame Street" in a dispute with the distributor of the upcoming film. U.S. District Judge Vernon Broderick ruled Wednesday that distributor can continue to use the tagline "No sesame. All street" in promoting the R-rated film, which features Muppet-like puppets in a comedic crime story. (STX Films via AP)
Sesame Workshop sued last week, seeking to end the inclusion of the tagline in promotional materials ahead of the film's Aug. 17 release. The company argued the public would be confused and think the movie was supported by "Sesame Street."
The judge heard oral arguments before issuing his ruling. He says Sesame Workshop didn't demonstrate that moviegoers were confused or that sponsors or parents were complaining.
“Before Apple Inc. unveiled the iPhone X in September, some investors expected the company's new flagship product to drive a multi-year growth cycle, much as the iPhone 6 did three years previously,” Alex Webb reports for Bloomberg. “On Monday, Austrian chipmaker AMS AG became the latest to warn that its business was being affected by ‘a more difficult short-term demand environment in the smartphone market.' In other words, people aren't buying as many iPhone Xs as hoped. Baader Bank analyst Guenther Hollfelder estimates that the AMS numbers indicate between 20 million and 25 million fewer iPhone X sales than expected.”
“Ultimately, the lack of stellar unit sales might not matter to the Cupertino giant,” Webb reports. “Apple has managed to offset those disappointing numbers with higher prices, and is accelerating its push into services – a business that includes the App Store, iCloud and Apple Music and is generally more profitable than the iPhone.”
MacDailyNews Take: And sales of other iPhone models from the SE to the 8 Plus.
“None of that helps suppliers, who don't get a piece of Apple's improved margin. The slower unit sales are a problem for AMS, which provides key components for the 3-D sensing system used in the iPhone X's Face ID,” Webb reports. ” AMS has warned that much of its expanded production capacity will sit idle. The company will endure negative adjusted Ebitda in the second quarter as a consequence… All is not lost… It expects capacity to be gobbled up as Apple introduces Face ID for cheaper models and others pile into the technology.”
Read more in the full article here.
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Update - Business - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - NCAA Men's College Basketball - NASCAR Racing - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - At The Movies - Columns - Feature Blogs - Poll Archive Weather The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Rentals - Real Estate - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Place Ad - Ad Rates - Legal Notices Media - Online Circulars - Photos - Video - Photo Sales - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide - Activate Digital - Subscribe - eReviewTimes - Mobile Apps - Member Rewards - Online Circulars Contact - Review Times Staff Directory - Submission Forms - Advertise - Credit Application - Employment Archives
SAMBA distributes dividends for First Half of 2018 (TASI) Date: 02 Jul 2018 Samba Financial Group distributes 80 Halalas cash dividends per share for First Half of 2018. Distribution is scheduled on July 22, 2018.
Soccer-Colombian championship final Liga Aguila I result
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results from the Colombian championship Final Liga Aguila I match on Wednesday Final Liga Aguila I Thursday, June 15, first leg Deportivo Cali - Atletico Nacional 2-0 (halftime: 1-0) Next Fixtures (GMT): Final Liga Aguila I Monday, June 19, second leg Atletico Nacional v Deportivo Cali (0000)
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The parade of liberal late-night TV hosts — including Stephen Colbert, Jimmy Kimmel, Jimmy Fallon, Seth Meyers, and James Corden — flat-out ignored Thursday the blistering New York Times report alleging that Hollywood super-producer and Democratic Party mega-donor Harvey Weinstein sexually harassed multiple women over a period of decades.
The silence is deafening, considering these left-wing comics have often made same-day monologues critical of President Donald Trump and have been among the first to scorch former Fox News anchor Bill O'Reilly and former Fox News chief Roger Ailes for alleged sexual harassment.
advertisement
Colbert, for example, has gone so far as to tape whole new Trump-searing monologues as he did in May when the president fired FBI director James Comey.
Weinstein stands accused of using his powerful status to take advantage of young aspiring actresses including Ashley Judd and actress Rose McGowan, who the Times reports settled with Weinstein.
While avoiding details, Weinstein provided a statement to the Times, apologizing for the “pain” he has caused and vowing to change his ways.
But mere hours after the Times' report went live, a chorus of actresses, producers, and some of Hollywood's biggest personalities — including actresses Brie Larson, Lena Dunham, and Amber Tamblyn — publicly condemned Weinstein and urged others not to work with him.
A growing list of Democrat Party lawmakers are pledging to return or donate the mass amounts of money Weinstein had donated to them over the years.
And yet, with the exception of The Daily Show's Trevor Noah, who made a fleeting reference to Weinstein Thursday, late-night comedians — who have been praised as “America's conscience” — failed to call out one of the most celebrated men in their industry for his alleged abuses.
Only time will tell if late-night's funnymen find time to roast one of their own.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
© AFP 2016/ DELIL SOULEIMAN Turkey Unwelcome: Syrian Kurds Ready to Defend Territories Liberated From Daesh
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)Syrian Kurds will not recognize the decisions of international conferences on Syria, if they take place without their participation, co-chair of the Democratic Union Party (PYD) Asya Abdullah said Wednesday.
"If they really want to solve the Syrian problem, it is necessary to take into account our opinion, we should take part. For we will never accept any decision of a conference held without our participation," Abdullah said.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
NEW YORK (AP) - Fifth Harmony is going on "hiatus."
The girl group announced Monday on Twitter that Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregui will pursue "solo endeavors." The group says the break will allow them "to gain new experiences, strengths and perspectives that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family."
The group says it will perform remaining 2018 shows.
Camila Cabello left the group in 2016.
The singers auditioned as solo artists on "The X Factor" in 2012, but they were formed into a group and finished third in the competition.
Fifth Harmony released their debut album "Reflection" in 2015. They released their third album "Fifth Harmony" in 2017
North Tyneside General Hospital's new £2.5million endoscopy unit, which gives patients access to some of the best facilities available in the NHS, has been officially opened.
It is located in purpose-designed, fully-refurbished premises that offer much more space and a much-improved environment for patients.
With separate areas for admitting and discharging patients, the unit – based where critical care was previously located – improves the privacy and dignity for those having this diagnostic test.
It was made possible due to extra space being available at North Tyneside hospital as a result of the opening of The Northumbria hospital near Cramlington in 2015.
The unit, which has the latest diagnostic technology, was officially opened by Professor Roger Barton and Dr Irving Cobden – both former staff who were instrumental in the development of the service.
Dr Tom Lee, clinical lead for endoscopy at Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust, said: “It has always been our intention to make the best use of the space made available by the opening of The Northumbria hospital to improve facilities for our patients.
“We're delighted that patients having planned tests are now benefitting from our new unit and we have received extremely positive feedback.”
Alan Campbell, MP for Tynemouth, attended the opening. He said: “I'm delighted to see continued investment in health services here in North Tyneside by Northumbria Healthcare.”
He added: “I'm delighted that the latest technology is available for people at their local hospital.
“Having a much-improved environment and greater privacy and dignity before and after procedures makes a huge difference, particularly for those who may be anxious about their test.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of the stars in the latest series of Take Me Out has hit back at a claim the Miss Cheltenham contest is 'shocking'.
Tanya Pyrka, who is from the spa town, is in the line-up for the hit ITV dating show and took to Twitter this morning to put a critic of the town's annual pageant right on what it means to take part.
Yesterday, we revealed the 27 finalists for this year's Miss Cheltenham contest, which led to this Tweet:
The user @someone_maths said: "I can't believe in 2018 this still exists!! Shocking."
It caught Tanya's attention, and she was quick to stand by the young women gunning to represent their town for the next year.
She said: "I think if we can become influential to the younger generation, then it's all worth it. These girls are inspirational and achieved a lot. Take a moment to read and you might surprise yourself."
She's not the first person to point out that Miss Cheltenham is much more than pretty faces. The current holder of the crown, Amy Brown, is a firefighter and the competition puts a premium on helping and representing the community in a positive way.
Amy herself said: "I have had such a fun filled busy year. I can honestly say that the Miss England competition changed my life as it gave me confidence in myself.
"I achieved something that I thought wasn't possible. It made be believed I could get my dream job as a full time Firefighter in Cheltenham. I can't wait to see which of these deserving young women will win the crown."
And Angie Beasley, the director of Miss England which the winner of Miss Cheltenham will go on to compete in, added: "It's no longer about simply being a pretty face. Finalists of Miss England will be taking part in many rounds such as raising money for charity, designing an Eco costume, taking part in sports and talent competitions and generally immersing themselves effectively in their own communities."
Do you think there's a place in 2018 for competitions like Miss Cheltenham? Join the debate in the comments section below.
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
5 Must-Visit U.S. Destinations For History BuffsHistory buffs yearning to experience places that highlight the country's rich traditions, landmarks, and defining events will head for America's oldest cities, significant war monuments, and important buildings for a sense of the past.
Tomi Lahren: I'm So Sick of Celebs, Elitists Looking Down on Gun Owners
Authorities Looking for 'Mystery Woman' Seen With Las Vegas Gunman
Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein will reportedly be suspended from his film company pending an internal probe into multiple sexual harassment claims.
This comes after The New York Times reported Thursday that Weinstein has reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment.
In the wake of these allegations, a video is making the rounds, showing former First Lady Michelle Obama praising Weinstein as a "wonderful human being" and a "good friend" at a student film symposium in 2013.
"I want to start by thanking Harvey Weinstein for organizing this amazing day," Obama said at the Careers in Film Symposium at the White House. "This is possible because of Harvey. He is a wonderful human being, a good friend and just a powerhouse."
"And the fact that he and his team took the time to make this happen for all of you should say something not about me or about this place, but about you," she continued.
Weinsten reportedly had a close relationship with the Obamas, visiting the White House 13 times between 2010 and 2014, according to visitor records.
Harvey Weinstein's visits to the Obama White House -> pic.twitter.com/6aOd1zqpmd — Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) October 5, 2017
The Obamas eldest daugher, Malia, was even an intern in the New York City office of The Weinstein Company before she began attending Harvard University.
Weinstein has won six Best Picture Oscars and produced a number of iconic films, including "Pulp Fiction," "Good Will Hunting" and the Lord of the Rings trilogy.
Watch Michelle Obama's 2013 remarks below.
Dana Loesch: Monsters Exist and Millions of Americans Want to Protect Themselves
Nancy Sinatra: 'Murderous Members of NRA Should Face Firing Squad'
Las Vegas Attack Victim Who Stood for Trumps: 'I Just Wanted to Show Them Respect'
'You'll Find Out': Trump Again Teases About a 'Calm Before the Storm'
Story Hoodline — Whether you're looking for a new apartment or not, it can occasionally be fun to gape at a deluxe listing to see what life could be like if money were no object. So what exactly does the high-grade end of Detroit's rental market look like today — and just how top-tier are the features one might score for these high prices?
We took a look at local listings in Detroit via rental website Zumper to discover the city's most glamorous listings.
Take a look at these select listings, below. (Note: prices and availability are subject to change.)
1535 Sixth St., #6 (Corktown)
Right off the bat, behold this fancy condo over at 1535 Sixth St. in Corktown. It has three bedrooms and three bathrooms, and it takes up 6,000-square-feet. Whereas the average price for a three-bedroom rental in Detroit is about $800 / month, this stately home is currently going for $5,200 / month. What, exactly, makes it so high-priced?
In the condo, you can expect hardwood floors, a dishwasher, high ceilings, stainless steel appliances, granite countertops, a kitchen island, a walk-in closet, exposed brick and tons of windows. The building has assigned parking; pets are not permitted in this voluminous home.
Per Walk Score ratings, the surrounding area is friendly for those on foot, is very bikeable and has good transit options.
(If you want to daydream, see the complete listing here.)
3100 Woodward Ave. (Midtown)
Then, there's this fancy condo located at 3100 Woodward Ave. in Midtown. It has one bedroom and two bathrooms, and it takes up 1,528-square-feet. Whereas the average price for a one-bedroom rental in Detroit is about $825 / month, this living space is currently listed at $3,200 / month.
The building offers garage parking. Apartment amenities include carpeted floors, a breakfast bar, granite countertops, a dishwasher, floor-to-ceiling windows and stainless steel appliances. Pets aren't allowed in this expansive house.
Per Walk Score ratings, the surrounding area is very walkable, is quite bikeable and has good transit options.
(If you want to daydream, see the complete listing here.)
3670 Woodward Ave. (Midtown)
Then, here's this monstrous condo over at 3670 Woodward Ave. in Midtown. It has two bedrooms and two bathrooms, and it takes up 1,298-square-feet. Whereas the average price for a two-bedroom rental in Detroit is about $725 / month, this stately home is currently going for $2,850 / month. What, precisely, makes it so pricey?
In the condo, you can anticipate hardwood floors, a fireplace, floor-to-ceiling windows, two balconies, in-unit laundry, a walk-in closet, granite countertops and stainless steel appliances. The building boasts garage parking, a fitness center, additional storage space and secured entry. Cats and dogs are not permitted in this expansive home.
According to Walk Score's assessment, this location is friendly for those on foot, is very bikeable and offers many nearby public transportation options.
(Take a look at the complete listing here.)
Hoodline offers data-driven analysis of local happenings and trends across cities. Links included in this article may earn Hoodline a commission on clicks and transactions.
CARACAS (Reuters) - The ringleader of a recent attack on a Venezuelan military base and another military officer in the raid have been captured, Defence Minister Vladimir Padrino said in a tweet on Friday.
The ministry launched a nationwide manhunt for Juan Carlos Caguaripano, a former National Guard captain, on Monday. The assault on the military base on Sunday coincided with a video circulated on social media in which Caguaripano called for a general uprising against unpopular socialist President Nicolas Maduro.
"This capture has dealt a hard blow against terrorism," Padrino tweeted.
The announcement came just after U.S. President Donald Trump threatened military intervention in Venezuela in response to the country's humanitarian and political crisis.
Military officer Yefferson Garcia, who was part of the 20-member cadre that took part in the pre-dawn raid on the base in the city of Valencia, was also arrested, Padrino tweeted.
The assault highlighted the growing volatility in the oil-rich but economically-ailing country after four months of sustained anti-government protests and unrest in which more than 120 people have been killed.
The late July election of 545-member legislative superbody, called the constituent assembly and stacked with Maduro allies, drew international condemnation for usurping the authority of Venezuela's opposition-controlled congress.
The opposition has denounced Maduro for dragging Venezuela toward dictatorship and has appealed to Venezuela's military for help at a time of rising tensions between Maduro and the United States.
The Venezuelan government said it would respond later on Friday to Trump's threat of intervention.
CLEVELAND — A bag that washed ashore near a private harbour has been confirmed as coming from a small plane carrying six people that disappeared over Lake Erie near Cleveland, authorities said Monday as they resumed a search for the missing aircraft.
The city said there have been multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of Burke Lakefront Airport, where a plane carrying a family of four and two neighbours departed late Thursday. John T. Fleming, chief executive of a Columbus-based beverage distribution company, was piloting. His wife, Sue, their two teenage sons, Jack and Andrew, and two neighbours were also aboard.
Police confirmed that a bag recovered Sunday was from the aircraft. It was found near Shoreby Club Harbor in Bratenahl, a small lakeside community. No other details were released immediately.
The other debris hadn't been verified as coming from the Cessna 525 Citation.
The aircraft was headed to Ohio State University Airport, northwest of downtown Columbus. The plane suddenly lost altitude about 2 miles (3 km) out, according to a flight-tracking service.
Fleming's father has said the family and friends went to a Cleveland Cavaliers basketball game.
The city of Cleveland said there were light winds and fairly calm waters Monday for seven vessels and four dive teams searching waters 35 to 45 feet deep. The search grid area is some 2.5 miles (4 km) from east to west along the shoreline and 2 miles (3 km) north to south into the lake.
The U.S. Coast Guard and crews from Cleveland city agencies, the cities of Akron and Toledo, Ohio's Department of Natural Resources, New York State Police and Underwater Marine Contractors are involved in the search by air, shore and water.
The Coast Guard began searching the air after being notified soon after the plane's disappearance. High waves and blustery conditions prevented smaller Coast Guard boats from the Cleveland area from deploying Thursday night. A 140-foot Coast Guard cutter joined a search that covered 128 square miles (332 sq. km) of the lake on Friday.
Weather and water conditions didn't allow for recovery efforts to begin Saturday, but crews searched for the plane until darkness fell Sunday.
The Federal Aviation Administration and National Transportation Safety Board are investigating.
Russian President Vladimir Putin gestures during a news conference after meeting with his staff at the campaign headquarters in Moscow, Russia, Sunday, March 18, 2018. Russian President Vladimir Putin has dodged a question about his plans after serving another six-year term he has won. Putin wouldn't be eligible under the constitution to compete in the 2024 election since there is a limit of two consecutive terms. (Sergei Chirikov/Pool photo via AP)
Russian President Vladimir Putin gestures during a news conference after meeting with his staff at the campaign headquarters in Moscow, Russia, Sunday, March 18, 2018. Russian President Vladimir Putin has dodged a question about his plans after serving another six-year term he has won. Putin wouldn't be eligible under the constitution to compete in the 2024 election since there is a limit of two consecutive terms. (Sergei Chirikov/Pool photo via AP)
MOSCOW (AP) - Now that President Vladimir Putin has overwhelmingly won re-election for another six years, some are wondering whether he will try to stay in power in Russia for life.
Chinese leader Xi Jinping recently managed it, scrapping term limits - and was among the first world leaders to congratulate Putin on his victory Sunday. Leaders across the former Soviet Union also have guaranteed themselves lifetime presidencies.
It wouldn't be that hard for Putin to follow suit. He would have to change Russia's constitution to get rid of term limits, but he has both houses of parliament at his service to rubber stamp it.
Putin has faced this question before. In 2008, he had reached his limit of two four-year terms and couldn't run again. So he anointed loyal associate Dmitry Medvedev as his approved candidate for president, and Medvedev named Putin to the post of prime minister, where he continued to call the shots for the next four years.
While president, Medvedev changed the constitution to extend presidential terms to six years instead of four. That paved the way for another 12 years of Putin after he returned to the presidency in 2012.
When his new term expires in 2024, Putin may find a malleable successor and create a new role for himself to keep running Russia from behind the scenes.
Experts say Putin is keeping all options open but probably won't make a decision until midway through his term.
He has insisted on respecting the constitution, and said Sunday night he has no plans to change it - "yet."
Whatever happens, he's not likely to do away with elections. Although he has stifled serious opponents, Putin likes elections because they give him democratic legitimacy in the West.
He laughed off the option of taking a six-year break after 2024 before moving to reclaim the presidency in 2030. The 65-year-old leader responded to a reporter: "It's a bit ridiculous, let's do the math. Shall I sit here until I turn 100? No!"
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved the first drug to slow kidney decline in patients with the most common inherited kidney disease.
Jynarque (jihn-AR'-kew), from Japan's Otsuka Pharmaceutical, was approved Tuesday for autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
The progressive genetic disorder is the fourth-leading cause of kidney failure. It causes fluid-filled cysts to develop in and damage kidneys.
The FDA rejected it in 2013 but approved it after the drugmaker did an additional study. That one-year study, involving 1,370 patients with advanced disease, found the drug on average slowed kidney function decline about 35 percent more than dummy pills.
Otsuka says the drug, also known as tolvaptan, will cost $13,041 per month without insurance.
Jynarque can cause serious, even fatal liver injury, excessive urination and other side effects.
___
This story has been corrected to show the drug's price will be $13,041 per month, not $13,401.
U.S.-Canada-Mexico 2026 World Cup bid plays nice in public, but knows the real game is different
U.S.-Canada-Mexico 2026 World Cup bid plays nice in public, but knows the real game is different Mar 19
Late La Salle star Rasual Butler (45) is among this year's Big Five Hall of Fame inductees.
This year's Big Five Hall of Fame class features five former players, and honors Saint Joseph's athletic director Don DiJulia as his long tenure on Hawk Hill comes to a close.
The most prominent name is Rasual Butler, the La Salle great who died in a car crash in Los Angeles in late January. Butler's 2,125 career points for the Explorers rank fourth in school history, behind only Michael Brooks, Tom Gola and Lionel Simmons — all of whom are also Big Five Hall of Fame members. Butler was a three-time all-Big Five honorees at La Salle, and went on to play 13 years in the NBA.
Following Butler on the marquee is Curtis Sumpter, a key player on the great Villanova teams of the mid-2000s that also featured Randy Foye, Allan Ray and Jason Fraser. Though he twice suffered ACL injuries as . a Wildcat — including one during the 2005 NCAA tournament — he returned to the floor in the 2006-07 season and was first-team all-Big East and all-Big Five.
The top women's honoree this year is Candice Dupree, a two-time Big Five Player of the Year (2005 and 2006) who still ranks as the Temple's all-time leader in field goal percentage (51.4%). She's also No. 3 on the Owls' career scoring list (1,698 points), No. 3 in rebounds (968) and No. 2 in blocks (218).
Going back to the men's side, St. Joseph's is represented by Pat Calathes. He was a Hawks stalwart from 2004-08, and helped the Hawks reach the NCAA tournament in his senior season — their first March Madness appearance after the departures of Jameer Nelson and Delonte West. That year, Calathes averaged 17.5 points, 7.5 rebounds and 1.2 blocks.
DiJulia is also being inducted, as he brings down the curtain on his 35 years in the job.
Penn's honoree this year is Natasha Rezek. She led the Ivy League in points (19.7) and rebounds (12.7) per game as a senior, and graduated from with the school record for career rebounds (972). That now ranks third in school history, behind Sydney Stipanovich and record holder Diana Caramanico. Rezek was a first-team all-Big Five honoree as a junior in 1995, and was first team all-Big Five and all-Ivy League as a senior in 1996.
This year's Hall of Fame induction ceremony will be held April 16 at the Palestra. Ticket information is available through the five schools. A limited number of tickets will be sold on the day of the event at the Palestra box office.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Russian combat planes at certain stages of air campaign in Syria were delivering 70-120 airstrikes per day compared to 2-5 carried out by US-led coalition, President Vladimir Putin said.
"Our pilots deliver, let's say, an average of 70-120 strikes [per day], while the entire international coalition led by the United States — two, three, five strikes per day. Every day. There is a difference. Everyone sees it," Putin told US filmmaker Oliver Stone in a third part of the interview broadcast by the Showtime television network.
Vladimir Putin also said that terrorists of the Islamic State group (Daesh) number about 80,000 people, 30,000 of them are mercenaries from 80 countries, including Russia.
"The approximate number of terrorists in Daesh ranks is 80,000. Some 30,000 are foreign mercenaries from 80 countries, including Russia," Putin said.
"Thousands of militants from the former Soviet Union and from today's Russia are fighting there [in Syria], and they can return to us, and we can not allow it. All this together led us to the actions that you know about [the beginning of the operation [in Syria]," Putin said.
"At the same time, we are perfectly aware of the fact that the current leadership in Syria made certain mistakes in building relations within its own country," the president added.
© REUTERS/ Rodi Said Russia Registers 5 Syria Ceasefire Breaches in 24 Hours – Ministry of Defense
According to Putin, Moscow held a frank dialogue with Syrian President Bashar Assad prior to joining military action in the war-torn country.
"It turned out that he [Assad] himself understands many problems, he is not only ready for dialogue with the opposition, including even with the armed opposition, but is ready to work with them on a new constitution," Putin said.
"He is even willing to accept that the future possible early presidential elections will be put under strict and tough international control," the Russian leader stressed.
"Many groups and tribes in Syria, including the Sunni tribes, told us they were ready to cooperate with us and fight against the Daesh. We informed President [Bashar] Assad and the Syrian military leadership about this, and said that we would support those Sunni groups that are ready to fight against Daesh and Nusra Front. President Assad and the Syrian military agree with that, in principle," Putin also said.
"We are not interested in fermenting the conflict, on the contrary, we are eager to establish a dialogue in order to preserve the territorial integrity of the country. It's very difficult. It's difficult to reach a consensus, but direct contact with both sides gives us such a chance. And in general we achieve success," Putin Putin said.
Putin stressed that Russia really needs the support of the United States, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, and Egypt.
"But we will act very carefully so that each subsequent step solidifies the achieved results, rather than destroys them," the Russian president added.
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) - South Carolina coach Dawn Staley watched once more than All-American A'ja Wilson took control of a victory and whispered to an assistant, "How are we going to replace '22?'"
Fortunately for Staley, she doesn't have to find out the answer yet after Wilson, No. 22, had 25 points and 11 rebounds in her last-ever college home game to lead the Gamecocks to a fifth straight trip to the Sweet 16 with a 66-56 over No. 10 seeded Virginia in the women's NCAA Tournament's Albany Regional on Sunday night.
Wilson, the three-time Southeastern Conference player of the year, posted her 23rd double-double of the season and 53rd of her career for the Gamecocks (28-6).
"At the end of the game when I got subbed out that's when it sank in, this is my last time here," Wilson said. "My last time here in this uniform."
And the second-seeded Gamecocks needed every one of Wilson's points to push past Virginia (19-14).
Up 30-25 at the half, South Carolina opened up a 12-point lead in the third period before the Cavaliers cut it to 46-40 with 10 minutes left. Virginia still trailed just 52-47 after Dominique Toussaint's driving bucket with 6:39 to play.
That's when Doniyah Cliney hit a high-arching 3-pointer from the right corner and Wilson added two short jumpers to put the Gamecocks in front by double digits. Virginia could not respond.
Wilson came out of the game for good with 34.5 seconds left to a standing ovation from the late-night crowd. She hugged head coach Dawn Staley before standing on the sidelines and gabbing with the training staff as time ticked away.
After a quick TV interview, Wilson danced her way around the Colonial Life Arena, waving to adoring fans - there were 10,037 for Staley's late-night pajama party - and stopping in front of the pep band to dance some more before running to embrace her parents.
"This has been a great four years," said Wilson, whose family is about 30 minutes from campus in Hopkins. "This is my home and, hopefully, when I return, we'll have the same energy."
Wilson added three of her team's five blocks and three assists in her final game on her home court. The Gamecocks have gone 62-4 at home with Wilson on the roster.
South Carolina has reached the round of 16 for the past five seasons - including four with Wilson - and six of the past seven years.
Virginia was seeking its first regional semifinal since 2010. The Cavaliers hung tough most of the game despite going up against Staley, the greatest women's athlete in Virginia athletics who led the program to three Final Fours when she played from 1989-92.
"I'm so incredibly proud of this team, just their fight," Cavaliers coach Joanne Boyle said. "They just fought and believed in each other."
Toussaint and J'Kyra Brown had 16 points each to lead Virginia.
BIG PICTURE
Virginia: The Cavaliers showed tenacity and grit in their first two NCAA games since their last appearance in 2010. With three of their top five scorers from this season sophomores, including leading scorer Dominique Toussaint, Virginia will look to continue making strides in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
South Carolina: The Gamecocks out-talented the competition - perhaps even out-Wilsoned them - in two home NCAA games. That won't fly in Albany in the Sweet 16 if the defending national champions hope to make a second straight title run in a region that includes No. 1 overall seed UConn. South Carolina will need more production from point guard Tyasha Harris and Alexis Jennings, who combined to go 8-of-20 shooting in the win over Virginia.
ANTHEM MIX UP
When it was time for the national anthem, only Virginia was lined up and ready. South Carolina was in the locker room, thinking it would not be played until the pre-game clock ran down (as was the case during the regular season) instead of with 12 minutes to go per the NCAA's run down. Dawn Staley apologized for her team's absence. "Charge it to our heads and not our hearts," she said.
LOUD CROWD
If anyone thought fans wouldn't turn out for a late Sunday game, they don't know fans of the Gamecock women's basketball team. There were 10,037 people in attendance, several in pajamas to honor the late start. Both Boyle and Wilson said the continued cheering and shouting made it hard to call signals. "Dawn said to me, 'They're crazy,'" Boyle said. "She meant that in a good way."
UP NEXT
South Carolina will play either Florida State or Buffalo in the Sweet 16 on Saturday.
New Trump Plan May Give Drug Dealers the Death Penalty On Sunday, the White House announced Trump's proposal to crack down on drug traffickers who contribute to the opioid crisis. Andrew Bremberg, White House director of the Domestic Policy Council The White House did not give specific examples of when capital punishment would be enforced, but current federal law already permits the death penalty for large-scale drug enterprises.
PRINCETON, N.J. -- Children who grow up in urban counties with high upward mobility exhibit fewer behavioral problems and perform better on cognitive tests, according to a study led by Princeton University.
Children in these counties display fewer behavior problems at age 3 and show substantial gains in cognitive test scores between ages 3 and 9. Growing up in a county with higher intergenerational mobility reduces the gap between economically advantaged and disadvantaged children's cognitive and behavioral outcomes by around 20 percent.
The study, published Aug. 14 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, provides further evidence that place, measured at the county level, has a significant influence over the economic prospects of children from low-income families.
"Broadly speaking, our findings suggest that the developmental processes through which place promotes upward mobility begin in childhood and depend on the extent to which communities enrich the cognitive and social-emotional skills of children from low-income families," said contributing author Sara S. McLanahan, William S. Tod Professor of Sociology and Public Affairs at Princeton's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs.
The study results are based on data from the Fragile Families and Child Wellbeing Study, of which McLanahan, who is founding director of the Bendheim-Thoman Center for Research on Child Wellbeing, is a principal investigator. The study is a population-based birth-cohort study of children born in 20 large U.S. cities between 1998 and 2000.
The new research builds upon a series of papers by economist Raj Chetty of Stanford University and others who used income tax data to show that the economic prospects of children from low-income families depend on where they grow up. However, Chetty's work does not explain why children growing up in some counties do better than others.
This question is what motivated McLanahan and her collaborators, which include lead author Louis Donnelly, Princeton University; Irv Garfinkel, Columbia University; Jeanne Brooks-Gunn, Columbia University; Brandon Wagner, Texas Tech University; and Sarah James, Princeton University.
For their analyses, the researchers looked at 4,226 children from 562 U.S. counties whose developmental outcomes were assessed at approximately ages 3, 5 and 9 years old. The researchers divided these children into low- and high-income groups based on household income at birth. Children from low-income families were born in households earning below the national median household income (mean of $18,282), while children from high-income families were born in families earning above the national median (mean of $73,762).
Behavioral problems -- like aggression and rule-breaking -- were assessed by parents and teachers using the Child Behavior Checklist, a report used in both research and clinical settings, along with the Social Skills Rating Scale, a system that evaluates social skills, problem behaviors and academic competence. Cognitive abilities were assessed through a series of vocabulary, reading comprehension and applied problems tests in the children's homes. Both assessments were collected as part of the Fragile Families and Child Wellbeing Study.
After analyzing the data, the researchers found that children from low-income families who grew up in counties with high upward mobility had fewer behavior problems and higher cognitive test scores when compared with children from counties with lower mobility. These differences were significant even after controlling for a large set of family characteristics, including parents' race/ethnicity, education, intelligence, impulsivity and mental health.
Children who grow up in counties with higher intergenerational mobility show steady gains in test scores between ages 3 and 9, compared to those who grow up in counties with lower intergenerational mobility. These gains first appear at age 5 and accumulate over time, which is consistent with the argument that high-quality pre-K and elementary schools are an important part of what makes growing up in a high-mobility county beneficial, the researchers wrote.
The pattern for behavioral problems was somewhat different. For this outcome, the advantages associated with being raised in a county with high intergenerational mobility appear by age 3 and neither grow nor decline after that. These two findings -- early appearance and the lack of cumulate effects -- do not point to specific community institutions that cause fewer behavioral problems. However, according to the authors, community factors that may account for these findings include programs that affect children directly, such as access to high-quality health care or preschool, or programs that affect children indirectly by reducing parents' economic insecurity, like housing. Importantly, for children from high-income families, growing up in a county with high intergenerational mobility is weakly associated with most developmental outcomes, which suggests that conditions favorable for disadvantaged children's development do not come at the expense of advantaged children's development.
The paper, "Geography of intergenerational mobility and child development," was published in PNAS on Aug. 14.
###
Funding for this study was provided by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. Funding for the Fragile Families Study was provided by the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development grants R01HD36916, R01HD39135 and R01HD40421 and by a consortium of private foundations.
March 19 (UPI) -- Children's severe traumatic brain injury was linked to increased risk attention-deficit/hyperactivity up to about seven years after injury, according to new research.
Researchers examined 187 children from 2003 to 2008 who were hospitalized overnight for traumatic brain injury or orthopedic injury at four hospitals in Ohio, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center, Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Rainbow Babies and Children's Hospital in Cleveland and MetroHealth Medical Center, in Cleveland, and report the link in findings published Monday in the Journal of American Medical Association Pediatrics.
More than one million children, adolescents and young adults go to emergency departments every year in the United States with TBI, according to the National Institutes of Health. ADHD is also the most common psychiatric disorder among children with a history of TBI.
But the factors for secondary ADHD after an injury such as a TBI are not well understood, researchers say.
"Studies have failed to consider the potential for attention problems to develop many years after TBI or factors that may predict the development of secondary attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder," the researchers wrote in the new study. "Understanding these patterns will aid in timely identification of clinically significant problems and appropriate initiation of treatment with the hope of limiting additional functional impairment."
The researchers examined 81 childhood TBI patients five to 10 years after injury and 106 children who had sustained orthopedic injuries. None of the children in either group had ADHD.
In the results, 25.7 percent met the definition of secondary ADHD. Specifically, 61.9 percent of children with severe TBI developed secondary ADHD, whereas 15.1 percent of children in the control group developed it.
"Consideration of factors that may interact with injury characteristics, such as family functioning, will be important in planning clinical follow-up of children with TBI," the researchers concluded.
IF Jordon Prince-Wright's young life to date was turned into a film it would channel the children's book The Little Engine That Could , a classic struggle of optimism and hard work overcoming adversity.
However, his engine would also have on board a corral of gun-toting cowboys and a legion of West Australians who have put their faith — and some of their hard-earned money — in his ability to achieve the seemingly impossible.
God, too, would definitely be putting his weight behind this devout Christian.
“I didn't pray much, perhaps I should have,” laughs Prince-Wright, the tenacious 21-year-old Perth film producer who has pulled off the symbolic equivalent of hauling a train over a mountain while repeating the mantra, “I think I can, I think I can”.
In producing and co-directing The Decadent and Depraved , a Tarantino-style western that collides with Stephen Spielberg storytelling, there are plenty of firsts to crow about.
It's his first feature film and comes after years of international acclaim and awards — including being named Australia's Young Film Maker of the Year in 2014 — for the short films he's been churning out since he was 13.
The gritty western, penned by co-director Axel August, is the first of its genre to be made and filmed wholly in WA.
Perhaps, most importantly, the murderous cat-and-mouse-tale — filmed entirely on location in Cue, Sandstone, Leonora, Kukerin, Mingenew and Yalgoo — has the distinction of being the biggest independent production to come out of the State.
The three-year labour of love was fitted around Prince-Wright's day job in a camera store and it premieres to about 800 moviegoers at Grand Cinemas Warwick today.
“The end result is much better than I thought it would be,” says Prince-Wright, who launched his not-for-profit production company when he was barely out of short pants.
“When we were halfway through production I actually pinched myself and realised how big this journey was. There were a few scenes I was really worried about. But it's fantastic. We're already in conversations with distribution companies who are talking about releasing it in the UK, US, New Zealand and Australia. And I am already getting a lot of interest from backers for my next project.”
Camera Icon A set shot from The Decadent and Depraved. Picture: Kate Sanders-Tye
Not bad for an unlikely lover of cowboy movies who looks impossibly young and who has flown under the radar while new local films, such as Three Summers and Hounds of Love, get all the attention.
“As a kid I also loved Yul Brynner, Steve McQueen and Charles Bronson,” he says. “ The Magnificent Seven was THE film. I can tell you the story and script back to front.”
Adding to the enigma is that the avid Tarantino fan and seasoned Deadwood viewer deplores swearing so much he only allowed three profanities in his film.
“One of those was muttered under the breath by an actor who insisted on it,” he confesses. And he frowns on raunchy sex scenes.
“You don't go to the movies to see that sort of thing,” he says.
But the former Edith Cowan University and WAAPA student is no wilting violet. He's all Wyatt Earp when it comes to the gift of the gab. It's a quality which came in handy, given that only $150,000 of the budget came from sponsors, including McInerney Ford and Lotterywest. Crowd funding of about $5000 got the project off the ground initially and the rest of the budget — $650,000 — came, largely, from Prince-Wright's ability to charm the chaps off a cowboy.
He has spent much of the past three years spruiking to strangers, actors, bureaucrats, business people, cafe owners, property owners, interns and film industry insiders.
“Authenticity was paramount,” he says. “We were making a movie, not a cartoon, so we had to have real props in real locations and no stand-in doubles. We needed 13 horses all up over different locations and chaps and spurs and costumes.
“People in those remote communities were phenomenal. The shires would put the word out for us, putting up posters everywhere, and we sourced a lot of stuff that way. We used authentic ancient firearms, worth from $12,000 to $25,000 each, which were donated by a collector.
“At Sandstone we got a regiment of 20 from Living History Australia (a professional re-enactment organisation) driving up on their own bus to help out and appear in the film. And when people heard about what we were doing they donated food and coffee.”
As for the actors, a stellar cast of Perth-based professionals put up their hands then spent their weekends over five months of last year driving, for up to 15 hours in some cases, to remote outback locations to film in meteorite craters, caves and on cliff tops.
Michael Muntz ( A Country Practice ) and Ben Mortley ( Cloudstreet, MacLeod's Daughters, Lantana ) scored lead roles. Clarence Ryan ( Lockie Leonard ) and star of Perth theatre, Steve Turner ( Caucasian Chalk Circle, John Curtin ) jumped on board in supporting roles.
As executive producer Prince-Wright juggled the logistics, the funding, publicity, and all the other aspects of making a film while also directing.
He coped with the stress and sleepless nights by drawing on the skills he honed as a child. Back then, while a student at Beechboro Christian School, when he wasn't out shooting with his clay target champion father, he was convincing his Grade 2 teacher to lend him her video camera so he could direct his mates in short films.
“Sometimes there were no tapes in the camera, even,” he laughs.
He was trying to recreate scenes from the black-and-white westerns he would watch with his dad — High Noon, Red River, Stagecoach and The Trail Beyond.
By the time he got to high school he was into “spaghetti westerns” like Unforgiven and For a Few Dollars More, and had begun making short films the principal would show at assembly.
Camera Icon Jordon Prince-Wright. Picture: Frances Andrijich
At Swan Christian College he is still seen as something of a celebrity, remembered as the only student in the State to get 100 per cent for media studies in the WA Certificate of Education exams.
To convince his parents he should pursue a career as a film director, the then 13-year-old made a five-minute western Strong to the End , which was shown at the New York International Film Festival, in the Filmmakers of Tomorrow section.
When his mum and dad gave the nod, a string of short, non-western films followed — music videos, parodies, and a spine-tingling war film, Not Their Boots , which was performed as a play at his graduation ceremony and won several national and international awards.
He was a film and video student at Edith Cowan (where he went straight into third year) when, at the premiere of one of his short films, he mentioned to his screenwriter friend, Axel August, that he would love to do a full-length western.
“He went away and wrote this amazing little dialogue and things just took off from there,” Prince-Wright says. “What we have done is taken the old-school story and presented it without green screen and visual effects.”
And, for those who love a good analogy, there is a little engine that could story involving the steam train.
“To keep the film authentic we needed a real steam train, not a model,” he says.
“Around Christmas time last year we came across an old one in a shed out the back of Bennett Brook Railway at Whiteman Park. It was really just the boiler and the driver section, with no wheels and no tender as it had been pulled apart.
“This meant that for the next two weeks, with the Bennett Brook volunteers, we put the train back together — oiling, fitting wheels, repairing the track in the shed and laying concrete to track so we could get the boiler out. It was a massive task, but it was all worth it when the train came around the corner on our last day of filming. It was a great way to end the shoot.”
More From Ellie (The Last of Us)
More From Ellie (The Last of Us)
Share. "I got the scripts for the last season. Kind of." "I got the scripts for the last season. Kind of."
The eighth and final season of Game of Thrones will begin filming very soon, according to Davos Seaworth actor Liam Cunningham.
"Let me tell you what I know. Yesterday something quite monumental happened. I got the scripts for the last season. Kind of," Cunningham said during the panel for Philip K. Dick's Electric Dreams today at New York Comic-Con.
"Tomorrow I fly back to Ireland and the first table reading is on Sunday," he added. "The second table reading is on Monday. Then we rehearse and then start shooting the week after."
Dark Horse Game of Thrones Figures and More 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 25 Dark Horse 2018 Game of Thrones Line-up 01 25 Dark Horse 2018 Game of Thrones Line-up Dark Horse Game of Thrones Figures and More Download Image Captions ESC
Season 8 of Game of Thrones will span a total of six episodes. Check out the lineup of talented directors who will helm the final season.
HBO has yet to announce when the final season of Game of Thrones will arrive, with Season 8 possibly not premiering until 2019. In the meantime, find out what Cunningham had to say to IGN about what the future holds for Jon Snow and Daenerys Targaryen's relationship.
Stay tuned to IGN for more from NYCC, and check out the video below to see some of the awesome cosplay from this year's New York-based convention.
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN. Find him on Twitter at @alexcosborn.
The US Senate approved earlier on Wednesday by an overwhelming majority a measure that would expand sanctions on Russia and limit the president's ability to lift restrictions.
"We need to wait for the final decision by the Congress, to see the reaction of US President Donald Trump, but if the law is passed we will certainly not leave this move unanswered," said Vladimir Dzhabarov, the first deputy chairman of the Russian parliament upper house's International Affairs Committee.
The sanctions bill passed through the Senate by a vote of 97-2 but still must go through the House of Representatives before it reaches Trump's desk.
Senators Rand Paul and Mike Lee, both Republicans, were the only 'no' votes. The rest of the chamber fell in line to pass a bipartisan measure that lumps together sanctions against Iran with Russia, a concession Democrats fought for. In exchange, Democratic aides said they would lower pressure against Senate Republicans on their healthcare bill that will not be available to the public until it receives a Congressional Budget Office scoring.
The Trump administration is unlikely to push back on anti-Russia sanctions, according to Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin. "Let me assure you there is no intention for us to remove the Russian sanctions," Mnuchin emphasized.
© AFP 2017/ SAUL LOEB US Senate Votes To Expand New Sanctions on Russia
President Trump campaigned on improving bilateral relations with Moscow, saying at multiple points that befriending Russian President Vladimir Putin should be viewed as a positive development. In the early months of the Trump administration, the first-time public office holder has followed through on fringe campaign vows such as exiting the Paris Climate Accord, imposing a travel ban on Muslims, and hiring more border patrol agents. Whether Trump makes good on his promise to cooperate with Moscow on shared areas of interest, such as terrorism, remains to be seen.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Wednesday that the Kremlin seeks to avoid a "pique of sanctions" in response to the US Senate's newly proposed sanctions against Russia but called for patience until the measures are codified.
Meanwhile, Washington's top diplomat Rex Tillerson warned Congress this week that punitive measures against Moscow could give the Kremlin reason to back off from including the US in discussing a political solution in Syria.
An ex-chief of the Russian upper house's defense and security committee has claimed that Russia would continue to fulfill its obligations to Iran under the program of arms deliveries.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The possible abandoning by US President Donald Trump of a nuclear deal with Iran will not affect Russia's implementation of the program of arms deliveries to Tehran from 2020, in particular, combat planes and helicopters, warships and missile systems, ex-chief of the Russian upper house's defense and security committee, Viktor Ozerov told Sputnik on Friday.
Earlier on Thursday, the Washington Post newspaper reported that US President Donald Trump intended to "de-certify" the nuclear deal with Iran next week. According to the newspaper, Trump is expected to deliver a speech on October 12, when he will open the door to modifying the agreement as part of a tougher approach toward Iran. Under the terms of the current nuclear agreement, Trump has until October 15 to certify Iran's compliance.
"There is a UN Security Council decision confirming Tehran's fulfillment of all its obligations under the nuclear program. Russia will fulfill all its obligations to Iran, including the program of arms deliveries from 2020, they have not been withdrawn," Ozerov said.
Ozerov specified that in 2020 the UN embargo on conventional arms export to Iran would be lifted. From that point on, Iran will be able to legally procure tanks, armored combat vehicles, large-caliber artillery systems, combat jets and helicopters, military ships and missile systems from foreign partners.
The United Nations imposed the arms embargo on Iran in several steps. In 2006, the organization banned all exports of technology that could be used for developing nuclear weapon delivery systems to Iran. In 2007, the UN Security Council also outlawed arms export from Iran. Finally, in June 2010, the United Nations put an embargo on all major conventional arms exports to the Islamic Republic. The latest restrictions are expected to be lifted five years after the day the JCPOA was adopted, or in October 2020.
The possible US withdrawal may affect the prospects for Syrian settlement taking into account the role of Tehran in this process Ozerov added.
"Taking into account Iran's position on Syria, Washington's withdrawal may affect Syrian settlement, which is carried out with the participation of Tehran as well," Ozerov said.
He also underlined that Washington's possible withdrawal from the nuclear deal with Iran may prompt concerns in Moscow.
"If Washington withdraws from the nuclear deal with Iran, Russia may get concerned that a similar thing will happen to the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, which has been repeatedly mentioned by the United States," Ozerov said.
The lawmaker added that Washington's possible pullout of the deal might come across as "a very negative signal" for Pyongyang, as North Korea will see that even if it makes a step forward and phases out its nuclear program, the United States can nevertheless impose news sanctions on the country.
Previously, the Russian State Duma's International Affairs Committee Chairman claimed that a possible US withdrawal from the nuclear deal with Iran may lead to possible "outbreaks" from Tehran.
The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, also known as the Iran nuclear deal, is an international agreement providing for the gradual lifting of economic and diplomatic sanctions imposed on Iran by Western countries in exchange for closing Tehran's nuclear program. The agreement was concluded between Iran and the P5+1 countries (China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, United States plus Germany) in 2015 after years of diplomatic work and came into force in January 2016.
Earlier, Trump said in his speech to the UN General Assembly that the deal was "an embarrassment" to the United States.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Police say a Penn State student was killed in a shooting following an argument in a Philadelphia bar, and her father and grandfather were wounded.
Homicide Capt. John Ryan said 23-year-old Dominique Oglesby got into an argument with a woman and a man in the Galaxy West Lounge in west Philadelphia shortly before 4:30 p.m. Sunday.
The Philadelphia Inquirer reports that the man twice tried to stop the argument, but tensions rose and a melee broke out after Oglesby's relatives arrived.
Oglesby was hit in the back and died shortly afterward at Penn Presbyterian Medical Center. Her 42-year-old father was hit in the foot and her 66-year-old grandfather in the arm. Both were in stable condition. No arrests have been reported.
Relatives say Oglesby was scheduled to graduate this spring.
___
This story has been corrected to note that shooting occurred inside bar rather than outside, remove reference to road rage.
CHANHASSEN, Minn. — Opioid painkillers — some in prescription bottles with the name Kirk Johnson on them — were found in several places in Paisley Park following Prince's death last year, court documents unsealed Monday showed.
Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg said he wrote an Oxycodone prescription for Prince under the name of Johnson, the singer's estate manager and longtime friend, for privacy purposes, according to a search warrant that was among the documents unsealed.
No one has been charged in connection with the superstar's death, but the details from the search warrants are beginning to show a clearer picture of the likely focus of the investigation — which authorities say is still open and active.
The circumstances that led up to his death remain a mystery. Among the unanswered questions haunting those who loved and admired him: Who supplied Prince with the painkiller that killed him? Did he know what he was taking? And how long was he taking opioid pain medication?
According to a search warrant issued April 21, 2016, the same day Prince was found dead in his home in Chanhassen, Minnesota, investigators found several pills labeled “Watson 853” — hydrocodone-acetaminophen, sometimes called Vicodin — and capsules marked “A-349,” which is Percocet, in different bottles in the residence. Also according to the search warrant, investigators were told by witnesses that Prince “recently had a history of going through withdrawals which are believed to be the result of abuse of prescription medication.”
Schulenberg was among those who arrived at Paisley Park after the singer's body was found in an elevator inside the complex, according to the documents.
The medical examiner's office said Prince's death was the result of an accidental overdose of the opioid fentanyl. Last August, the Minneapolis Star Tribune quoted a source with knowledge of the investigation as saying that pills seized inside the compound by investigators were labeled as hydrocodone but actually contained fentanyl.
Authorities have said the investigation into Prince's death is criminal in nature. Federal prosecutors and the Drug Enforcement Administration are investigating how Prince obtained prescription medications and from whom.
Pills found in suitcase
Information in the warrants also revealed that investigators found a suitcase containing several prescription bottles in the name of Johnson, who told investigators last year that the singer had been struggling with opiate use.
The suitcase also contained the lyrics for “You got the Look,” which appeared to be in Prince's handwriting. The suitcase had a tag on it bearing the name “Peter Bravestrong,” which investigators say could be an alias for Prince.
CNN's attempts to reach Johnson on Monday were not immediately successful.
About a week before his death, Prince's private jet made an emergency landing early April 15 in Moline, Illinois, on the way back from a performance in Atlanta. His publicist reassured fans that the 57-year-old star was fine, but a May 6 search warrant said investigators spoke to a witness who said Prince was rushed to a hospital because he was unconscious, and that the singer had admitted to taking one or two pain pills. Schulenberg, his doctor, was among those on the plane, according to a search warrant.
The day before Prince died, his team called an eminent opioid addiction specialist in California seeking urgent help for the singer, an attorney working for the specialist and his son said.
The specialist, Dr. Howard Kornfeld, couldn't get there immediately so he sent his son, Andrew Kornfeld, on an overnight flight to Minnesota. The goal was for the younger Kornfeld to help evaluate Prince's health and encourage him to enter treatment for pain management and potential addiction issues, attorney William Mauzy told reporters.
But by the time Andrew Kornfeld arrived at the singer's Paisley Park complex on the morning of April 21, it was too late. He and two Prince representatives found the 57-year-old entertainer unresponsive in an elevator. Andrew Kornfeld was the person who called 911, Mauzy said.
Less than a year after publishing research identifying a single genetic mutation that caused multiple sclerosis (MS) in two Canadian families, scientists at the University of British Columbia have found a combination of two other mutations in another family that made them highly susceptible to the disease.
The "double gene" mutation was identified in a large Canadian family with five members diagnosed with MS - all of whom had the DNA abnormality. Two other family members had the same mutation but didn't develop MS, indicating that some other genetic or environmental conditions are still necessary to trigger the disease process.
The discovery of this mutation, on top of last year's findings, should help erase doubts that at least some forms of MS are inherited. The prevailing view has been that a combination of many genetic variations causes a slight increase in susceptibility. In this family, individuals with the double gene mutation have about a 7-in-10 chance of developing MS, compared to a 1-in-1,000 risk in the general population.
These mutations, described in the journal Human Mutation, impair both immune function and phagocytosis, the process by which cells eliminate debris and pathogens.
"This is the first time that problems with phagocytosis have been linked to MS, and provides scientists with a better understanding the disease's origins and targets for developing new treatments," said lead author Carles Vilarino-Guell, an Assistant Professor of Medical Genetics who collaborated with colleagues at Australia's Florey Institute of Neuroscience and Mental Health.
The findings also could be used to screen people with a family history of the disease; an individual who was found to have this mutation could be a candidate for early diagnostic imaging long before symptoms appear, or could opt to reduce environmental risks by taking vitamin D supplements or quitting smoking.
MS results from the body's immune system attacking myelin, the fatty material that insulates neurons and enables rapid transmission of electrical signals. When myelin is damaged, communication between the brain and other parts of the body is disrupted, leading to vision problems, muscle weakness, difficulty with balance and coordination, and cognitive impairments. Canada has one of the highest rate of MS in the world, for reasons that elude scientists.
The double mutation, unlike the single mutation described last year, leads to the more typical "relapsing-remitting" form of MS, in which the symptoms come and go. These differences in clinical symptoms suggests that different biological processes are responsible for each type of MS, which could explain why treatments for relapsing-remitting patients are ineffective for people with more debilitating, progressive form of the disease.
The family with this mutation had donated to a Canadian-wide collection of blood samples from people with MS, begun in 1993 by co-author A. Dessa Sadovnick, a UBC Professor of Medical Genetics and Neurology. The 20-year project, funded by the MS Society of Canada and the Multiple Sclerosis Scientific Research Foundation, has samples from 4,400 people with MS, plus 8,600 blood relatives - one of the largest such biobanks in the world, stored at UBC and Vancouver Coastal Health's Djavad Mowafaghian Centre for Brain Health.
###
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A church has unveiled a memorial plaque for a beloved Gloucester boy who would have turned 18 today.
Beaufort School pupil Cain Westcarr was found hanged in his bedroom aged 12 on June 17, 2012. A coroner ruled his death was accidental.
Around 40 people who knew and loved Cain celebrated his life at 7pm tonight, on his 18th birthday, with the launch of a plaque at the City Church Gloucester, in Seymour Road.
His mother Veronica Lee said: "It is something that is there forever.
"Most of his friends have grown up, and it is nice for them to walk past and see there are still signs of him."
Cain was a regular at the Star 66 youth centre, which ran from the site where City Church now stands.
The church's pastor Mark Jones did not know Cain, but felt a responsibility to make sure his time at Star 66 was remembered .
He said: "When we took the building on four years ago, we were very aware the graffiti on the doors and the walls were a memorial.
"We felt we couldn't get rid of the graffiti until we did something to honour his life."
Mr Jones decided to put a plaque and a lit-up star at the front of the church.
Mum-of-11 Ms Lee, of St Paul's Road, said she liked the thought of Cain looking down as his 18th birthday was celebrated.
She added: "He was a cheeky chappie. He was always sticking up for other people, often getting into trouble."
Cain's best friend Tejai Oakes, 18, added: "He was one of the most outgoing people you will ever meet.
"I have never known someone to have your back as much as he did."
Fuel injection worker Mr Oakes, of Wilton Road, knew Cain for five years, often going to Star 66 with him.
"His death was one of the worst moments of my life," Mr Oakes said. "It was the first death I experienced."
He revealed he suffered from depression after losing Cain, but he has now overcome the illness.
"You have to remember people, but you have to get on and make something of yourself," Mr Oakes said.
Delroy Ellis, who ran Star 66, also paid tribute to Cain.
He said: "He was a ball of energy, a very happy young boy. He was a nice boy who got on with life."
Until last year, when the Parry Hall venue stopped being available, Mr Ellis ran a youth club inspired by the boy called Cain's Stars.
The well-known anti-knife crime campaigner hopes to start a new club at City Church in memory of Cain.
"It would be something once a week, like a film night, where everyone who knew him gets together," Mr Ellis added.
After tonight's ceremony Ms Lee went to Gloucester Crematorium to place some coloured stones at Cain's grave.
TOKYO, April 28 Most Japanese life insurers plan to increase foreign bond investments in the year to March as yields on Japanese government bonds still remain too low for them. Following is a summary of the investment plans of Japan's biggest life insurance companies for the financial year to March 2018, based on interviews with Reuters and news conferences this month. For stories on each company's investment plans, see FOREIGN BONDS ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Nippon Life to increase US corporate, mortgage bonds without FX-hedging, European bonds Dai-ichi to decide based on FX and yield levels, may increase unhedged bonds Meiji Yasuda to increase holdings overall, to up unhedged bonds if yen strengthens Sumitomo to increase FX-hedged bonds, may buy unhedged bonds when dollar is cheap Mitsui to reduce holdings of FX-hedged bonds;to increase unhedged bonds,credit products Taiyo to slightly increase holdings Daido to further increase holdings after buying Y220 bln last FY Fukoku to create a Y500 bln fund to invest mainly in foreign credit over next 5 years Asahi to increase USD-denominated debt, trim FX-hedging due to hefty costs Japan Post to increase both FX-hedged and unhedged bonds JAPAN BONDS --------------------------------------------------------------- Nippon Life to trim overall holdings, buy super-long JGBs if yields rise to 1 pct or higher Dai-ichi to reduce holding of JGBs, increase credit products Meiji Yasuda to trim overall holdings, to increase corporate bonds Sumitomo to curb investment in super-long JGBs, increase corporate bonds Mitsui to reduce holdings overall but increase credit products Taiyo to keep holdings steady, to buy if yields rise Daido to maintain holdings after buying Y140 bln last FY Fukoku to cut Y40 bln Asahi to reduce holdings, but yen-denominated debt to remain at core of portfolio Japan Post to reduce holdings, but to buy some amount JAPAN STOCKS --------------------------------------------------------------- Nippon Life to keep holdings steady, may buy when valuation is cheap Dai-ichi to control holdings flexibly depending on market levels Meiji Yasuda to keep holdings steady Sumitomo to keep holdings steady Mitsui to keep holdings steady Taiyo to slightly increase holdings Daido to increase holdings after buying Y25 bln last FY Fukoku not investing any Asahi to increase holdings by Y10 bln in FY2017 Japan Post to increase holdings FOREIGN SHARES, ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS --------------------------------------------------------------- Nippon Life to increase foreign stocks, including infrastructure funds and venture capitals Dai-ichi to increase foreign stocks, alternatives and real estates Meiji Yasuda to increase foreign shares, to keep real estate steady Sumitomo to maintain foreign stocks holdings steady Mitsui to keep real estate investment flat Taiyo to slightly increase foreign shares and alternative investments Daido to increase foreign stocks after selling Y20 bln last FY Fukoku to invest Y30 bln in foreign stocks Asahi to step up investment in alternative assets with "medium risk/return" profile Japan Post to increase foreign stocks and various alternative assets EXPECTED MARKET RANGES --------------------------------------------------------------- USD/JPY EUR/JPY NIKKEI JGB 10-yr US 10-yr Nippon Life Y100 - 120 Y110 - 130 17,000 - 22,000 -0.2 to 0.2% 2.0 - 3.0% Dai-ichi Y100 - 120 Y105 - 135 16,000 - 22,000 -0.2 to 0.4% 2.0 - 3.0% Meiji Yasuda Y101 - 121 Y107 - 128 17,000 - 21,000 -0.1 to 0.2% 2.0 - 3.0% Sumitomo Y100 - 125 Y110 - 135 17,000 - 24,000 -0.2 to 0.2% 2.0 - 3.0% Mitsui Y111 - 121 Y113 - 128 19,200 - 21,700 -0.1 to 0.2% 2.4 - 3.2% Taiyo Y100 - 125 Y105 - 135 17,000 - 22,000 -0.1 to 0.1% 1.8 - 3.2% Daido Y 105 -125 Y110 - 135 17,000 - 22,500 -0.1 to 0.2% 2.0 - 2.9% Fukoku Y 100 - 120 Y110 - 130 17,500 - 21,000 -0.1 to 0.15% 2.3 - 2.9% Asahi Y105 - 120 Y112 - 128 16,000 - 21,000 0.0 to 0.2% 2.0 - 2.8% Japan Post Y105 - 125 Y110 - 130 17,000 - 22,000 -0.1 to 0.5% 2.2 - 3.0% (Reporting by Hideyuki Sano, Shinichi Saoshiro, Tomo Uetake, Ayai Tomisawa, Taiga Uranaka and Lisa Twaronite)
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
We've had the Scrumpty Trail, the Henson Pig Trail and the Hare Trail but now Cheltenham is getting a trail of it's own and it sounds pretty good.
A Where's Wally Trail is coming to the town bringing the familiar figure in the striped top to a new audience of book lovers.
The free trail will run throughout the town from Friday October 6 to Sunday October 15 as part of the Cheltenham Literature Festival. Each day between 11am and 3pm little bookworms can pick up a trail sheet from Waterstones on the Promenade or at the Festival.
The trail will feature scenes created by local schools.
As the Harvey Weinstein scandal continues to reverberate through the entertainment industry, another incident of Hollywood sexual abuse has come to light, as Amazon Studios head Roy Price will now take a leave of absence. The studio boss reportedly harassed Man in the High Castle executive producer Isa Dick Hackett during Comic-Con 2015, and ignored Rose McGowan's reports of Weinstein's assault.
The Hollywood Reporter published details of the incident with Hackett (daughter of sci-fi icon Philip K. Dick), describing Price making lewd advances and remarks between events promoting The Man in the High Castle in July 2015. The matter was apparently dealt with through an outside investigator at the time, details of which were never revealed to Hackett. Price apparently stayed away from subsequent events.
As Deadline confirms, Price has been placed on a leave of absence, with Chief Operations Officer Albert Cheng taking over in the meantime. The Price incident also connects directly back to Harvey Weinstein, as Rose McGowan stated over Twitter that she'd made rape complaints about Weinstein to Price, only to see her TV project later cancelled.
Price himself was part of Amazon's recent push for more breakout TV series, leaving it unclear if the studio will make his absence permanent. In the meantime, more stories about Harvey Weinstein and sexual abuse in Hollywood continue to filter out.
Saudi Arabia has repeatedly played Trump, using bread and circuses to get him on board with a sweetheart arms deal, and the Saudi side in a Persian Gulf power struggle. China, the target of endless tough talk during the campaign, has managed to escape threats of trade sanctions. Chinese leadership has even somehow convinced Trump that he's bossing them around, rather than the reverse. Chinese state-run media openly ridicules him.
AROUND 25,000 homes in Perth are currently without power after a suspected lightning strike caused the network to cut out.
Western Power said the incident triggered safety devices in the network but there did not appear to be any damage.
At the peak 25,000 homes and businesses were affected but that number has already been reduced to under 12,000.
Technicians are currently trying to restore power to the homes.
“We would ask for customer patience as we safely restore the remaining homes,” Western Power said. “Some customers may take longer that predicted times on the Western Power website if damage is discovered.”
The effects suburbs are: Byford, Armadale, Brookdale, Seville Grove, Bedfordale, Hilbert, Serpentine, Mt Nasura, Mt Richon and Oakford.
If anyone sees a fallen powerline or damage to the network from storms they should make the Safe Call to Western Power on 13 13 51 and stay at least 8 meters away.
Weather forecasters say Perth is set for a very stormy Thursday with up to 10mm of rain expected to fall in parts of the metro area and a chance of a thunderstorm later in the afternoon.
Wanda Sykes likes to craft with her 8-year-old twins because it beats “parking them in front of the TV,” but there's more to her family's favorite past time then simply keeping them entertained.
“It's like recon for me,” the actress and comedian, 53, tells PEOPLE. “It's kind of like getting a look into their little brains.” Like any true art critic, she watches out for symbolism and hidden meanings in their work. “I'm trying to figure out ‘What do I have here, what's going on? Is anyone drawing a knife?'”
Fortunately, Sykes and her wife Alex's daughter Olivia and son Lucas's doodles often include princesses and dragons rather than anything PG-13.
The quality bonding time is an added bonus. Sykes adds, “As a parent, it's just good to sit down together and keep them busy and do something together as a family.”
RELATED: Rob Lowe Talks DIYs, Kids and Failing Eighth Grade Wood Shop: ‘I Am the Single Worst Crafter'
Sykes recently went up against Busy Philipps in a DIY challenge of her own, showcasing her painting skills. “I came to win,” Sykes says. “I'm very competitive.”
With her admitted confidence, though, comes a “realistic” streak that she actively passes on to her children. “With my kids, it's more about competing,” she says. “If my daughter sees that she's not going to win or it's not going her way then she wants to quit. And I keep pushing her, and say, ‘It's not about winning. It's about competing, being out there having fun and trying and working as a team.'”
RELATED: Behr Releases It's First Ever Color of the Year, Plus 19 More Trends You'll See Everywhere in 2018
But that doesn't mean Sykes isn't hoping for a W. “Deep down, hell yeah I want her to win,” she says. “But I can't tell her that!”
To watch Sykes battle it out with Philipps, watch the full video above.
April 28 Anthem Inc-
* Anthem responds to U.S. Court of appeals decision on acquisition of Cigna
* Says "is disappointed by today's decision"
* Says "currently reviewing opinion and will carefully evaluate our options." Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Miles Ryan Saurer was born on December 27, 2016 at Stevens Community Medical Center to Stacie and Ryan Saurer of Hoffman.
NEW YORK (AP) - In an April 20 story about the Democratic National Committee filing a lawsuit over Russian meddling in the 2016 election, The Associated Press reported erroneously that U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz accused former FBI Director James Comey of damaging Hillary Clinton's chances against Donald Trump during a private briefing in January 2017. In fact, she made the accusation on April 16 during an exchange with reporters in her district office in Florida, according to the Sun Sentinel newspaper.
A corrected version of the story is below:
In court, Dems allege conspiracy between Trump camp, Russia
The Democratic National Committee has sued President Donald Trump's campaign, his son, his son-in-law, the Russian Federation and WikiLeaks, saying they conspired to help Trump win the 2016 presidential election
By TOM LoBIANCO and LARRY NEUMEISTER
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - The Democratic Party sued Donald Trump's presidential campaign, Russia, WikiLeaks and Trump's son and son-in-law Friday, accusing them of an intricate conspiracy to undercut Democrats in the 2016 election by stealing tens of thousands of emails and documents.
The lawsuit filed in Manhattan federal court seeks unspecified damages and an order to prevent further interference with computer systems of the Democratic National Committee.
"During the 2016 presidential campaign, Russia launched an all-out assault on our democracy, and it found a willing and active partner in Donald Trump's campaign," DNC Chairman Tom Perez said in a statement. He called it an "act of unprecedented treachery."
The Democrats accuse Trump and his associates of trading on pre-existing relationships with Russian oligarchs tied to President Vladimir Putin and of collaborating with Russia as it worked to undermine Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
The president has said repeatedly there was no collusion between his campaign and Russia. On Friday, his campaign scorned the lawsuit as "frivolous" and predicted it would be quickly dismissed.
"This is a sham lawsuit about a bogus Russian collusion claim filed by a desperate, dysfunctional and nearly insolvent Democratic Party," Trump campaign manager Brad Parscale said in a statement.
He said the campaign would seek to turn the tables on the Democrats, using the legal discovery process to try to pry documents from the DNC including any related to a dossier detailing allegations of links between Trump and Russia. The dossier - a collection of memos - was written by an ex-British spy whose work was funded by Clinton and the DNC.
Trump himself tweeted that the DNC lawsuit could be "very good news," saying his campaign "will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI" as well as Hillary Clinton's emails.
Trump's tweet also referred to "the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man." He appeared to be referring to former DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz and reports of an IT specialist who once worked for some House Democrats. Wendy Wasserstein was a playwright whose dramas included the Pulitzer Prize-winning "The Heidi Chronicles."
Requests for comment from the Russian Embassy in Washington were not immediately returned.
The Democrats' lawsuit doesn't reveal new details in the sprawling storyline of connections between the Trump campaign and Russian operatives working on behalf of the Kremlin.
Instead it knits many of the threads that have emerged in public over the past two years to paint a picture of an alleged conspiracy between the Trump campaign, the Kremlin and WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange.
The DNC says the "brazen attack on American democracy" began with a cyberattack on DNC computers and phone systems in 2015, allowing the extraction of tens of thousands of documents and emails. WikiLeaks then blasted out many of the documents on July 22, 2016, shortly before Clinton was to be nominated -- upsetting the Democrats' national convention.
That added up to a "campaign of the presidential nominee of a major party in league with a hostile foreign power to bolster its own chance to win the presidency," the DNC lawyers write in the lawsuit.
That conspiracy violated the laws of the U.S., Virginia and the District of Columbia, the lawsuit says, and "under the laws of this nation, Russia and its co-conspirators must answer for these actions."
The DNC accuses Donald Trump Jr. of secretly communicating with WikiLeaks, and blames the president, too, saying he praised the illegal dissemination of DNC documents throughout fall 2016, making it a central theme of his speeches and rallies.
The DNC also fingers Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner as a co-conspirator for his role overseeing the Trump campaign's digital operation.
WikiLeaks responded to the lawsuit caustically.
"DNC already has a moribund publicity lawsuit which the press has become bored of--hence the need to refile it as a 'new' suit before mid-terms," the group said in a tweet. "As an accurate publisher of newsworthy information @WikiLeaks is constitutionally protected from such suits."
Assange, avoiding detention, remains in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London.
Special counsel Robert Mueller has filed charges against multiple former Trump campaign aides stemming from his federal Russia probe. But Mueller has directly accused only former Trump campaign foreign policy aide George Papadopoulos of trying to work with Russian operatives to support the Trump campaign.
Mueller also has indicted 13 Russian individuals working for the Internet Research Agency accused of running an elaborate scheme to meddle in the U.S. elections. The indictment alleges one of Putin's close allies, Yevgeny Prigozhin, oversaw the effort.
The hacking of the DNC has long been a sore spot for Democrats across the board since Clinton's stunning loss in November 2016. The hack and subsequent release of the emails hit the party just before it formally nominated Clinton, and the emails remained a major issue through Election Day.
Wasserman Schultz lost her job as party chairwoman just hours before the nominating convention after emails were released showing the DNC appearing to favor Clinton over Bernie Sanders in the primaries. The emails ripped open fresh wounds and formed a rallying cry for Sanders supporters hoping for a last-minute chance to deny the Clinton the nomination in Philadelphia.
Wasserman Schultz said earlier this month that she believes the way then-FBI Director James Comey handled the investigation into Clinton's emails played a role in Trump winning the presidency, the Sun Sentinel reported. DNC staffers also accused the FBI of not doing enough immediately after the hack was discovered in 2015 to alert them to the problem.
Democrats have similarly been critical of President Barack Obama for not doing enough in 2016 to fight back against Russia. Obama expelled Russian diplomats and shuttered diplomatic compounds in December 2016.
This is the second time in recent history that the DNC has sued a Republican president.
The Democrats sued Richard Nixon's Committee to Re-elect the President in 1973, following the break-in at the DNC's Watergate Hotel headquarters.
__
Associated Press reporter Chad Day contributed to this report from Washington. LoBianco reported from Washington.
FILE - In this March 12, 2018 photo, former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, waves to media as she visits the Jahaz Mahal monument in Mandu, Madhya Pradesh state, India. on March 17, 2018 Clinton wrote on Facebook that she meant no disrespect when she said women voters are more swayed by men during an interview in India. (AP Photo, File)
FILE - In this March 12, 2018 photo, former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, waves to media as she visits the Jahaz Mahal monument in Mandu, Madhya Pradesh state, India. on March 17, 2018 Clinton wrote on Facebook that she meant no disrespect when she said women voters are more swayed by men during an interview in India. (AP Photo, File)
NEW YORK (AP) - Hillary Clinton says she meant no disrespect when she said some women voters are more swayed by men.
Clinton took to Facebook on Saturday to explain comments she made during an interview in India last week when she said: Democrats "do not do well with white men, and we don't do well with married, white women. And part of that is an identification with the Republican Party, and a sort of ongoing pressure to vote the way that your husband, your boss, your son, whoever, believes you should."
The Democrat wrote that as much as she hates the possibility, "it's not that crazy when you think about our ongoing struggle to reach gender balance- even within the same household."
Clinton says she did not realize how hard it would hit many who heard it.
Clinton repeated that she lost the support of white women overall "to a candidate who relies on scare tactics and false attacks, masking the fact that he is otherwise no friend to most Americans."
Queensland Rail's highest paid driver earned almost $200,000 last year and worked the equivalent of six months overtime amid a staffing crisis.
State government figures show drivers worked hundreds of hours in overtime in the 2016/17 financial year.
Some worked the equivalent of more than 20 average working weeks on top of their normal shifts.
The five highest-paid drivers pocketed between $53,200 to $75,900 over and above their salaries, while the average driver took home an extra $511 a week.
The top earner did 18 months' worth of hours in a year, notching up 25 weeks worth of overtime, while the other four worked between 17 and 22 weeks of overtime.
Transport Minister Mark Bailey says good progress is being made to resolve the staffing crisis and there are no safety risks from drivers working large amounts of overtime.
He says 69 new drivers are now on the job, with 77 in training, and 168 new guards hired.
But Opposition transport spokesman Steve Minnikin put the blame for the staff shortage on a union-driven ban on external recruitment of drivers.
"Labor's train driver shortage means more overtime for union drivers, paid for by taxpayers," he said in a statement.
$118M prison boat to sail by November month end
DPI, Guyana, Friday, October 6, 2017
Prisoners are soon to be transported to the Mazaruni high-level security prison via a spanking new motorboat.
The $118M passenger-cargo vessel for the Guyana Prison Service is under construction at the Guyana National Industrial Company (GNIC) shipyard on Lombard Street and is slated to be completed by November month end.
Minister of Public Security Khemraj Ramjattan, on a visit to the shipyard, told media operatives that, “GNIC was awarded the contract in May 2017 to ensure that we have proper transportation for prisoners and produce for the prisoners on the Essequibo river.”
Previously, prisoners were transported to the riverain prison location by private vessels contracted by the government.
Expressing satisfaction at the quality of work and the rate at which the vessel is being completed, Minister Ramjattan said “I am no expert, but having gone in there it does appear that the GNIC is doing a good job it. I'm pleased that local people can be employed to ensure that the assets get completed on time.”
The Twin Screw Passenger-Cargo Vessel has been designed for harbour and riverain service in Guyana.
It has accommodation for 80 passengers above the main deck as well as for 60 tons cargo below the main deck ahead of the engine room. It contains three watertight bulkheads which divide the hull into four compartments. The vessel will be designed with a free running speed of not less than minimum 12 knots and will be fitted with two Perkins Diesel Engines developing about 500HP.
Additionally, the vessel will be steel welded in construction and will be of ABS Classification Standard.
By: Kidackie Amsterdam
Planned Parenthood has filed a federal lawsuit against Indiana over the state's law that requires abortion clinics to be inspected annually for health and safety issues.
“Once again Indiana politicians are barging into the exam room with irrational demands and intrusive requirements,” said Jane Henegar, executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) of Indiana, which filed the suit on behalf of Planned Parenthood of Indiana and Kentucky (PPINK), reports the Associated Press.
BREAKING: We just filed suit against a new Indiana law that shames women for their personal medical decisions and threatens their doctors with criminal penalties. #ReproRights https://t.co/IwGrh7l9c2 — ACLU of Indiana (@ACLUIndiana) April 23, 2018
In addition to a provision requiring annual health inspections of abortion clinics, the Indiana law also requires medical providers who treat women for complications due to abortion procedures to report patient information to the state.
The provision “imposes unique and burdensome obligations,” Planned Parenthood argued in the lawsuit, claiming such complications “are both extremely rare for abortions and are more likely to occur after other medical procedures.”
Planned Parenthood took in nearly $544 million in taxpayer funding last year, according to its latest annual report, and claims to be a “women's healthcare” provider, though the number of many of its non-abortion services has been in decline. The abortion vendor also boosted its profits by $21 million – 27 percent – from the previous year.
Our favorite day. ❤️️ pic.twitter.com/U9lxDM5NVp — Planned Parenthood Advocates of Indiana & Kentucky (@PPAdvocatesINKY) April 21, 2018
Christie Gillespie, president and CEO of Planned Parenthood of Indiana and Kentucky, said in a statement that the new law “is not about patient safety.” She said abortion “is already incredibly safe.”
Gillespie added the law's provisions are “yet another attempt by politicians to shame and stigmatize pregnant Hoosiers and spread the myth that abortion is dangerous.”
However, in 2016, Americans United for Life (AUL) provided a 200-page report titled Unsafe: The Public Health Crisis in America's Abortion Clinics Endangers Women. The report echoes the case of Philadelphia abortionist Kermit Gosnell who, in 2013 was found guilty of murdering babies born alive during abortion and in the death of one of his patients.
The AUL report also challenges the narrative put forward by abortion advocates that the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in the Texas case of Whole Woman's Health vs. Hellerstedt prevents state legislatures from requiring health and safety standards in abortion clinics.
“This report is the tip of the iceberg as too many state officials are turning a blind eye to this red-light district of medicine,” said AUL's then-vice president of legal affairs Denise Burke and the author of the report.
“The abortion industry willingly sacrifices women's health and safety in their ‘back alley' clinics, prioritizing mere access to abortion over women's health and safety,” she said, adding:
Convicted murderer Kermit Gosnell provided “mere access” to abortion, and women died in his care. During the investigation of Gosnell and his “house of horrors” abortion clinic, the grand jury found that, while there were laws on the books allowing for inspections, state officials decided not to act because of abortion politics. Women's health and safety must not be held hostage by an abortion industry willing to put profit over people.
Mike Fichter, president and CEO of Indiana Right to Life, said the new lawsuit is “sadly predictable” and that the reporting provision “brings needed transparency to the abortion industry.”
“Almost every time Indiana lawmakers pass legislation to protect women's health and safety, the abortion giant runs to activist judges to block the laws,” Fichter said, according to AP.
The law's provisions are to take effect on July 1.
"The non-discrimination provisions clearly violate well-established Supreme Court precedent holding that a woman may terminate her pregnancy prior to viability, and that the State may not prohibit a woman from exercising that right for any reason." https://t.co/4MmkjDblej — Planned Parenthood Advocates of Indiana & Kentucky (@PPAdvocatesINKY) April 21, 2018
Planned Parenthood and the ACLU recently celebrated another judicial win in Indiana where the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals ruled the state's law banning abortions due to the unborn child's disability, race, or sex is “unconstitutional.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) have announced plans to colonize Mars. The ambitious aim is contained in a statement titled the “Mars 2117 Project” which at its final stage involves building the first habitable human settlement on the red planet by 2117.
The 5th World Government Summit in Dubai was chosen as the venue for the announcement with Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashed al-Maktoum (pictured), the Emir of Dubai and vice president and prime minister of the UAE, saying that deep space was a natural destination for his country and its scientific endeavours.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“Human ambitions have no limits, and whoever looks into the scientific breakthroughs in the current century believes that human abilities can realise the most important human dream,” Sheikh Mohammed said.
“The new project is a seed that we plant today, and we expect future generations to reap the benefits, driven by its passion to learn to unveil new knowledge. The landing of people on other planets has been a longtime dream for humans. Our aim is that the UAE will spearhead international efforts to make this dream a reality.”
The project, to be named "Mars 2117", integrates a vision to create a mini-city and community on Mars involving international cooperation. pic.twitter.com/v27jA3K3pS — HH Sheikh Mohammed (@HHShkMohd) February 14, 2017
According to the statement, the first phase of the project will focus on preparing a scientific cadre of individuals with the skills “to facilitate the arrival of humans… in the next decades. The Mars 2117 Project also aims to prepare an Emiratis scientists team and to develop an international scientific consortium to speed up the research project.”
We aspire in the coming century to develop science, technology and our youth's passion for knowledge. This project is driven by that vision. pic.twitter.com/4QibJjtiM2 — HH Sheikh Mohammed (@HHShkMohd) February 14, 2017
In 2015, the UAE announced its Mars Probe mission, which will send the Arab world's first spacecraft aloft on a scientific exploration mission that “will land on planet in 2021.”
Although the Mars colony remains a distant aim, in the immediate short term the UAE claims it is ready to have passenger drones in the skies above Dubai as early as July 2017, according to the city's Road and Transport Authority (RTA).
The pilotless drones, designed to carry a weight of 100kg and a small suitcase, will have a range of 30 km, and are on track to take off within months, Mattar Al Tayer, chairman of RTA, said in a statement released at the Dubai conference.
“I am glad to inform you that hopefully we will be able to have these drones available starting July 2017,” he said.
The drones are part of Dubai's strategy on autonomous transportation, under which 25 per cent of all journeys within the Emirate are expected to be smart and driverless by 2030.
A man from Wigan who died after becoming trapped underneath a bus outside Chester Zoo has been named locally as Wayne Lannon.
Police say they were called to the attraction just after 12.30pm today to reports that a man was wedged underneath a double-decker.
Wayne Lannon
A source said the man had been called to carry out repairs on the vehicle, which had taken a school group to the venue.
They said the jack gave way while he was examining it and he suffered crush injuries.
Paramedics attended the zoo's coach park but the man was pronounced dead shortly afterwards.
A Cheshire Police spokesman confirmed the man was 46 years old and from Wigan.
An investigation into the circumstances surrounding the incident is currently under way Cheshire Police spokesman
She said: “An investigation into the circumstances surrounding the incident is currently under way and the Health And Safety Executive has been informed.”
The emergency services erected a screen around the bus as a result of the incident. The man's next of kin have been informed.
Tonight, tributes were paid online to Mr Lannon, 46, from Beech Hill.
Ryan Liptrot wrote on Facebook: “Rest in Peace Wayne a status I never thought I would be writing, a great gent a guy that was class with everyone and it was a pleasure to call you my friend.”
Sharon Jones said: “RIP Wayne. You were one in a million and we will never forget you.”
The bus is understood to have been empty at the time.
The zoo's chief executive Mark Pilgrim spoke of his “real sadness” following the tragedy.
He said first aid teams and zoo staff helped the emergency services and he expressed his sympathies to the man's family.
CLOSE A rollover vehicle crash on the evening of Monday, Dec. 11, 2017 caused traffic tieups at U.S. 41 and Immokalee Road in North Naples. Dorothy Edwards/Naples Daily News
Buy Photo Emergency crews clean up the scene of a rollover accident on U.S. 41 and Immokalee Road in North Naples on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Photo: Dorothy Edwards/Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
A rollover vehicle crash at about 4:45 p.m. Monday caused traffic tieups Monday evening at U.S. 41 and Immokalee Road in North Naples.
Traffic was down to one lane on northbound U.S. 41 just north of Immokalee. The crash is being investigated as a DUI, authorities said at the scene.
Injuries to motorists appeared non-life threatening, authorities said.
A black SUV was traveling southbound on U.S. 41 when it started rolling, crossed the median and struck a white SUV traveling northbound, authorities said.
At the crash site, the black SUV was rolled onto its side with clothing spilling out the back windshield. A family inside the black SUV, including small children, were seen being taken to the hospital, witnesses said.
Traffic is down to one lane (for now) on northbound U.S. 41 just north of Immokalee. Appears to be a two vehicle crash. pic.twitter.com/lwLJJjlj8V — Shelby Reynolds (@_shelbyreynolds) December 11, 2017
Syl Furmanek, who was driving to the right of the white SUV in the turning lane to pull into Publix, said he heard a big boom and his wife, Maxine, screamed.
"If we had been one lane over it would have hit us," Maxine Furmanek said.
Continue to follow updates to this story.
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/news/local/2017/12/11/rollover-causes-traffic-snarls-41-and-immokalee-road/942437001/
ARCANUM – The Arcanum Trojans executed well on defense for four quarters on Friday and were productive offensively for three of those four quarters, which was enough to earn them a 61-38 win over Bradford.
Arcanum got out the gate quickly and before Bradford knew it the Railroaders were down 14-0.
The Railroaders responded with a thoroughbred of their own with Andy Branson breaking the run with a triple at 3:48. Branson then went on a tear, scoring all 10 first quarter points for Bradford.
Grant Delk was working well inside in the first period with 9 points. Carter Gray scored 8 and Evan Atchley 3 to put the Trojans up 20-10 after one quarter of play.
As hot as Arcanum was in the first quarter, the Trojans couldn't have been colder in the second as they failed to make a single field goal. In fact, they went seven straight minutes without scoring until Gray knocked down two tosses from the free throw line at 1:32 for their only points in the second quarter.
Bradford wasn't able to take advantage as Branson picked up two charging calls early in the second quarter and had to sit the rest of the first half with three fouls.
“Taking those charges on Branson were big,” Arcanum boys basketball coach Marcus Bixler said. “We are doing the little things better. We had four or five tonight and the same the other night. We do a challenge each week for charges and diving on the floor, and the guys are getting a kick out of it.”
Bradford won the quarter, scoring 6 points with Dialaquan Millhouse getting 4 of them, to pull the Roaders to within 22-16 at the break.
“Offensively shots just didn't drop in the second quarter, and we've had instances of that all year,” Bixler said. “I thought our guys did a good job of staying solid on the defensive end. In the past when we aren't scoring we tend to let up on defense. But we kept up the intensity, contested shots and rotated well on defense, and that really kept us in the game.”
The lid was off the basket in the third quarter as Gray nailed back-to-back triples at 4:14 to go up 32-21.
Bradford scrapped and hung around as Parker Smith hit a 3-pointer, and the Roaders cut the margin to 35-27, but Arcanum finished with the last 5 points to take a 40-27 lead into the final stanza.
Gray converted an and-one to start the fourth quarter and followed it up with another drive to the basket to extend the lead to 45-27.
Branson, who lead Bradford with 14 points on the night, saw limited action in the second half and fouled out early in the fourth quarter. Millhouse tried to pick up the slack, scoring 5 of his 11 points in the final period, but it wasn't enough to make up the deficit.
Gray had 23 points for Arcanum and the big guy inside Delk added 20 to help Arcanum to a 61-38 Cross County Conference win.
Arcanum improved to 8-10 on the year and 3-7 in the CCC. The Trojans will play at Twin Valley South Friday night.
“Now we have to get ready to go on the road to Preble County for two tough road games. It's really being good to be on a three-game winning streak. We just need to keep bringing that same level of intensity,” Bixler concluded.
Bradford fell to 1-15 overall and 0-9 in the conference and will play at Lehman Catholic Saturday night.
Box score:
Score by quarters
BR … 10 … 06 … 11 … 11 – 38
AR … 20 … 02 … 18 … 21 – 61
Individual scoring
Bradford – Parker Smith 5, Dialaquan Millhouse 11, Andy Branson 14, Layman 2, Josh Phillips 6; Totals 4-11-4/5 – 38
Arcanum – Isaiah Hootman 1, Carter Gray 23, Wills Troutwine 2, Wade Meeks 1, Evan Atchley 6, Andrew Baker 2, Zach Smith 6, Grant Delk 20; Totals 5-16-14/22 – 61
http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2377.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2381.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2406.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2419.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2454.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2464.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2474.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2476.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2477.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2485.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2491.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2494.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2501.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2515.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2526.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2529.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2539.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2542.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2544.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2549.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2560.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2584.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2586.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2591.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_DEB_2593.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMG_1680.jpg Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Arcanum's Isaiah Hootman drives to the basket during a Cross County Conference boys basketball game against Bradford on Friday in Arcanum. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_Isaiah-Hootman-WEB.jpg Arcanum's Isaiah Hootman drives to the basket during a Cross County Conference boys basketball game against Bradford on Friday in Arcanum. Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate
By Scott Sullivan
Editor
A split Saugatuck Township board approved changing fire cost-recovery policies Aug. 2 over objections by Saugatuck Township Fire District partners Douglas and Saugatuck cities plus department leaders.
Clerk Brad Rudich, treasurer Lori Babinski and trustee Doug Lane voted for the amendment — six months in the making and disputed by fire staff throughout the process.
Supervisor Jon Phillips and trustee Roy McIlwaine, both opposed, were voted down 3-2.
Since January township officials — citing some area builders who have complained the department's interpretation and enforcement of the International Fire Code has been overreaching — have proposed some of those powers be shifted to zoning administrator Steve Kushion.
Fire Chief Greg Janik has argued the IFC exists to protect public and firefighters' safety and the department enforces it impartially. “Lives are at stake,” he said.
The Aug. 2 vote followed a July 24 special fire board meeting at which at least some accord was reached between Janik and township officials, Phillips and McIlwaine included.
At that session both sides gave their blessing to a township ordinance amendment regulating fire apparatus access on private roads and driveways serving four or fewer homes. The township board approved that one 5-0 Aug. 2. Both amendments are reproduced in full elsewhere in this issue.
At the July 24 fire board special session, Kushion agreed to strike two proposed code enforcement sections — one in which the fire code official would review proposed construction plans only on request of the township building official, the other requiring the fire code official to obtain the township building inspector's permission to inspect a building — after Janik said they were unacceptable. “I won't do this,” the fire chief said.
The township's proposed efforts to more clearly define what assessable costs are — i.e. for “extraordinary incidents” outside what district residents might expect for their fire-district taxes — remained unresolved that evening.
Janik called a July 31 meeting of all three district partners' managers and zoning administrators to discuss cost recovery prior to the township's scheduled Aug. 2 board vote on the matter.
Kushion, on a pre-scheduled family vacation, could not attend. Sheridan, the lone township official present, taped the session “only to defend myself from past false and unattributed claims made against me in another newspaper,” he told The Commercial Record.
He had Babinski's and Rudich's approvals beforehand in doing so, Sheridan said. Lane's came later. Others who attended — Janik, Douglas and Saugatuck city managers Bill LeFevere and Kirk Harrier plus respective ZAs Lisa Imus and Cindy Osman — weren't informed beforehand of the recording. Several objected upon learning afterwards.
In the recording, obtained through the Michigan Freedom of Information Act, Harrier claimed since the district began cost-recovery three years, no charges have been appealed.
Sheridan countered that fewer than half the billed charges had yielded payments; a process defining what could be assessed would give member governments grounds to collect on tax bills.
Janik noted descriptions of incidents, such as water rescues, were poorly worded in the amendment if they appeared at all.
“Why change an ordinance when there's no problem with it?” asked Harrier. LeFevere also objected to the proposal. Little accord was reached.
Douglas architect Charles Carlson Aug. 2 voiced concerns shared by some township board members and echoed by certain builders.
“As a licensed architect, my job is first to protect the health and safety of my clients,” said Carlson. “I feel the fire code's design requirements are a little excessive.
“The cities are one thing. The township — which comprises 57.7 percent of the tri-community's population (per the 2010 U.S. Census) and 85.3 percent of its land area — is a different animal,” he continued, with room for many more deep-lot developments.
“I had one client in the township shot down by the fire department when it demanded a turnaround and widened driveway. He didn't want to tear out the trees on his entryway and lose his front lawn,” said Carlson.
“People are saying they're not going to build here.”
The revised private roads and driveways ordinance might address some of Carlson's concerns. Cost recovery? That was the evening's flash point.
“As a zoning administrator with 32 years of experience,” said Osman, “I do not feel that in any way I am qualified to pass judgment on how the cost recovery process is done by the fire department.
“There is an appeal process in the existing ordinance to address concerns that citizens may have,” she went on. “It is more than adequate to cover any situation.”
“The ordinance changes being proposed by Saugatuck Township,” said Harrier, “will have negative consequences to the other units of government in the fire district. It would not be advisable for any unit of government that is part of a fire district to adopt inconsistent cost-recovery ordinances.”
“I admit I have done a 180 on this,” said township trustee McIlwaine, who had previously supported township reassessments of its fire ordinance.
“I believe the cities have valid objections. I'm not ready to approve an ordinance that will put us in conflict with our partners in a matter that isn't that big a deal.
“It is not worth a split in a partnership that has been successful for so many years,” he said.
“I think that the three communities should have discussed their concerns when this (township discussion of fire-code changes) started,” said Phillips. “If we don't work with them, we are setting up a department that's going to fail.”
“I feel the township is making a huge mistake,” said deputy fire chief and township resident Chris Mantels, “in an attempt to fix something that isn't broken. I feel many of you (board members) have been misled.
“Ultimately, it will be none of the trustees, nor the township staff, performing fire-prevention duties or fighting fires at 2 a.m.”
After the 3-2 vote on cost recovery, Phillips said he would call a special board meeting to discuss “a disagreement” between himself and the manager.
“I am disappointed with your decision,” said Janik.
“We will work our best to serve citizens despite the setback tonight,” he said.
