Published by aHorseForElinor
Rider dedicated to doing my best with dressage. Or saddle up successfully each time. Or how about just stay on. This is "Dressage On A Dime" - Come read about it all at: https://ahorseforelinor.com/ View all posts by aHorseForElinor
by Jonathan Vander Lugt
Late in the fourth quarter on Tuesday night at Germantown Academy, reality had begun to sink in.
Malvern Prep had held tight for a good portion of the game's duration. The first quarter ended at 24-all, and the half at 46-44 in favor of Germantown Academy.
Then, Kyle McCloskey turned on the jets. He had already scored 18 in the first half, but came out like a man on fire to start the game's latter frames. After 14 third-quarter points, the Patriots led 70-58. Twelve more in the fourth helped balloon the lead to 17.
By then, the game had less than two minutes remaining. Everybody in the gym knew what the contest's outcome was going to be.
GA head coach Jim Fenerty pulled his starters with a shade under a minute left, and the group of them—senior leaders McCloskey and Evan-Eric Longino included—began to understand the magnitude of the moment they were in.
The Patriots were about to clinch an unprecedented fifth-consecutive Inter-Ac championship.
“It was just a feeling of relief—almost pure joy that overcame all of us. It was a great feeling to know that all of our hard work from the past four years—every practice or shoot-around—really made the difference,” McCloskey said. “Coming out and realizing we were going to win, it's a feeling that you can't really describe.”
“For us seniors, we've never lost a league championship,” he went on. “Especially for Evan-Eric and I, we told ourselves that we weren't leaving the court without one.”
Without those two, the 87-80 victory that sealed what wound up being a championship tie with the Episcopal Academy certainly wouldn't have been possible. Longino did what he normally does—barrel and shoot his way to 25 points—but McCloskey's performance was nothing short of brilliant.
He lit the gym on fire with a 44-point performance—the highest of the Inter-Ac this season. He knocked down 17 buckets from the field, including five from deep.
It was his second 40-point night in the league season (the first, a 43-point outburst, came with five overtimes worth of extra minutes against the Haverford School). In the Pats' six-game winning streak to close the conference season, he averaged just under 28 per game.
If not for a hard commit to play quarterback at Villanova next year, Division I basketball programs—if they aren't regardless—would likely be knocking on his door.
“In our first game against Malvern at Malvern, Fran Dunphy was being honored for being their coach in the 70s,” Fenerty said. Dunphy, a Philly college coaching legend, currently helms the Temple men's basketball program.
“After we came back from 19 down against them, he called me and said, ‘That kid McCloskey will simply not be denied.'”
“He's been a warrior for us, straight across the board,” Fenerty said. “Throughout it all, he's always kept grounded. He's as talented a player as we've ever had.”
He didn't do it alone though. It's hard to imagine a player, night-in-and-night-out, who scores almost 25 points getting overshadowed, but scoring in spades is what Longino did all year with remarkable consistency. He wasn't always flashy, but he got the job done.
“Evan-Eric is as good of a player as we've ever had,” Fenerty said. “He's going to go out with numbers that are in our top five or six in the school's history.”
Only seven times in 26 games (to date) did he score less than 20 points, and only once was he held in single figures.
After starting league play with two losses in its first four games, GA needed to lean on the pair of them for strength, and that's what they provided.
“I don't think that anyone was really picking us in the beginning of the year, and it's pretty amazing to win six straight with some crazy ones—five overtimes against the Haverford School, coming back from 19 down in the first game against Malvern,” McCloskey said. “We knew that every game was a must-win, and we played every one like a championship, and that's why we were able to win six straight in the league.”
“When we lost the second game in the league, I had been complaining, as a coach, about our practices,” Fenerty said. “Our practices, from that game forward, were excellent. I give it to the senior leadership. They basically said, ‘We ain't losing.”
They didn't, and now they have another feather in their caps, banner on the wall, or record in the book—whatever metaphor you want to use.
The point is, after an early roller-coaster, Germantown Academy will reign king in the Inter-Ac for another year.
More than £12 million has been paid out by Harrogate and District NHS Foundation Trust for medical negligence claims in the last five years.
The total figure, £12,068,336, paid out between 2012 and 2017, was revealed in a BBC investigation of medical negligence costs for all NHS Trusts nationally.
Across England, Harrogate and District NHS Foundation Trust (HDFT), was ranked 145th of 258 Trusts for total payouts, with London-based Barts Health NHS Trust topping the chart.
Dr David Scullion, Medical Director at HDFT, said: “Although rare, serious incidents resulting in a claim do occur.
“Harrogate and District NHS Foundation Trust treats all claims very seriously.
“NHS Resolution payments on behalf of the Trust relate to a very small number of cases when compared to the overall numbers of patients seen.
“The number of cases which result in successful litigation is low. The Trust is committed to putting measures in place to improve patient safety and experience when such cases occur.
“Incidents are thoroughly investigated and we look to learn lessons from each in order to further improve the safety and quality of care for our patients.
“Every year, NHS trusts pay an annual insurance-like contribution to NHS Resolution which uses the funds to settle all clinical negligence claims.
“Any payments in litigation cases are not taken out of the Trust's frontline budget to provide patient care.”
Solo (With Dog) Plunge
Jack Flynn of South Salem, N.Y. and his dog Joy did their own New Year's Day plunge at Compo Beach today. (CLICK TO ENLARGE) J.C. Martin for WestportNow.com
Seattle Sounders fans still smarting from Toronto FC's victory on Saturday might have had to go through the five stages of grief all over again this morning if they tried to check the news: For a couple hours, The Seattle Times displayed a pre-scheduled “victory” advertisement for the Sounders on their website.
These type of ads are often planned ahead of time, but are meant to be cancelled in the event of a loss. Apparently, the Times forgot to pull the ad, and so articles on the site were surrounded by bright green banners calling the Sounders “Champions” and advertising a parade and rally in downtown Seattle.
Toronto FC defeated the Sounders 2-0 to take home the MLS Cup with goals by Jozy Altidore in the 67th minute and Victor Vasquez in the 94th, sending the game-clinching shot in after Armando Cooper's shot hit the goalpost.
The ad mistake was noticed and screenshotted for Twitter as early as 8:45 a.m.
Uh-Oh!
We can't find a newsday subscription associated with this login information.
You can use either an Optimum or Newsday login by clicking the ‘Connect Account' button and verifying your subscription information.
Dua Lipa has new rules for getting over that ex, but life may not be that simple for all of us. Luckily, if you are still suffering from a broken heart, science has finally figured out the best way to get over your breakup!
I remember friends telling me "the best way to get over someone is to get underneath someone else." Well, that is not the way to repair a broken heart.
So what's the key to getting on with life faster? A new study published in the Journal of Experimental Psychology says that general distraction seems to be the best option for that.
“Distraction is a form of avoidance, which has been shown to reduce the recovery from a breakup,” according to the study's co-author Sandra Langeslag.
So the strategy should be used sparingly to boost your mood in the short term. Distractions can be new hobbies, going back to school, or hitting the gym hard. Basically, you want to consume your time with something other than thinking of your ex.
Want to take a more angry route? Well, the next option to get over its by actually bashing your ex.
If you focus on the negative aspects of your past relationship, and the things that they did to bother you, you will move on faster.
You can read more about these techniques by clicking here.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
CLARKS SUMMIT — A Tunkhannock woman suffered injuries when her vehicle collided with a utility pole Sunday afternoon on a busy road in Clarks Summit, downing wires and cutting power to parts of the area until early this morning, borough police said.
Julee Chamberlain, 50, drove north on North State Street and veered off the road in the 400 block at about 12:30 p.m., Officer Eric Williams said. She collided with a utility pole and took down wires from several homes and businesses in the area.
Wires also came down on vehicles, including Chamberlain's, and authorities had to cut the power to rescue Chamberlain from her car, which she was in for at least 15 minutes, Williams said. Chamberlain went to Geisinger Community Medical Center.
Power came back on before dawn this morning, Williams said. An accident investigation is ongoing.
— JOSEPH KOHUT
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Interest is growing in Robins defender Joe Bryan with clubs from both the Championship and Premier League chasing his signature.
Yesterday it emerged that both Middlesbrough and Leeds United are in the chase for the left-back's signature. However, some fans dismisssed this as putting two and two together.
However, according to our sources both of the two northern second tier sides ARE 'very interested' in the 24-year-old with both teams looking to reinforce their full-back positions.
Our understanding is that there have been no bids for Bryan yet this summer, though.
That means that early reports that Burnley had offered £6m at the beginning of the summer transfer window were untrue and it remains doubtful that the Clarets hold an interest.
We know from our sources that Fulham do retain a long held interest, though. While Bournemouth sent their top scouts to Ashton Gate last season and could prove a destination, too, depending on what happens in the race for Kieran Tierney.
One deterrent is that the price tag is high for the talented Bryan, widely regarded as the jewel in the crown at Ashton Gate due to his good form and development last season, his rising through the ranks of the Bristol City academy and his off-pitch activities.
Statistically, according to Opta data, the Bristolian ranked as the best left-back in the Championship last campaign.
Bryan, of course, won the EFL Player in the Community for 2018 award, being a strong supporter of the Bristol City Community Trust, regularly engaging in player appearances at events such as holiday camps and so on.
Off his own back, he has also supported a self-employed amateur footballer player with physio treatment following a severe injury and a local grassroots football club who had their pitches vandalised.
As well as scoring that memorable opening goal against Manchester United in the Carabao Cup in 2017-18 he was also an ambassador for the Children's Hospice South West for the second year running.
We are told that Bryan has rejected several contract offers to stay at Bristol City though and will not be renewing his deal in BS3.
With just a year remaining on his current deal the close friend of Bobby Reid is set to either be sold later this window or stay for one more year.
We understand that there is a slim chance that he could remain at Ashton Gate and leave on a free transfer instead next summer.
Club owner Steve Lansdown and CEO Mark Ashton will not want to see their best asset leave for nothing and so a climb-down on the prohibitive price tag is expected later in the window.
Lansdown had cited the figure of £10m last summer, but less is demanded now with time running out for a lucrative sale.
Our sources tell us that a move to the Premier League is most likely either in the remaining 38 days of the transfer window or summer 2019 instead.
Further, we understand that Bryan is ambitious to play at the highest level he can.
The one-time Plymouth Argyle loanee was tipped for England senior honours by former Bristol City coach John Pemberton earlier this summer.
TV personality and actress, Fella Makafui looked ethereal in her look and we just can't help but talk about it. Her outfit is an eye candy.
If you ever thought you have had enough of Fella Makafui's look, then you completely had her twisted because she seems to have turned her style qualities a nitch higher and this look of hers says it all.
The ‘Yolo' star rocked this white full-length dress to the West African Youth/Forum Awards at La Villa Boutique Hotel in Accra. She was honored as the ‘Best Actress of the Year'.
READ ALSO:6 Ghanaian musicians that seriously need a fashion makeover
The off-white dress was made of a see-through lace with an opaque material at the upper part of the costume. It also had thing dripping of material around the neckline and across the dress with some elaborate designs in it too.
Let's talk face-beats. Fella's subtle bridal make up popped her melanin to perfection. Her low haircut style plus she minimized accessories gave her a classy but chicky made her stunning. Her look was in one word ‘impeccable”.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Bristol Rovers boss Mark McGhee has been sacked by League Two strugglers Barnet with Martin Allen appointed for a fifth time as they look to battle against the drop.
McGhee, who took charge of 45 Bristol Rovers matches in 2012, had joined the club as head coach in November 2017 with the side 23rd in League Two.
However, he was removed from that position when Graham Westley joined the Bees in January with McGhee becoming Head of Technical.
Barnet are now bottom of the Football League with 30 points from their 38 games and they are seven points away from safety.
Chairman Tony Kleanthos has turned to Allen in a desperate bid to save their Football League status with eight games left of the season.
Allen will return for a fifth time after departing the club in 2016 for a doomed role at Eastleigh.
The decision to bring back Allen has seen Westley and McGhee leave Barnet with immediate effect.
A club statement said: "Barnet Football Club can also confirm the departure of Head Coach Graham Westley and Head of Technical Mark McGhee with immediate effect. We would like to thank Graham and Mark for all their effort and hard work whilst at the club."
Since leaving Rovers, the 60-year-old has had two other permanent roles other than his time at Barnet.
The Scot took over at Motherwell after an almost three-year break from management in 2015.
Prior to that McGhee was part of Gordon Strachan's Scotland coaching side as assistant manager.
Staff Reporter
Renowned Lollywood Actress and Director Reema Khan said that fighting against Thalassemia is the responsibility of everyone in the society.
Speaking to media while on her visit to Thalassemia Care Centre of Help International Welfare Trust (HIWT) here on Saturday, Reema Khan said to stop spreading Thalassemia in the country, everyone should go through the complete medical test because of nature of the disease. “We have to propagate and start a nationwide awareness campaign against Thalassemia and its effects, she added.
Reema lauded the efforts of Help International Welfare Trust (HIWT) and its contribution towards helping as well as provide care to the Thalassemia patients. We have to follow the footstep of an institute like HIWT as a great example working hard for providing care to the patients of Thalassemia in the country. She said that print and electronic media should start an effective awareness campaign among masses about the disease of Thalassemia across the country.
During her visit to Thalassemia Care Centre, Reema mingle-up with the children patients of Thalassemia and answered thpeir queries as well as snapped selfies with them. On the occasion, Dr Tariq Shahab said the government should open special Thalassemia wards in every hospital so that the patients mostly children would be giving proper care without any financial charges.
Hatters boss Nathan Jones wouldn't be chastising keeper Marek Stech too much despite his error costing Town in their 1-1 draw against Notts County on Saturday.
The Luton stopper came charging rashly off his line to try and claim a free kick he was never going to win on the hour mark, with ex-Newcastle United forward Shola Ameobi nodding into the empty net to level the scores.
Although frustrated with the manner of the goal, Jones said: “The only tinge of disappointment was that it was reminiscent of the Blackpool thing, one silly mistake, too flat a ball to come for, but he's been magnificent Marek.
“For me he's the best keeper in the league, so one little error, we can't berate him too much.
“We're not going to chastise him too much if he makes the odd error, he's probably made two errors this season which have cost us four points, the one at Cheltenham, and the one here, so as long as he doesn't make too many of those,
“But he's a fantastic keeper, an outstanding keeper, and we just don't want to do that, as that's a similar mistake to last year.
“We want to improve on everything we did last year and it happened in big games, but that's the thing about big games, the margins, it's all right when you're six or seven up, those mistakes don't happen.
“But in the tight games when you come up against the better sides then the margins are are really tight and you've got to make sure you're right on top of them.”
The free kick itself had seen Johnny Mullins needlessly give away a foul when challenging for a high ball as well, with Jones saying: “I was disappointed with the lead up to the goal in terms of one we felt we should have had a free kick against Danny (Hylton), and then Johnny Mullins's decision to go and win it when he can't win it.
"It's too flat a ball, then it's too flat a ball to try and win that one (for the goal).
“So there are elements of frustration in it, but lets give Notts County credit as well, as it was two good sides going at each other.
Mullins himself knew the free kick he had given away was a soft one, saying: "I've come in and put my hands on him as such. He's probably won it as much as I've fouled him, but that's good forward play.
“I'm disappointed to give that away, but that's little margins and then the ball's come in and we've not defended it properly.
"It was a flat ball that they've got a nick on, we'll have a look at that, work on it and make sure it hopefully doesn't happen again.
“Marek's been excellent and he was coming out and taking crosses, taking punches, he was so proactive and on the front foot, so that's what we wanted him to be.
“It was just that one didn't happen for whatever reason, so we'll look at it, work on it, we won't get hung up on it and go again."
Defender Jack Stacy also wasn't too critical of the popular Czech Republic stopper either, saying: “I think Marek is the best keeper in this league hands down.
"Maybe he should have stayed on his line, but we had 90 minutes to score a second goal, so we's a team effort and it's 1-1 at the end of the day."
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - Pentagon spokesman Eric Pahon told Sputnik on Saturday, hours after a Russian Su-25 attack aircraft was downed by militants in Syria, that the United States did not equip partner forces in Syria with surface-to-air weapons.
"Alongside by, with, and through our partners in Syria, the United States remains focused on the fight against ISIS [Daesh]. The US has not equipped any partner forces in Syria with surface-to-air weapons and has no intention to do so in the future. Our operations are geographically focused on ongoing combat operations against ISIS [Daesh] in eastern Syria. We will assess the validity of these claims to ensure the safety of our coalition partners. I refer you to the Russian government for information regarding this incident," Pahon said.
Meanwhile, terrorrist group Tahrir al-Sham released a post on social media quoting a commander in charge of its air raids as saying one of its militants had hit Russian SU-25 during an "air raid" over the city of Saraqeb in the northwestern province of Idlib.
© Sputnik/ Vladimir Astapkovich Russian Defense Ministry Releases Video of Su-25 Downing Over Syria
Earlier on in the day, the Russian Defense Ministry revealed that Russia's Su-25 was downed in Syria's Idlib province from a man-portable air-defense system (MANPAD). According to the ministry, the pilot ejected from the aircraft but was killed by militants on the ground.
In January, the Al-Masdar News media outlet reported, citing own sources that the US had provided the MANPADS to the Kurds earlier in the month under the agreement between Washington and the YPG. According to the news outlet, the MANPADS have been delivered to the Kurds in the northwestern part of Syria near the town of Afrin.
Meanwhile, an international arms monitor UK-based Conflict Armament Research (CAR) has earlier reported that the US weapons that were covertly provided to Syrian rebel groups were allegedly in the hands of Daesh within two months of their delivery. CAR studied over 40,000 weapons recovered from Daesh since 2014 and found that a majority of them were US arms given or sold to Syrian rebel groups.
© AP Photo/ Hammurabi's Justice News US-Backed Rebels Sell Guns to Daesh - Former Security Head of Base in Syria
In one case, an arsenal including anti-tank weapons switched hands from the US to Syrian rebels to Daesh in only a two month period.
In at least one instance, a US-backed militia is known to have had its weapons seized by Islamic militants. Division 30, Syrian rebels armed and trained by the CIA, were ambushed by the al-Qaeda linked al-Nusra Front in August 2015, the militants seizing their armaments and effectively destroying the group.
Some of the US-trained militants are known to have defected to Daesh or al-Nusra, often bringing their weapons with them.
However, the study was not able to conclude whether or not the rebels willingly gave the weapons to the Islamic militant group or if Daesh stole or captured them.
Our correspondent
Chitral (Bang)
A meeting of local people held here at Bang some 200 KM from here criticized the police department's decision to bring the whole Yarkhun valley under the jurisdiction of the newly-established police station in Yarkhun Lasht. The meeting was attended by elected local government representatives, social and political activists from Povur, Bang, Meragram and other villages. The participants of the meeting said in order to facilitate the residents of the far-off Yarkhun valley the police department established the Yarkhun Lasht police station but without considering the geographical location of the area, all the villages from Istach village near Brep to the Broghil valley were brought under the limits of the new police station. Earlier, these villages were under the limits of the Mastuj police station. The move has put the local people of Istach, Dizg, Khruzg, Merting, Birzoz, Phashk, Lashdan, Imit, Bang lower, Bang upper, Mergram No 2, Urkhan, Dewser, Patrangaz, Pavur, Devser etc in an awkward situation.
NEW YORK — Germaine de Randamie clocked Holly Holm after the bell in one round, then a second, and got nothing more than a warning from the referee.
De Randamie kept those pivotal points on the scorecard, and slapped a UFC championship belt over her shoulder.
The 32-year-old Dutch kickboxer shook off Holm's clinching and won by unanimous decision — 48-47 on each judge's card — in the main event at UFC 208 on Saturday night to become the first featherweight champion in the woman's division.
De Randamie (7-3) dropped to her knees in celebration as the Barclays Center crowd booed the end of a lackluster bout. UFC created the new 145-pound division in part as a showcase for Cristiane “Cyborg” Justino.
Justino was the lone fan standing in the front row toward the end of the five-round bout and stuck around to snap selfies with fans. Justino's UFC fate is in limbo because of a doping violation that knocked her off the New York card.
“I want to fight everybody and I will fight anybody so we will see who is next,” de Randamie said.
A fight may not be on the immediate horizon.
De Randamie, who also fought in Strikeforce, said she needed surgery on one of her hands. UFC said de Randamie was taken to a hospital.
Holm (10-3) has lost three straight bouts since she became the first fighter to defeat Ronda Rousey in December 2015.
De Randamie rocked Holm with repeated hits after the bell in two rounds. She struck Holm with a right a tick after the horn to end the second round that sent the crowd of 15,628 howling. Holm shook de Randamie with a head kick near the end of the third. But de Randamie again thumped Holm just after the bell and was walked to her corner with referee Todd Anderson talking in her ear. But she was never penalized for the late blows.
“The second time, at that point you'd think they'd do something,” Holm said.
De Randamie said the hits weren't intentional.
“It was in the heat of the moment. I apologized,” she said.
Like Holm, de Randamie moved up in weight for the shot at the title in the first UFC pay-per-view in 2017. She might be the least-known fighter on the card. But she walked out a champ.
“I came to fight and she didn't want to fight me,” she said.
Holm may have fought in the main event for the last time in her UFC career. She heard unflattering comparisons all week to former heavyweight champion Buster Douglas, who was a one-hit wonder in the fight game following his KO of Mike Tyson.
Anderson Silva had one more big win left in the MMA octagon, a passable performance to beat Derek Brunson in the co-main event. Silva had the Brooklyn crowd clearly on his side, and his familiar dose of swagger and showmanship were on full display in a 29-28, 29-28, 30-27 victory.
Silva crouched in his yellow trunks, the crowd going wild for “The Spider,” all hoping he could recreate the greatness of his prime. He landed a spin kick to the body in the first round that rattled Brunson but otherwise never came close to dominating the middleweight bout.
Silva dropped his longtime entrance song, DMX's “Ain't No Sunshine,” for an original tune called “Doom” by his teenage son Kalyl.
“I'm the best ever,” repeated one of the lyrics.
The 41-year-old Silva is certainly on the short list of all-time great MMA fighters.
Silva (34-8) was hit with emotion and appeared to choke back tears as he held a hand to his face. Chris Weidman, who ended Silva's dominant run in 2013, sat in the front row and nodded in approval as the sellout crowd chanted “Silva! Silva! Silva!”
“I know I'm too old to fight,” Silva said.
Silva said he climbs inside the cage these days for love the sport and for his family and friends. Talk of future shots have faded into the background, and this victory over Brunson (16-5) certainly did nothing to prove he's up next for another crack at the belt.
“Everyone is telling me that I won. I feel terrible,” Brunson said. “I took this fight on short notice and, to have this happen, is just crazy to me.”
Silva won the middleweight title in 2006 in his second UFC fight and went on slap a choke hold on the belt for nearly seven years. He had 10 straight title defenses before he lost to Weidman. Silva's only win since 2012 was overturned with a doping suspension and he was stopped on short notice by Daniel Cormier in his last bout at UFC 200 in July.
UFC's second trip to the Big Apple in three months lacked the top-to-bottom star power of the debut show in November but fans were just as enthusiastic and filled the place well before the PPV started.
Dustin Poirier won a brutal, bloody bout in the PPV opener against Jim Miller that left both fighters broken. Poirier tagged Miller with straight shots that cut him open above his eyes and covered his face in blood.
Poirier appeared to sustain a serious injury to his right ankle. Poirier, a majority decision winner in the lightweight bout, was down on the canvas for a bit after the bout ended and needed help from this corner to sit on a stool. He was helped back on his brittle leg to the locker room and a stretcher soon followed him down the corridor. UFC said Poirier was taken to a hospital.
“I didn't hear anything snap,” Poirier said. “It felt wobbly the last couple of rounds.”
Glover Teixeira defeated Jared Cannonier by unanimous decision in dull fight that brought out the New York boo birds. Jacare Souza choked out Tim Boetsch at 3:41 of the first round and moved to 7-1 in UFC.
The $2,275,105 gate was the highest for a sporting event in Barclays Center history.
Mitsubishi e-Evolution concept Enlarge Photo
Mitsubishi pulled the plug on the Lancer Evolution last year, but the Japanese automaker won't lay the iconic nameplate to rest permanently. The automaker revealed a new Evolution Concept will make its debut at the 2017 Tokyo motor show—not as a sports car, but as an all-electric SUV called the e-Evolution Concept.
Following the brief, bombshell announcement, Mitsubishi provided new details on the concept's battery-electric powertrain and described some of its artificial intelligence (AI) features. While Mitsubishi did not describe battery capacity or power outputs, it did say the e-Evolution Concept uses "high-torque and high-performance electric motors, supplied by a high-capacity battery system." We can assume the e-Evolution Concept will do its best to channel the sporting aura the "Evolution" name has garnered over the years.
Mitsubishi e-Evolution concept Enlarge Photo
The e-Evolution Concept will pair the high-output electric powertrain to a triple-motor four-wheel-drive system, which boasts a dual-motor active yaw control (AYC) system. A single motor powers the front wheels, while the dual-motor AYC system handles power delivery to the rear wheels, and provides electronically controlled torque vectoring. Mitsubishi says the entire power and drivetrain provides crisp handling and sporting appeal.
To enhance the driver-centric mentality, the Mitsubishi e-Evolution concept includes AI assistance to bolster the driving experience. The automaker described the system as a complementary force in the e-Evolution Concept, which will learn drivers' behaviors and coach them in vehicle performance and safe operation. Specifically, the AI system will build a "training program" for drivers to provide advice through voice dialogue and the e-Evolution's dashboard display. The AI system will also control other functions via voice activation, such as headlights and wiper blades, and it can alert the driver to various malfunctions.
Teaser for Mitsubishi e-Evolution concept debuting at 2017 Tokyo Motor Show Enlarge Photo
In the grander scheme of things, the e-Evolution projects Mitsubishi's future design and product direction, but the brand didn't say if the concept itself previews a production vehicle. Now part of the Renault-Nissan alliance, Mitsubishi will focus on electrification. We'll have the full details on the e-Evolution Concept when it makes its debut on October 25. To follow our coverage of the event, head to our dedicated hub.
"The story you're about to see is true," Laura Derns says in the new trailer for The Tale. "As far as I know." The HBO film, premiering May 26, tells the true story of Jennifer Fox, the film's writer and director. Specifically, The Tale, which has been described as a "cinematic memoir," tells her story of sexual assault, which she didn't remember until later in her life. In the movie, Jennifer, played by Dern, goes on a personal journey that will change her life forever, but also looks at the stories we tell ourselves to survive.
In the trailer, Dern's character Jennifer explains that as far back as she could remember, she was "obsessed with changing" herself. So much so, that she doesn't remember who she used to be. Through the course of the movie, the audience begins to understand why that is. It all connects back to her teenage years — young Jenny is played by Isabelle Nélisse — when she was coached by Mrs. G (Elizabeth Debicki) and Bill (Jason Ritter), who she trusted but apparently took advantage of her.
The Tale refers to a story Jennifer writes when she's young that she discovers holds more questions than answers about her past. But the movie also looks at how our memory picks and chooses what it recalls, perhaps, as a form of protection. But it's the truth, no matter how hard it is to hear, that will ultimately set us free.
HBO on YouTube
In the movie, which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival, Dern's Jennifer goes back to see Mrs. G to relive some of those days in hopes of understanding what it is she's trying to forget. In the end, the character must come to terms with the fact that her first sexual experience when she was 13 was rape, despite her thinking it was nothing but consensual.
In real life, Fox wrote about the experience of sleeping with her 40-year-old track coach for school in a story called "The Tale." The Los Angeles Times reported that Fox's teacher wrote on the story, "If this is true, it's a travesty. But since you're so well-adjusted, it can't be true."
According to the L.A. Times, Fox admitted, "The reason I put my name on [the movie] was so that nobody could say it was a lie. Nobody could chop the film down by saying, 'Oh, it's just fiction. Sexual abuse doesn't look like that.' I am here to represent that it does."
It took a decade for the documentary filmmaker to write and finally make this film, which is her narrative debut. Fox told The Hollywood Reporter that The Tale wasn't an easy sell with producers, but she's happy it didn't happen until now. In the midst of the #MeToo movement, it feels like the right time to be talking about this movie. “The world is ready to take a challenging look at this dark subject of child sexual abuse,” Fox said. “To us, it's a miracle.”
Kyle Kaplan/HBO
Fox hopes the conversation surrounding this film will be openminded. "Abuse is complex," she told the L.A. Times, "and our society wants to make it black and white." People have reportedly walked out in the middle of screenings, and reviews of The Tale admit there are parts that are hard to watch, but that's the point. "Telling it complexly does not change the fact that it was abuse," Fox said. "When we simplify it, we hurt everybody."
With her movie The Tale, Fox is telling a personal story, but one that many people may relate to. Fox hopes that the film will let other survivors know they're not alone and that she believes them.
If you or someone you know has been sexually assaulted, call the National Sexual Assault Telephone Hotline at 800-656-HOPE (4673) or visit online.rainn.org.
The economists have suggested finance minister Arun Jaitley that in case the govt falls short of the 3.2% fiscal deficit target, the reasons should be explained in Union Budget 2018. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi: Economists on Monday urged finance minister Arun Jaitley to cut the corporate tax rate to make Indian industry globally competitive, and give incentives to infrastructure and small businesses without compromising on the government's fiscal consolidation road map.
The recommendations made by the economists who met the minister for a pre-budget consultation included tax proposals, social security measures and ways of mobilizing additional revenue.
According to a finance ministry statement, the economists suggested that in case the government falls short of achieving its fiscal goals for the current fiscal year (including a 3.2% fiscal deficit target), the reasons should be explained in the budget. They wanted the forthcoming budget to set out a road map for further tax reforms.
The finance ministry recently set up a task force to draw up a new direct tax code, taking into account global best practices and the economic needs of the country. In addition, the government is in the process of phasing out corporate tax exemptions and reducing the tax rate to make the tax system simple and reduce litigation.
The tax rate for companies with annual revenue less than Rs50 crore a year was reduced to 25% from 30% in the budget for the current fiscal year.
Experts also urged the government to lay down a schedule for convergence of the various goods and services tax (GST) slabs. Jaitley, who chairs the GST Council, has already indicated the federal tax body's intention to merge the 12% and 18% slabs once revenue streams stabilize. They also sought a more taxpayer-friendly administration.
“It was also suggested that without compromising on macroeconomic stability, more incentives be given for infrastructure investment as well as to small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and construction sectors to make them economically viable,” said the finance ministry statement.
The economists also pitched for more remunerative prices for farm produce.
According to Rathin Roy, member, Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister, the government is expected to stick to the fiscal deficit target, said news agency PTI.
Levying long-term capital gains tax on equity and disinvestment of state-run companies were suggested as some of the ways to mobilize additional revenue. Among social security measures, the economists wanted higher old age and widow pension.
In his annual Mansion House speech late last month, the UK Chancellor of the Exchequer, Philip Hammond, set out his plans for cementing London's place as the world's leading financial centre.
He talked about banking and he talked about Brexit. Yet somehow, he utterly failed to mention a technology that could be crucial to his goal: blockchain.
Britain's...
Fireworks Out Of Foxborough
Tom Brady's number one target, Julian Edelman, had his suspension upheld late last night. He will be out for the first four games of the season. All offseason, Tom Brady has been working one-on-one with Edelman in Chestnut Hill and in the practice field house at Gillette Stadium.
Edelman's Suspension Is A Blow To The Offense
The night before the Fourth of July and Fireworks were coming out of Foxborough, it seemed like fireworks have been going off all off season with this team. The latest news on Edelman is another firework, but not the friendly kind. Tom Brady will have to rely on other targets like Rob Gronkowski and Chris Hogan. The loss of Danny Amendola to free agency is a considerable blow to the offense.
This is really not a good sign for Edelman, as he missed all of last season and was looking forward to getting back on the field in September. It looks like that will have to wait until October, when the Patriots play the Indianapolis Colts on Thursday Night Football.
For the first four games, the Patriots open with the Houston Texans, Jacksonville Jaguars, Detroit Lions, and Miami Dolphins. They will likely finish these games with better than a 2-2 record. As long as Hogan and Gronkowski stay healthy, they should be fine.
What Did Edelman Test Positive For?
It's worth noting that league won't release what Edelman tested positive for. Richard Sherman got his suspension reduced for a PED that was accidental so why didn't Edelman? It doesn't make sense why the league wouldn't release what Edelman tested positive for. We already have the Patriots conspiracies floating around that Bill Belichick had something to do with it, which is downright ridicoulous.
We are about three weeks away from Patriots training camp. At that moment, we will see Brady and how he builds chemistry with his new young teammates. Unfortunately, he'll have to find a new favorite target to replace Edelman for the month of September.
Share this:
Related
View the original article on
London, United Kingdom, April 24, 2018 — The substantial oil and gas resources on the African continent have the potential to catalyze and accelerate economic growth, if used strategically. In light of changing technologies and policies and the nature of the international oil and gas industry, appropriate development strategies are not always evident.
To help build and maintain strong relationships between international and national oil companies and their respective host governments, the African Legal Support Facility attended the 2018 International Petroleum Summit that was held for the first time in London from April 23-25. The event's more than 400 participants included government officials, petroleum sector policy-makers, and the executives of leading oil companies, including Total, Shell, and Repsol.
Egon van der Hoeven, Asia Pacific and Middle East Manager of ExxonMobil Exploration Company, explained that, “A number of key questions were addressed at the conference by some of the leading names within the industry. What exit strategy is private equity pursuing? And what are project lifecycles going to look like?”
To address these pressing questions, the ALSF sponsored the 2018 IPS and also actively participated in a high-level panel event that aims to share and explore the outlooks and concerns of governments and their legal counsels, especially regarding exploration and production contracts. Senior Legal Counsel Thierno Olory-Togbe was a panelist in the session, Perspectives from Advisors to Governments on Upstream E&P Contracts and Legislation.
Opinion: What Zora Neale Hurston's Best-Seller Taught This African About Slavery
Enlarge this image toggle caption Leslie Mwinnyaa
July Fourth is a day when America celebrates its independence.
But this July Fourth, I am reflecting on another part of the American experience — the enslavement of my fellow Africans. That's because I have just finished reading Barracoon, the book in which Zora Neale Hurston presents the story of Cudjo Lewis, who was on the last ship that brought slaves across the Atlantic. It took 60 years for her book to be published. Now it is a best-seller.
I was born and grew up in Ghana. I have long had many questions about slavery. Barracoon answers some of those questions — but not all of them.
In Ghana, the memories of the slave trade haunt two white buildings in the towns of Elmina and Cape Coast. They look like castles by the sea. But these centuries-old structures have a horrific history. Africans were held as captives in their dungeons before being sent across the ocean to a life of slavery.
I visited the castles for the first time six years ago, when I was 24. I walked through narrow passages to the "door of no return." I wondered how many of my fellow Africans passed through. I imagined them in their cells, in chains, scratching on the walls, searching for hope when none existed, crying and never being heard.
toggle caption Leslie Mwinnyaa
I wanted to hear their experience in their own words. And that is the genius of Barracoon. The voice of Lewis — whom Hurston calls by his African name of Kossula — rings out loud and clear.
For many readers, the book is a window into the past. For me, the book is a self-discovery as well.
There are so many stories I heard about slavery when I was growing up — stories that created an impression of Africa as a primitive place. Now I understand that this damaging image of Africa, which still exists today, is rooted in the lies told about slaves.
As a child, I heard that people in Africa once did not wear clothes. But Kossula has a different story to tell. Before he and other Africans got on the slave ship they were stripped of their clothes, he says. So when they arrived in the United States people called them naked savages. In his own words he stated "de Many-costs [a nickname referring to porters/servants of slave traders] snatch our country cloth off us. We try save our clothes, we ain' used to be without no clothes on. But dey snatch all off us.
"We come in de 'Merica soil naked and de people say we naked savages."
I always wondered how these slaves remembered the Africa they left behind. In the book, I came to see their passion and love for Africa. Kossula expressed how much he and the other slaves desired to go back to their African home, how badly they cried and wished for that home: "We are very sorry to be parted from one 'nother. We cry for home. We took away from our people."
On April 12, 1865 when the Yankee soldiers told Kossula and other slaves that they were free, the first thing they did was plan how to get back to Africa. They thought their masters were going to send them back home and their responsibility was to buy the ticket. So they started advising each other on how to work hard and save for the trip. Kossula stated: "We meet together and we talk. We say we from cross de water so we go back where we come from. So we say ... now we work for money and gittee in de ship and go back to our country. We think Cap'n Meaher and Cap'n Foster dey ought to take us back home. But we think we save money and buy de ticket ourselves."
Barracoon has shown me that I am a descendant of people with resilience, people who could survive extreme maltreatment and atrocities.
Kossula stated that on the ship "Dey doan give us much to eat. Me so thirst! Dey give us a little bit of water twice a day .... De water taste sour."
Having gone through slavery and having lost his wife and all his children, some through brutal killings, Kossula at the end of one of his stories to Hurtson stated "Poor Cudjoe, I no lookee back. I presssee forward."
The Western World has long exploited the natural resources of Africa — such as gold, bauxite, cocoa, oil and diamonds. Barracoon is a reminder that the most devastating exploitation of Africa was the taking away of my great ancestors — strong, resilient, passionate people who truly loved and cared about Africa, young men and women who would have led Africa to great heights.
There are some questions that the book does not answer.
Why did this happen to Africans? I remember asking that question when I visited the slave castle.
How could there be a church in the middle of the castle, not far from the slave cells. How could any God-fearing person treat another being so inhumanely and then go to worship and pray? This just does not make sense to me.
toggle caption Leslie Mwinnyaa
I am also struck by an irony. Slaves and the descendants of slaves yearned to go back home, yet today Africans are yearning to leave home. African youth are dying in the Mediterranean Sea every day. Many young men and women, including my own friends, cross the Sahara Desert, sometimes on foot, to Libya. They work for several years, saving every penny to make the deadly journey to Europe. They try to cross the ocean, where many of them have been swallowed up by the waters.
All they want is a chance to earn a good living.
I understand that. In Ghana, I did not score high enough on my final exams from high school to qualify for admission to the public universities. Then I met and married a Peace Corps volunteer and moved to the United States. I was able to start classes at a community college and eventually applied for a scholarship that gave me the chance to study public health at Johns Hopkins University. I earned my Bachelor of Arts in 2017. This coming August, I will graduate with my master's degree.
In my new life in the United States, I do long for Ghana, just as Kossula longed for Africa. But unlike Kossula, I came here of my own free will and have the opportunity to go back home whenever I want to.
If I could ask Kossula one question, I would want to know: What were his hopes and dreams in Africa before he was captured? If we knew that, perhaps Africans would have more hope in a brighter future for Africa today.
George Mwinnyaa, who grew up in Ghana, lives in Baltimore with his wife and two sons and is finishing up a master's program at the Bloomberg School of Public Health.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Whether you prefer a korma or a jalfrezi, a madras or a massala - curry remains one of the nation's favourite takeaway options.
Gloucester is spoilt for choice if you fancy a curry but don't fancy cooking - with Bristol Road acting as the city's own 'curry mile.'
These are all the curry houses scoring the highest rating handed out by the Food Standard Agency's (FSA) national food hygiene rating scheme.
Inspectors look at how hygienically food is handled, how it is prepared, cooked, re-heated, cooled and stored.
They also examine the building itself for cleanliness, layout, lighting, ventilation and facilities.
How the business manages and records what it does to ensure food is safe is also key.
And these companies are all top of the charts
This list was compiled on February 2, 2018.
(Image: Morrisons)
Aroma
69 Southgate Street Gloucester
GL1 1TX
Polash
Unit 6 Mead Road Gloucester
GL4 5GL
Balti Hut
136 Cheltenham Road Gloucester
GL2 0LY
The Garlic
6 Glenville Parade Gloucester
GL3 3ES
Taste Of India
38 Worcester Street Gloucester
GL1 3AG
Spice House
138 Barnwood Road Gloucester
GL4 3JS
Jon's Spice Hut
53 Fieldfare Gloucester
GL4 4WH
Nepalese Chef
24 London Road Gloucester
GL1 3NR
Connoisseur Tandoori Restaurant
22 London Road Gloucester
GL1 3NR
Indian Memories
79 Bristol Road Quedgeley Gloucester
GL2 4NE
Hilltop
19 Worcester Street Gloucester
GL1 3AJ
Bhaji's
41 Bristol Road Gloucester
GL1 5SA
Masala Dosa
Private address: registered with Gloucester City local authority
GL1
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Shangrilla
188 Barton Street Gloucester
GL1 4HE
Shiraz
5 St Aldate Street Gloucester
GL1 1RP
Trafalgar Takeaway
92 Tredworth Road Gloucester
GL1 4QS
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Salma Hayek has been thrilling fans with holiday snaps - including outdoor showers and rock pool dips.
The 50-year-old Oscar nominated Mexican star showcased her incredible figure with an outdoor shower.
Sharing the photo on Instagram, the star proved she looks as youthful as she did over twenty years ago when she made her Hollywood debut.
Sharing the snap, the star wrote: “#water the most beautiful delicious and precious necessity of humans,“ as she posed in a bikini and let the water splash over her.
(Image: Splash News)
Another photo saw her spying on local wildlife with binoculars while taking a dip in a man-made rock pool and sporting a bikini.
Overwhelmed fans took to the comment section of her Instagram page to provide words of appreciation.
"Body of a goddess omg your gorgeous,” one awe inspired fan wrote.
Another commented: "you age like a fine wine and get better and better."
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
Salma made her Hollywood debut in the 1995 Robert Rodriguez directed action thriller Desperado opposite Antonio Banderas.
The following year she drew even more attention in the Rodriguez/Quentin Tarantino action-horror From Dusk Till Dawn.
In the film, Salma played a vampire queen - and had a memorable scene dancing on a table top with a snake.
More than twenty years later, the star has barely shown any sign of age at all - with her outdoor shower bikini shot almost looking like an image from the From Dusk Till Dawn film.
Elon Musk, the founder of private company SpaceX, is widely considered one of the strongest critic of artificial intelligence and he even stated that the advent of AI might turn into a dangerous weapon. He has also claimed that the potential outcome of artificial intelligence may turn out riskier than dealing with North Korea.
But now, Eric Schmidt, the former executive chairman of the Board of Directors of Alphabet, Google's parent company, has lashed out against Musk's views stating that the SpaceX founder has a wrong perception regarding AI.
All inventions have its own curse and boon
During a speech delivered at the Viva Technology conference in Paris, France, Schmidt said that Elon Musk does not know the potential of artificial intelligence.
"So, I believe that Elon is exactly wrong. So. My position is clear. And he is wrong because he doesn't understand the benefits that this technology will provide to making every human being smarter. And the fact of the matter is that AI and machine learning are so fundamentally good for humanity," said Schmidt, CNBC reported.
During the speech, Schmidt argued that making people smarter by using artificial intelligence is good for the society. He added that Elon Musk has only thought about the potential misuse of this technology.
"Over and over again, making people smarter is a net good. He is concerned about the possible misuse of this technology. And I am too. But today, the overwhelming benefit of this is positive. You would not invent the telephone because of the possible misuse of the telephone by evil people. No. You would build the telephone and you would try to figure out a way to police the misuse of the telephone," added Schmidt.
He also believes the impact of artificial intelligence in the society will help to rectify the number of human errors.
Stephen Hawking and Elon Musk criticize AI
In February 2018, Elon Musk delivered a speech at the South by South West (SXSW) festival in Austin, Texas and there he criticized the advent of AI as well as aurged with the authorities to frame regulations to make sure that everyone is regulating AI safely.
"This is a situation where you have a very serious danger to the public. There needs to be a public body that has insight and oversight so that everyone is delivering AI safely. This is extremely important. My point was AI is far more dangerous than nukes. So why do we have no regulatory oversight? It's insane," said Musk.
Previously, legendary theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking had also shared similar views regarding the dominance of AI in the human society. Several times he warned that emergence of artificial civilization could be the worst event in human history unless society finds a way to control its development.
Peter Schiff
Mr. Schiff began his investment career as a financial consultant with Shearson Lehman Brothers, after having earned a degree in finance and accounting from U.C. Berkeley in 1987. A financial professional for more than twenty years, he joined Euro Pacific in 1996 and served as its President until December 2010, when he became CEO. An expert on money, economic theory, and international investing, he is a highly sought after speaker at conferences and symposia around the world. He served as an economic advisor to the 2008 Ron Paul presidential campaign and ran unsuccessfully for the U.S. Senate in Connecticut in 2010.
Lagos
Chinese banks have made commitments to offer financial support for oil and gas investments in Nigeria, a top Nigerian official has said. Maikanti Baru, the Group Managing Director (GMD) of Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) said this in Abuja, the nation's capital. He spoke when a delegation of Nigerian Gas Association (NGA) paid him a courtesy visit. Baru said China had contributed 250 million U.S. dollars for project development at a recent financing agreement signed in London. “On that occasion, I did challenge the Chinese banks that since they have now come on board, they should move from the back seat to the driver's seat,” he added. Baru said the recent debt settlement for Joint Ventures (JV) would have great impact on the gas industry. He said the JV initiative was capable of providing some dedicated funds to develop the oil sector. “We share the aspiration of government to raise power generation to at least 10 GW capacity, not just 10 GW in terms of installed capacity but one that will be steady in the grid by 2020,” he said. “All these will drive our activities to ensure that the gas business is expanded and government's aspiration to earn as much revenue from gas as oil will be realized definitely,” Baru said.—Xinhua
A mum has spoken of the devastating impact cancer has had on her three-year-old son in the hope that people will support a fundraising campaign to pay for treatment he desperately needs.
Brave Charlie Procter has undergone a punishing 19 rounds of chemotherapy after being diagnosed with a rare condition only found in young children, Hepatoblastoma, in his stomach in February 2016.
The stage-four cancer remains stable but his chances of survival are now rated at "below 20 per cent."
Charlie, who is being treated at Manchester Children's Hospital, has been left too weak to walk from a dramatic loss of weight due to treatment for the cancer in his stomach and lungs.
And his parents, Amber Schofield and Ben Procter, of Accrington, were dealt another devastating blow after they were told it would cost £250,000 for treatment of the tot in the United States.
The original estimated target was £50,000 so the news was a crushing blow. They are now sharing their heartbreaking story all over the world in a bid to raise the money they need.
Amber (22) has documented her son's treatment on facebook to raise awareness of the condition which affects just eight children per year in the UK.
She said: “We haven't had time to cry. It's all just happened too quickly. To be told that your son has cancer and then has a 60 per cent chance, that keeps declining and then to be told nothing else can be done; it's horrible.
“A mother is meant to do everything for their children and I can't. That's the worst part and it breaks my heart that I can't save him myself."
For more information on Charlie visit http://www.facebook.com/CharliesChapter and to donate, visit, https:// www.gofundme.com/mkwze3tg.
Paying workers is one of the most basic tasks that any organization, from the family-owned corner store to the biggest multinational corporation, has to get right. And it's one that the Canadian government has, almost unbelievably, been unable to do properly for more than two years. The culprit is the Phoenix pay system — and the pervasive culture of fear and obedience in the federal civil service that let this lemon of a system see the light of day.
Auditor General Michael Ferguson latest report says a culture of obedience and fear in the federal civil service contributed to the Phoenix pay system debacle. ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Conceived of by Stephen Harper's Conservative government in 2009, it was projected to save $70 million annually by replacing hundreds of administrative staff with computer software. Instead, it's now estimated that it could cost taxpayers $1.2 billion by the time it's fixed, which is still years away. Governments have a terrible track record when it comes to implementing new technology. This one, though, is particularly egregious: the senior public servants in charge actually managed to create something that was less efficient and more costly than the 40-year-old system it replaced. Even more troubling than that — because it affects every aspect of the federal government — is the civil service culture that allowed this debacle to happen. That was outlined in clear and depressing detail by auditor general Michael Ferguson in his latest report to Parliament this week.
Article Continued Below
Plenty of problems cropped up as the pay system was being developed, but the bureaucrats who knew about it were afraid to tell their political masters. Instead, they continued on to deliver what they were told to and bulled ahead with a product that was on time and on budget over one that would actually work. The result is a financial and emotional nightmare for tens of thousands of federal civil servants who have been overpaid, underpaid or not paid at all. Ferguson's report has plenty of worthy recommendations to improve project management and oversight stemming from this mess. But it's his broader message that Justin Trudeau's Liberal government needs to act on as well. The halls of government are filled with “an obedient public service that fears mistakes and risk,” and has lost its ability to “convey hard truths” to senior levels including political ministers, Ferguson writes. “It's easier for a deputy minister to just implement the will of the minister without question rather than provide fearless advice on the pitfalls that could arise and how to avoid them.” That's something that has developed over decades and was pushed to ever more troubling heights under Harper. He often saw the public service as an adversary; centralized power within his inner circle; insisted everyone be “on message”; and muzzled anyone who might not be, including government scientists. It amounted to a culture of fear that will take time to change.
But it's important work that must be done. The public service needs to be revived so it can, once again, confidently provide expert advice to its political bosses. While some politicians may like the idea of a public sector that does their bidding without question, bureaucrats who follow orders unthinkingly don't produce the good government Canadians deserve.
On the domestic front, all eyes are on how monsoon progresses, and the developments around implementation of the goods and services tax (GST). Photo: Mint
Mumbai:
Indian shares may see some weakness on Thursday, tracking their subdued Asian peers after the US Federal Reserve hiked interest rates on Wednesday as widely expected.
The US central bank lifted the benchmark lending rate by a quarter percentage point, its second quarter-point hike this year, and said it would begin cutting its huge holdings of bonds and securities this year.
Dollar rose following the announcement, while stocks reeled under pressure worldwide, as risk was seen coming off the table.
“Fed hiked rates by quarter percentage which was on expected lines. However, the target of reducing the balance sheet size, also came along, which implies the dollar will strengthen from here,” said Vaibhav Sanghavi, co-chief executive officer of Avendus Capital Public Markets Alternative Strategies LLP
“This impacts non-dollar denominated assets such as commodities and emerging market currencies and equities. Indian shares see a downtick to begin with on Thursday,” added Sanghavi.
“I think the announcement is very much on expected lines. The balance sheet reduction was also expected. There might be temporary reaction in the Indian and other emerging markets, but that will be shrugged off soon by investors,” said Vikas Khemani, CEO of Edelweiss Securities Ltd
“We need to keep an eye on how (US) inflation pans out, to see the next course of action by Fed,” added Khemani
Adding to the woes was a slide in crude oil prices, triggered by a build-up in gasoline stocks. US oil futures slid 3.5% in Wednesday trade in the US.
On the domestic front, all eyes are on how monsoon progresses, and the developments around implementation of the goods and services tax (GST). The implementation of tax is likely to disrupt economic growth in the near term, as businesses adjust to the biggest tax reform in the country since Independence.
Reuters contributed to the story.
Staff Reporter
Lahore
The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) has granted approval for the merger/amalgamation of NIB Bank Limited with and into MCB Bank Limited. SBP, through its order dated 13th June 2017, has sanctioned the Scheme of Amalgamation of NIB Bank with and into MCB Bank in terms of sub-section (4) of Section 48 of the Banking Companies Ordinance, 1962. This approval is subject to the compliance of the provisions of the applicable laws by both the Banks. The Scheme of Amalgamation will become effective within thirty (30) days from the SBP sanction on a date to be notified by the two Banks to SBP (the “Effective Date”).
On the Effective Date, all properties, assets, liabilities, rights and obligations of NIB Bank will stand amalgamated and vest permanently in MCB Bank and, as a consequence, NIB Bank shall be amalgamated with and into MCB Bank. NIB Bank shall cease to exist on the Effective Date. Both Banks will now start work towards technical migration of client data.
The merger/amalgamation of the two Banks will take place through a share swap arrangement whereby one share of MCB Bank will be issued for every 140.043 shares of NIB Bank. The dissenting shareholders of NIB Bank shall be entitled to receive the value of their shares at the rate of Rs. 1.70 per NIB share.
The merger/amalgamation of the two Banks also received the approval of the Competition Commission of Pakistan on 2nd June 2017 and other requisite corporate and regulatory authorizations and consents in this regard.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Scarlett Moffatt caused a stir as she shared a picture of her very racy date night outfit - but eagle-eyed fans were more intrigued by a revealing glimpse inside her bedroom.
Dressed in a low cut black top and curve-hugging mini skirt, Scarlett, 27, posed up a storm in front of her bedroom mirror, while inadvertently revealing she has a sweet homage to TV co-star Ant McPartlin, 42, on her bedside table.
The photograph sitting on top of her glass bedside table shows the smiling pair behind the scenes of Saturday Night Takeaway.
Users of the social media site immediately began to comment on the cosy snap, which comes just days after the Geordie TV star denied a relationship between them.
(Image: Instagram/Scarlett Moffatt)
(Image: antanddecofficial/Instagram)
"Look a picture of Scarlett and Ant in the background!" one observant fan commented.
However, Scarlett was quick to pick up on the response and tell fans Dec is in the photograph too.
"Ant and Dec and me dressed as Mary Poppins," she fired.
The former I'm A Celebrity winner split from on-off boyfriend Luke Crodden in October last year.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
After newly single Ant was seen celebrating winning three gongs at the National Television Awards alongside the former Gogglebox star , some fans speculated the friends appeared very close.
Fans even took to social media to predict that the "beautiful couple" would get together soon.
"Is it just me or does Scarlett Moffat look like a young Lisa Armstrong? Seems friendly with Ant. Watch this space!" tweeted one.
However, Ant's rep furiously denied the claims to the Mail.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
At the start of January Ant announced his 11 year marriage to Lisa Armstrong was over.
However, despite their looming divorce make-up artist Lisa has appeared to pop her engagement and wedding rings back on.
Lisa flashed the two bands as she arrived at Britain's Got Talent filming in London after being ringless since Christmas eve.
It isn't clear if the diamond is the exact ring her husband of eleven years proposed with but the white gold wedding band signals Lisa, 42, hasn't recently got engaged.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
Although she is yet to directly comment on the end of her 11 year marriage to the'm A Celebrity star, Lisa has been revealing some subtle hints about their severed partnership via her social media accounts.
They Strictly Come Dancing make-up artist recently 'liked' a tweet that claimed she was part responsible for making her husband the success he is today.
"Easy to think you don't want UNTIL you don't have... Never be another you," the post continued.
Looking stunning in cat eye sunglasses with her trusty make-up bag on her shoulder, Lisa kept a stern face as she arrived at the auditions.
A CELEBRATION of Newbury's waterside history will make a splash this weekend.
Newbury Canoe Club will be marking 50 years of the Waterside Series of canoe races, which attracts more than 500 paddlers across the world each race.
The attire and gear may have switched from the homemade craft and knitwear to high-tech carbon kevlar boats and specialist clothing, but club members say that the challenge is no less.
The series began after the Second World War when a group of canal enthusiasts formed to re-open and develop the Kennet and Avon Canal.
The group set about generating interest in the canal and a few of them started canoeing in the 1940s and 50s, when more people took to the water in canvas and homemade canoes.
By the end of the decade, canoeing in Newbury had become a formalised activity.
The Kennet Valley Canoe Club was formed in 1958 by the amalgamation of members of the Kennet and Avon Association and the regular Newbury paddlers.
Key members included Tim Davis, Chris House, Pat Kirkwood and Melvin Brown, and a partnership with Denison Barracks at Hermitage was also struck.
In the 60s, Mr Davis and Mr House were successful in long-distance canoe racing, including the annual Devizes to Westminster Canoe Race.
However, they were keen to improve race times and wanted Newbury to play a key part in the development of long-distance canoeists.
Forming a partnership with the youth leader of the newly-built Waterside Centre, Keith Treacher, who was keen to get young people involved in physical activity, Mr Davis and members of the parachute regiment put together a programme to offer four standalone training races of increasing distances.
In 1968, the Waterside Series of canoe races was born, with the first race being held from Great Bedwyn to Newbury.
Newbury Canoe Club will celebrate the 50th anniversary of the races on Sunday, February 4.
It will also be opening its new clubhouse next to the A339 bridge over the canal later this year.
Club member David Seward said: “The races have never been more popular and thanks to those who kept the canal open, we can all enjoy the spectacle of canoeing on one of our most precious local assets, looking forward to many more years, knowing that the canal is now in good hands with the Canal and River Trust.
“The family of paddlers who make up the Waterside Series over the past 50 years have been committed to ensuring the event is an inspiration for all our long-distance paddlers from the best in the world, to the up and coming.”
Races will be held on February 18, March 4 and March 18.
LCH, the clearing house majority-owned by the London Stock Exchange, enjoyed a "record" first half despite the UK's impending departure from the European Union threatening its dominance in the market for euro-denominated derivatives.
LCH cleared interest-rate swaps with a notional value of more than $575.8tn in the six months to June 30, an LCH spokeswoman said — a 23% increase year-on-year.
Swaps...
Published:
The National Leader of the Progressives Congress, Senator Bola Tinubu, former governor of Edo State, Mr. Adams Oshiomhole, and Lagos based lawyer, Mr . Femi Falana, SAN, have chided former President Olusegun Obasanjo over his recent statement where he advised President Muhammadu Buhari not to seek re - election in 2019.
Tinubu, who said Obasanjo was playing politics with the special statement he wrote to the President, explained that if the former President meant well, he would have met with the President to talk about the issues he raised in the letter. Tinubu spoke in an interview with journalists when he visited Governor Rochas Okorocha in company with the pioneer National Chairman of APC, Chief Bisi Akande, at the Government House in Owerri, on Friday. He said he was in Owerri to see the governor, Rochas Okorocha, who he described as his good friend and to pay his respect to the late Chief Alex Ekwueme.
He said, "I believe that would have been the conversation between retired military heads of state. They have access to each other either through the Council of State or any other means; he could see the current President privately. "They both had the same background. He Obasanjo was also his senior in the army. I think Obasanjo was playing politics with the public letter. That is all I see. They also met at the African Union meeting too. He has a way of discussing with the President any time he wants.”
On the coalition championed by the former President, Tinubu said it was not yet time to speak on the matter. Meanwhile, Oshiomhole said Obasanjo was not in the right position to give such advice because he was not a known adviser to Buhari. Speaking with State House correspondents shortly after meeting with the President behind closed doors at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on Friday , Oshiomhole said, "I'm not sure when I see the list of the President's advisers that President Obasanjo is one of the advisers.
"I also recall with respect that the day President Obasanjo was inaugurating some of his advisers, he did say that anybody who is his adviser can advise him, he will make his own decisions. I think that principle still stands. "He said it was important for Buhari to know he had men and women who had huge confidence in his leadership ability, especially during trying times. He said, "Nigeria was below ground level and from what you guys report that I read, we have always had challenges but never in terms of this scale and magnitude.
"What President Buhari inherited is difficult to describe. I have said so before that when you meet such a situation, your first task is to halt the drift. When you halt the drift, then you stabilise before you begin to go. There is no miracle about it. "I don't think that anybody who understands the challenge of nation building, of national economic management and so on will expect that in two years you can fix in a sustainable manner all of the things that have been destroyed over 16 years before this party came into office. Yes, there are challenges; there are a couple of things we need to begin to do and reinforce but there is no question that a lot has begun and a lot is being done."
Share This
Parents are being urged to take their child to a GP if they suspect scarlet fever, after cases rose in some areas of England.
From September to the end of January, more cases have been reported in the West Midlands compared with the same period last year (369 compared with 309), London (386 compared with 336) and the North West (546 compared with 500).
Public Health England (PHE) urged parents to be vigilant, but said other regions of England are experiencing the same or lower levels of scarlet fever than last year.
Scarlet fever is a bacterial illness that mainly affects children and is distinctive due to its pink-red rash.
It is highly contagious and should be treated with antibiotics.
A PHE spokeswoman said: “It's not uncommon to see more cases of scarlet fever during winter and spring. “Although we have seen a small increase in cases this year, scarlet fever is usually a mild illness that can be treated with antibiotics to reduce the risk of further complications and to minimise the risk of its spread to others.
“Scarlet fever's symptoms include a sore throat, headache and fever with a characteristic sandpapery, fine, pinkish or red rash.
“Parents should pay particular attention and if you or your child develops any of these symptoms you should contact your GP for assessment.
“Children or adults diagnosed with scarlet fever are advised to stay at home until at least 24 hours after the start of antibiotic treatment to avoid spreading the infection to others.”
Since September, 3,325 cases of scarlet fever have been reported across England. Between 300 and 400 cases of scarlet fever are being reported every week.
The highest levels are usually seen in March and April. Over the past two years, the total number of cases reported by the end of April has been on the rise.
Scarlet fever usually occurs in children, mostly between the ages of two and eight. Nurseries and schools are told to try and curb the spread of the bug through encouraging youngsters and staff to wash their hands.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Woods House, one of the last remaining Quakertown houses, was moved to the Denton County Historical Park on Feb. 15.
“It seemed appropriate that we could put it there and we could look at interpreting the house as the Woods family lived in it,” said Peggy Riddle, director of the Denton County Office of History and Culture.
The house was on land purchased by Habitat for Humanity. After evaluating the house, the organization decided it could not renovate it for a family.
The house was originally offered to the city of Denton, but the city was not capable of doing restoration on historic homes. Denton County accepted the offer, and the house was added to Historical Park, which is home to the Bayless-Shelby house, the Quakertown House and the Taylor Cabin.
Another Quakertown house was moved to Historical Park in 2004 and serves as the Denton County African-American museum.
It is not yet decided what the museum plans to do with the Woods House.
“It will be a good structure to [portray] the interpretation of Quakertown,” Riddle said.
William Evelyn Woods purchased the house in Quakertown for $600 during the first World War. He rented out the house while maintaining a cotton farm in Argyle.
Ethel Woods Gray, one of his daughters, lived at the house. She and Vora Woods Crutchfield are the surviving two of 10 siblings.
“I'm really excited, and I'm very happy that it is going to be preserved,” Gray said.
Gray was born in the house and remembers growing up there. She discussed living on a plot of land and playing in the field.
“Overall, it was enjoyable living there and people were very nice,” Gray said. “We had really nice neighbors that looked after one another.”
Crutchfield was born and raised in the house. She said she thinks it should be preserved but is saddened to see it moved.
“I feel a little sad to see it moved from the location I grew up,” Crutchfield said. “I just thought it would always be there.”
Over 50 African-Americans were forced to move from Quakertown, an African-American town, when the city of Denton voted to build a park on the land in 1921 for racially motivated reasons.
Quakertown was located between the College of Industrial Arts, which is now Texas Woman's University, and the Denton Square. Civic groups started a petition to build a city park at Quakertown in the 1920s.
The petition went to city council with 150 signatures and was passed with a 367-240 vote. Many Quakertown homes moved to the Solomon Hills area while some residents left Denton.
The Woods' house moved to 1015 Hill St. where it remained until Feb. 15, when it was moved to Historical Park.
“I know my dad would have been proud to see the home will be restored and given the honor that it should have,” Crutchfield said.
Featured Image: The Woods' House was moved to the Denton County Historical Park. It is one of the last remaining Quakertown house in Denton. Jacob Ostermann
Panther fans came into this offseason anxiously waiting for the team to add some more help at wide receiver. Be careful what you wish for.
Apparently trading a 23-year old cornerback for a 29-year old receiver with a history of drop problems wasn't enough, so the Panthers went looked to free agency and took another cast-off from the Vikings.
Earlier today, it was reported that Carolina is expected to sign former Minnesota wide receiver Jarius Wright.
Like the Torrey Smith trade, on some levels this makes sense.
The Panthers needed a reliable slot guy, they needed more speed and they needed someone who understands Norv Turner's system. In Wright, they got all of those things and yet this news can easily be dismissed with a “meh.”
Some analysts are talking up Wright's speed because he ran a 4.42 second 40-yard dash at the Combine six years ago. Others are pointing to his production on third down – another longstanding problem for the Panthers offense.
While it's not an intrinsically bad signing, we can't help but feel Wright is not the answer to these issues. He's never caught more than three touchdowns in a single season and aside from a shortened 2016 campaign his career catch rate isn't that impressive.
Then again, Wright has never played with a quarterback the quality of Cam Newton. From Case Keenum to Sam Bradford to Teddy Bridgewater to Matt Cassel, he's never been paired with a talent like Carolina has now.
It's possible Wright will break out and prove to be a difference-maker from the slot on third downs. It's possible Wright will far exceed the value of his contract (Ian Rapoport says the first year tops out at $3.5 million). It's also possible the Panthers will hit a home run with every pick in the draft and go 16-0 during the regular season. It's just not likely to happen.
To be fair, general manager Marty Hurney is doing the best he can in a bad situation. The wide receiver corps he inherited was awful and Dave Gettleman's ill-advised 2017 spending spree made it extraordinarily difficult to upgrade it in any meaningful way until next year when several older players retire. It also doesn't help that this year's receiver class is not drawing many positive reviews.
Still, it's tough not to imagine who the Panthers could have gotten if they'd never traded for Smith in the first place and set their sights a little higher than a Cotchery clone.
Much like the decision to bring Turner in to replace Mike Shula as offensive coordinator, this is a change in name only – a lateral move that gives the appearance of progress without actually improving the team.
Nawaz-Zardari need no reconciliation as both are already on same page
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
Office- bearers and senior lawyers of various bar association including Presidents and General Secretaries of five district bars of South Punjab called on Pakistan Muslim League (PML) President and former Prime Minister Ch Shujaat Hussain and senior central leader and former Deputy Prime Minister Ch Parvez Elahi at their residence on Sunday and announced to join Pakistan Muslim League (PML).
Talking to the media on this occasion and replying to a question regarding future electoral alliance of the political parties, Ch Shujaat Hussain said that time is approaching and it will come when other parties' and people will enter into alliance with us. He said that year 2017 is very important for Pakistan, the country is faced with internal and external difficulties, pray to Almighty Allah to shower His blessings on Pakistan.
He said judiciary should not be dragged in politics; it takes decisions according to its conscious and should do that.
Responding to a question, he said that he has not heard about judicial martial law nor there is possibility of that, opposition grand alliance will materialize only in case when all parties are agreed on one point agenda, in the next elections PML will put up its candidates everywhere and other parties will seek our cooperation.
Ch Parvez Elahi said that in 2008 our popularity and voters were more than N-League and People Party, General Kayani conspired gave our members to Nawaz Sharif, in 2013 Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry also did that, even them magic wand was put into action against us, whereas ‘kheer' was eaten by Nawaz Sharif which he is now unable to digest.
Replying to a question, he said if Supreme Court convicts Nawaz Sharif peace will not be disturbed at all. He said process of reorganization of the party is practically in progress, after Sindh Ch Shujaat Hussain will now visit Balochistan and he himself is starting visiting all districts of Punjab, reorganization work will be completed in four months, we have done planning for competing with other parties.
He said that ‘lawa' of hatred is gathering in the people for last nine years and it is now coming out, what we had done for the people in five years N-League or no other party can compete with that, people are remembering us and our works.
Ch Parvez Elahi said there is fraud in every work of N-League, local bodies elections were held on the order of the Supreme Court but it was delayed by one year, despite majority in the local bodies Shehbaz Sharif has restored 150 years old Britons local bodies system because he is not ready to given power of a peon to anyone as such he will also not give powers to the local bodies representatives, all powers including budget have been given to DCs, ministers also do not have any power, despite Kissan Package the farmers, the ministers and like them local bodies representatives are also running around, funds of local bodies, health and education are being wasted on dollar making train and show-off projects, blood of the people is being squeezed.
Those who joined ‘the party District Bar Bahawalnagar President Ch Zulfiqar Ahmad Bajwa, General Secretary Masood alias Wattoo, Finance Secretary Ejaz Amin Baloch, Fort Abbas Bar President Muhammad Parvez Bajwah and General Secretary Shahid Hussain Ghullu, General Secretary Shujabad bar Malik Kashif Wattoo, Ahmad Naseem Qureshi, Altaf Hussain, Fazal Akbar Sahotra, General Secretary Haroonabad bar Iftikhar Warraich, Ahsan Qureshi, Shahid Hassan, Ahmad Naeem Qureshi, Mohammad Irfan Qureshi, Rashed Muhammad Warraich, Rafaqat Ali, Shahid Bashir Cheema, Sajid Mahmood Warraich Warraich, Ch Khalid Javed, Nasir Ramzan, and Muslim League Glasgow leader Shabbir Shah were also present during the press conference.
INP adds: Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain said that there is no need for reconciliation between Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and former President Asif Ali Zardari as both are already on the same page.
In the current era, wireless technology is something that is mandatory. The same is used to keep devices connected and share data and information between them.
Wireless communication is preferred a lot and has replaced wired connections over the years as it is possible to share data even in long range, a faster rate and in a secure way. Wireless communication is possible via technologies such as Bluetooth, NFC, Wi-Fi and Li-Fi, of which the last one is yet to become mainstream. The technology is chosen based on the purpose. The range plays an important role in choosing a specific wireless technology.
Also read: 10 things they did for the first time on the Internet
It is common for users to make use of Bluetooth and Wi-Fi to communication with others and share data between devices. NFC is also used to some extent. But, Li-Fi is one of the latest technologies and is yet to become common. Here, you will get to know more details about the different wireless technologies and their major differences.
Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!
Bluetooth Bluetooth is basically used when it is necessary to communicate within a short range. It was intended to replace the wired connection. It makes use of short range radio links and operates on FHSS (Frequency Hopping Spread Spectrum) to avoid inference. Bluetooth signals operate at 2.4GHz. Bluetooth LE is a recent technology that is aimed at enabling power sensitive devices to connect permanently to the internet. Infrared Infrared is a wireless technology that lets devices communicate with each other using short range wireless signals. With Infrared, the devices can transfer data in a bidirectional way. Infrared networks were basically designed to support only two-way connections on a temporary basis when needed. The frequency of infrared is just below red light. It assures a physically secure data transfer, very low bit error rate, and Line of Sight (LOS) wireless communication. Also read: How to Control TV and Other Devices With an Android Smartphone NFC (Near Field Communication) NFC is a standard in many smartphones and other devices. It aims at establishing radio communication between devices by bringing them close to each other or by just touching them. NFC facilitates in contactless transactions and data exchange. NFC builds upon RFID (Radio frequency indemnification) systems by letting two-way communication between the end points. NFC devices can read unpowered NFC tags. These tags can store data such as loyalty program data, debit and credit card details, PINs, etc. Also read: NFC hacks that you should know Wi-Fi (Wireless Fidelity) Wi-Fi networks are used commonly and these connect every possible device together. Wi-Fi has been developed to facilitate wireless local area networking in the 2.4GHz or 5.2GHZ bands. There are issues related to security threat in Wi-Fi, but the same can be prevented using the several security measures that are available. The common security methods include WEP, WPA and WPA2. One similarity between Bluetooth and Wi-Fi technologies is that both share a section of the 2.4GHz spectrum. This will pave way for some level of interference. Li-Fi (Light Fidelity) Li-Fi is a high speed, bidirectional and fully networked wireless communication network like Wi-Fi. Both Wi-Fi and Li-Fi work towards facilitating easy transfer of data. However, Li-Fi that transmits data via light is said to be 100 times faster than Wi-Fi as it can reach a speed of 224 Gbps. Li-Fi uses infrared or near ultraviolet spectrum to transmit information. The biggest advantage of this technology is that the light ways cannot pass through walls, so there is a stronger range resulting in high security from hacking and high-speed connectivity. Also read: Now Download Your Files at 224GB Per Second Using Li-Fi Technology Verdict Of these wireless technologies that are detailed above, the latest Li-Fi technology is the best one. It is yet to become mainstream and practically implemented for us to understand its advantages and disadvantages. But it is clear that it is much faster, cheaper, and more secure than Wi-Fi that we use widely. Moreover, Li-Fi is free from electromagnetic interference too. However, this one incurs high installation cost and has a low reliability than the other technologies. With the advancement of Wi-Fi, we already don't use Bluetooth to a great extent. Eventually, the latest technologies will be used widely in the years to come.
The Pigeon Detectives definitely aren't doing it for the money. “It won't be the best-paid gig of the year,” says lead singer Matt Bowman. “But it might turn out to be one of the most memorable.” The Leeds band, whose debut album Wait For Me sold half a million copies, are part of an eclectic line-up in Hull City of Culture's Back to Ours programme.
“When we are asked to play anywhere it goes through our agent, but when they came to us and said: ‘How do you fancy doing three gigs in Hull, one in a shopping centre, one in a school and one in a community centre?' there was something which made us go: ‘Oh, go one then, why not?'
The Back to Our strand features an eclectic range of performers from poltical stand up to drag and puppetry.
“I've got a lot of time for Hull. My mum makes me take her to The Deep at least three times a year and I know that there are a lot more good things going for the city than bad. This next 12 months has the potential to do great things for the place and so to be part of that is a really nice position for us to be in.”
While Hull's Ferens Art Gallery will host this year's Turner Prize and Opera North has plans to turn the Humber Bridge into one giant musical instrument, the Back to Ours strand was launched to take the City of Culture programme out into the suburbs.
The idea is that every act will play three different locations on consecutive days and over the seven day-run it is hoped that momentum will build as word of mouth spreads.
“I remember when we were starting out we played in a taxi, we played in an elevator,” adds Bowman. “To be honest, we would have played at the opening of a door if anyone asked us to. I remember one night when there was a power cut in the middle of the gig. We all went outside and it looked unlikely that we were going to get back on stage so we got on top of the bus and played an acoustic set. It's at times like that when memories are made.”
The Back to Ours programme is the long-held vision of Louise Yates and it's also proof of the difference that the UK City of Culture tag can make. The arts development officer knew the kind of acts she wanted to bring to Hull and had numerous venues in mind, but funding from the Arts Council England's strategic touring fund became available only on the back of the wider programme of events.
“It was something that we first began looking at a few years ago, so to see it finally become a reality is really exciting,” she says. “This isn't an easy thing to stage, but I honestly believe that long term it could have a huge impact because the whole idea is to show people that you don't have to go to a theatre to see art and you don't have to pay big money to see high quality acts.”
Ticket prices start from as little as £2.50 and go up to a maximum of £7.50 in the hope of persuading people to take a chance on acts they might otherwise not see. Alongside the Pigeon Detectives, political stand-up Mark Thomas will be bringing his new show inspired by Wakefield's Red Shed Labour Club, drag king Lucy Jane Parkinson will be making an appearance and there will also be a puppet show which takes a satirical look at the recent changes to Disability Living Allowance.
“We have chosen eight locations in the north, east and west of the city and we have been working really hard with some of the people who live there so that they can be our ambassadors and spread the word,” adds Yates. “They also had an input in the type of acts we booked and we spent an awfully long time deciding the programme because we know how important it is that we get this right. When you get an event like City of Culture there are always going to be accusations that too much of it is focused on existing, popular venues and this is our way of taking art right to people's doorsteps.
“Meet Fred is a great example of the work we want to bring to Hull. Created by Hijinx Theatre, Fred is a puppet who just wants a normal life, to meet a girl and settle down. However, when he is threatened with losing his Puppetry Living Allowance his life begins to spiral out of control. The cast always includes performers with learning disabilities and, given the political climate of austerity that we are living in at the moment, it should be a really timely piece.”
Meet Fred, which the programme points out features swearing and puppet nudity, is suitable for over-14s only, although with the festival running through the February half term much of it has been designed to be family friendly.
“Throughout that first event we will also be turning the various venues into pop-up cinemas and we will be showing three classic Roald Dahl films,” adds Yates. “I hope there will be something quite magical about seeing Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, Matilda and Fantastic Mr Fox on the big screen and we also hope it will give families a taster of what we are trying to achieve.
“Performing in the middle of a shopping centre or on the stage of a school will be very different for all of the acts, but everyone we have approached seems really game.
“Our hope is that if we can pull these three mini festivals off this year then we will have a workable blueprint so Back to Ours becomes an annual event.”
The Pigeon Detectives will be using their Hull gigs to launch their new album, Broken Glances, in advance of the general release on February 24.
“It is terrifying playing a shopping centre. There are no dressing rooms, nowhere to stamp our feet when the rider isn't right, but I am guessing we will survive.
“When we decided to do the fifth album we knew we didn't want it to sound like what we had done before. We basically went back into the recording studio and when we came out we had undone all the good work of the last 10 years.
“I played the album to my wife and she didn't recognise it as us. I played it to my dad and he was gobsmacked. It is deliberately uncomfortable to listen to, but if that's what you're after we'll see you in Hull and we promise we will play a few old tunes as well.”
Back to Ours will run from February 22 to 25 and then again at the May and October half terms. For full details go to hull2017.co.uk/backtoours.
PENTICTON, B.C.—Mary-Anne Arsenault is two wins away from her sixth Scotties Tournament of Hearts title.
The Nova Scotia skip led her team into the semifinal at the Canadian women's curling championship by defeating Northern Ontario's Tracy Fleury 6-2 on Saturday.
Arsenault will play the loser of Saturday night's Page 1-2 playoff between Kerri Einarson's wild-card team and Manitoba's Jennifer Jones. The semifinal is set for Sunday afternoon.
The winner of the Page 1-2 playoff goes directly into Sunday night's final.
“It was so nice to put a really good game together. I'm so proud of my girls,” Arsenault said. “Any time we got into a bit of trouble then Jen and Christina (second Jennifer Baxter and third Christina Black) would get us back out of trouble so it was awesome.”
Traffic on the York St. off ramp last week just days before the Gardiner Expressway exit was closed for demolition. Bernard Weil / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
The closure of a busy downtown Gardiner Expressway ramp caused back-ups on the first day of permanent closure Monday. But things could be worse Tuesday when traffic levels return to normal volumes. And the congestion will last until a new Lower Simcoe ramp is completed in January but city staff say the closure of the York/Bay/Yonge streets spiral ramp — which carried 10,000 cars during rush hour — will be worth the wait. However, that hasn't stopped readers from asking questions about the project including if it is really necessary and what is being done to make sure it is completed on time. The Star looks at the construction plans and contingencies: Is the ramp closed for good? Yes. The city has decided to demolish what has become known as the “Hot Wheels” exit ramp and replace it with a new wider ramp to Harbour St. at Lower Simcoe St. Harbour St. will also be widened from three to four lanes between Lower Simcoe and Bay Sts. and the land under the old spiral ramp will be redesigned as an improved park space. Why replace it at all?
Article Continued Below
Like much of the Gardiner, the ramp, which is more than 50 years old, was reaching the end of its service life. Even if the city decided to keep the spiral ramp up, it “would have been closed to undertake the required rehabilitation,” Frank Clarizio, director of design and construction for the Gardiner rehabilitation, explained in an email Monday. When the city reviewed the ramp in 2013, an environmental assessment recommended a new ramp to improve traffic flow, access to the waterfront, pedestrian and cyclist safety and free up park space. The new Lower Simcoe ramp will also be the first time the city integrates a de-icing system into a roadway. How much does the ramp work cost?
The contract, awarded to Grascan Construction Ltd. in June after a call for bids, totals $30.4 million. Grascan was the only bidder, according to a staff report. Other potential bidders, who had picked up tender packages and were contacted by city staff, said they lacked the resources to respond to the call for bids in time. Will construction be happening 24/7 to speed up completion? Work will mostly be limited to the period between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. The main reason, Clarizio explained is to limit the impact of noise on nearby condo residents. On Monday, Mayor John Tory told reporters noisy demolition work required the city to plan accordingly. “We're going to be working at some times through the night, 24 hours a day, but of course there are other times like the jack hammering that will be part of the first phase of this when I suspect my life would be in jeopardy if we were jack hammering 24 hours a day,” he said. “We'll be working 24 hours when it is possible for us to do so, so we can get this done as quickly as possible. I've certainly made it clear I want this done as quickly as it can possibly can be done.” What happens if the construction takes longer than scheduled? The contract allows the city to apply financial penalties for each day the contractor exceeds scheduled completion. The contract specifically, sets out that the new Lower Simcoe ramp and four lanes of Harbour St. between Lower Simcoe and Bay Sts. must be open to car traffic no later than 164 calendar days after the old ramp closure. So, how do I get off the Gardiner downtown during construction? Drivers can still exit using the Jameson Ave., Spadina Ave. or Jarvis St. ramps. During demolition — between now and May 31 — the on ramp at Rees St. will also be closed between Monday and Saturday from 9:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m., which staff hope will limit the overnight demolition work required. Harbour St. between Lower Simcoe and Bay St. will be reduced to two eastbound lanes and intermittently reduced to one lane between May 1 and June 15. The multi-use trail from Rees St. to Lower Simcoe St. will be closed during the project. Cyclists are being directed to the Martin Goodman Trail on Queens Quay. GO Transit has also adjusted its bus schedules to reflect increased travel times. With files from Emma McIntosh
Read more about:
VANCOUVER—Former B.C. premier Christy Clark has taken a job with the Canadian law firm Bennett Jones and will work as an advisor in the firm's governmental affairs and public policy team. Clark is not a lawyer but has been hired for “her vision on driving growth through trade,” according to the firm's CEO, Hugh MacKinnon.
Former British Columbia premier Christy Clark gives a statement outside Government House after meeting with Lt-Gov. Judith Guichon after her Liberal minority government was defeated on a confidence vote in Victoria, B.C., on Thursday, June 29, 2017. ( DARRYL DYCK / The Canadian Press )
“Vancouver is a thriving market and a strategic focus for Bennett Jones,” MacKinnon stated in a press release. The firm says it is “well equipped to advise foreign businesses and investors with Canadian ventures, and connect Canadian businesses and investors with opportunities around the world.” As premier from 2011 to 2016, Clark pushed to build a new liquified natural gas industry in B.C. and attempted to strengthen trade ties with Asia. She said she will continue to work on those files at Bennett Jones.
Article Continued Below
Clark resigned after the fall of her government following the May 2017 provincial election. Her business-focused B.C. Liberal party had governed for 16 years, but they failed to win a firm majority and were toppled by the B.C. NDP supported by the Green Party. Clark joins a host of other former politicians who now work at Bennett Jones, including former deputy prime minister Anne McLellan, former federal cabinet minister John Baird, and former Bank of Canada governor David Dodge. Jen St. Denis is a Vancouver-based reporter covering affordability and city hall. Follow her on Twitter: @jenstden
Read more about:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
At 8am Ruth Ellis ate her final breakfast of scrambled egg.
But even on that last day she wasn't allowed the dignity of eating with proper cutlery or plates for fear she might use the crockery as a weapon.
The breakfast tray was taken away and then the deputy governor came in with the chaplain and they sat at each end of a table.
At Ellis' back was a green screen running the width of the prison cell behind which was a door.
Ellis, who had been sentenced to die for shooting her lover, removed her blue diamanté glasses – worn because she was short-sighted - and passed them to the deputy governor. She told him coolly: “I won't need these any more. Thank you."
Behind her a door opened, then more footsteps and another door opened and then the cell door opened the screen drew back.
(Image: Mirrorpix)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Ruth Ellis was last woman in Britain to be hanged - but did she have an accomplice and was the lover she killed beating her up?
At the sound Ellis jumped out of her chair knocking it over but stood there now was executioner Albert Pierrepoint – the calm voice of experience.
He said to her, “It's all right, lass. It's all right.”
Picking up the chair he told her to sit down again, adding: “Put your arms behind the chair'."
He then flicked his hand and a rope snaked onto her wrist and within seconds she was tied with her hands behind her back.
Swiftly he walked her the dozen or so steps to the gallows and there was no time for final words.
Earlier – as was always the case – Pierrepoint had used his subject's weight, height, gender, and build, a precise mathematical formula and his own immense experience, to set the drop at 8 feet, 2 inches.
With Ellis carefully positioned on the exact centre of the the trapdoor, she was hooded and a noose placed around her neck while assistant executioner Royston Rickard crouched behind her and strapped her legs together.
As both men cleared the trapdoors Pierrepoint pushed the lever. Ruth Ellis was dead.
It had taken just 12 seconds and illustrated perfectly why Pierrepoint was so highly regard as a hangman that when he resigned a year later the Home Secretary wrote to him asking him to reconsider.
(Image: The People)
(Image: Mirrorpix)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Between 1934 and 1956, he executed more than 400 men and women, among them Ellis, the last woman to be hanged in Britain, Gordon Cummins, the "Blackout Ripper", John George Haigh, the acid bath murderer.
He also dispatched Derek Bentley for his part in the “let him have it” murder of a policeman, Bruno Tesch, co-inventor of the insecticide Zyklon B used in the Holocaust and Lord Haw-Haw – real name William Joyce who was the voice of the “German Calling” propaganda broadcasts during the Second World War.
Pierrepoint also put to death Timothy Evans, wrongly convicted of murdering his daughter, and subsequently Rillington Place monster John Christie, the real killer.
He hanged large numbers of Nazi war criminals convicted at the Nuremberg trials, including Josef Kramer, the Beast of Belsen.
(Image: Press Association)
(Image: Press Association)
Today more than 50 years since the last executions in the UK it is hard to imagine someone requesting a job as a hangman but for Pierrepoint it was perhaps no different to following in a family profession such as plumber.
His own father Henry and uncle Thomas were both executioners and as he explained later in his autobiography he set his mind to following them at a young age.
As an 11-year-old he wrote, in response to a school "When I grow up ..." writing exercise, "When I leave school I should like to be the Official Executioner".
He often spent summer holidays with his uncle and aunt Lizzie and when Tom was away on business, his aunt would allow the boy to read the diary Tom kept of his executions.
(Image: mirrorpix)
(Image: Unknown)
The nature of the unique job meant the work was not regular – or indeed particularly well paid – and he worked as a delivery driver.
Pierrepoint persevered though and when he was 27 the Yorkshireman was added to the list of official executioners but it was a while until he got to the set noose.
It was 1941 when he performed his first execution as principal hangman - that of a gangland murderer and nightclub owner Antonio "Babe" Mancini who apparently said "Cheerio!" before the trapdoor was sprung at Pentonville Prison.
From then on the work was steady and he gained a reputation for efficient despatch of the condemned.
It was not just a case of turning up and putting a noose around a person's head
Indeed in Pierrepoint's testimony to the Royal Commission on Capital Punishment in 1950 he spoke of how his detailed preparations involved arriving the day before the job and performing a dummy execution.
The key he said was “the drop” - a careful calculation involving the person's height, weight, strength and age so as to make their death as quick and clean as possible.
Pierrepoint was undoubtedly a first-rate hangman, once wrote: “I hanged John Reginald Christie, the Monster of Rillington Place,' he wrote, 'in less time than it took the ash to fall off a cigar I had left half-smoked in my room at Pentonville.”
After the Second World War the British government were faced with having to execute war criminals so called for Pierrepoint.
(Image: No Name)
(Image: Mirrorpix)
Appointed an honorary lieutenant-colonel for the purpose, he duly travelled to Hameln in Germany, where, on Friday December 13, 1945, he hanged 13 for guards and officers from notorious concentration camp Belsen before lunch.
It was later reported there was to be a strange sequel to these executions: every Christmas thereafter, for a number of years, Pierrepoint received a pound £5 in an envelope, with a slip of paper reading simply 'Belsen'.
Despite his increasing fame Pierrepoint hated the publicity – in fact he did not tell his wife Annie about his sideline until after they were married – she told him she already knew but was pleased he had volunteered the information.
Boosted by the additional income from the hangings following the war the Pierrepoints became publicans first near Oldham and then near Preston.
Then in 1956 Pierrepoint – probably aware of his value to the Home Office – resigned over a a disagreement about fees.
That January he had gone to Strangeways Prison, Manchester, to officiate at the execution of Thomas Bancroft, who was reprieved less than 12 hours before his scheduled execution, when Pierrepoint was already present making his preparations.
It was the first time in his career that this had happened in England and he claimed his full fee of £15 (£344 when adjusted for inflation) but the under-sheriff of Lancashire offered only £1 (£23), as the rule in England was that the executioner was paid only for executions carried out.
Pierrepoint appealed but was refused and then resigned his pride having apparently been mortally wounded.
(Image: Mirrorpix)
(Image: Hulton Archive)
However it emerged he had been in discussions with a newspaper to sell the story of his life and the last moments of many of the people he executed for a sum equivalent to £500,000 today.
He retired aged 51 to the life of a publican.
Nine years later the last executions took place in last executions in Britain took place on 13 August 1964
Gwynne Owen Evans when was hanged at 8am at Strangeways Prison by Harry Allen with his assistant Royston Rickard, while Peter Anthony Allen was hanged simultaneously at Walton Prison, Liverpool by Robert Leslie Stewart with his assistant Harry Robinson, both for the murder in a robbery of John Alan West.
It was the end of an era.
Despite his prolific career as an executioner Pierrepoint later said he did not believe he had achieved much.
When his autobiography was published in 1974, it was the first time he had made his views on capital punishment public - a decade after its abolition.
(Image: Collect)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: PA)
He rote: "If death were a deterrent, I might be expected to know. It is I who have faced them last, young men and girls, working men, grandmothers.
“I have been amazed to see the courage with which they take that walk into the unknown. It did not deter them then, and it had not deterred them when they committed what they were convicted for.
“All the men and women whom I have faced at that final moment convince me that in what I have done I have not prevented a single murder. And if death does not work to deter one person, it should not be held to deter any."
In retirement in Southport he was much in demand for people wanting to hear his stories.
In 1970 The Daily Mirror's Donald Sec wrote of having lunch with Pierrepoint: “The first thing that strikes you about Mr. Albert Pierrepoint, the celebrated ex-hangman to H M Government, is what an amiable, almost cherubic character he is.
“He smiles a lot, winks occasionally, and if you did not know that the hand you shook had pulled the lever, you might take him to be a mayor, or lead baritone in a male voice choir.
“Mr. Albert Pierrepoint who on these occasions and in these places prefers, whimsically, to be known as "Mr. Smith."
“He recalled 'I had a completely dual personality about it. I could isolate my emotions completely.
“I just accepted what I had to do. But I can tell you this," he said, "our method was the cleanest, quickest and most humane in the world.
“I always respected the condemned man, respected his dignity too."
He died in 1992, aged 87.
Severe Storms, Tornadoes, Rip Through U.S. Southeast
An outbreak of severe storms, including several tornadoes erupted in a multi-state swath from Tennessee to Florida late Monday, leaving behind downed trees, power outages and numerous damaged structures, including on the campus of Jacksonville State University.
Large hail and strong winds accompanied the storms. The Weather Channel says Jacksonville, Ala., was likely hit by two tornadoes just minutes apart.
At Jacksonville State University, Athletic Director Greg Seitz said in a tweet that "we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum" and he later added that Logan Hall and Patterson Hall on the campus also sustained roof damage and that "[numerous] trees and power lines are down."
The Coliseum is home to JSU's men's and women's basketball teams and the women's volleyball team.
"I'm very thankful JSU is on spring break this week and most students are out of town," Seitz wrote.
In Limestone County, Ala., near the border with Tennessee, the sheriff's office posted photos of damaged structures and vehicles, but said there were no reports of injuries.
The Associated Press writes that "Portions of northern Alabama and southern Tennessee were still under tornado warnings Monday night, and the National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for much of northern Georgia as the line moved eastward."
According to The Weather Channel:
Share this article:
0 votes
As noted, WWE Hall of Famer Booker T will be replacing David Otunga on RAW commentary for the next six weeks as Otunga is off filming a movie. Below is video from today's RAW with Booker talking about his return to the announcement table. He's interrupted by one of his former partners – Goldust. They joke about one last ride for “BookDust” before Booker noted that he's more serious this time.
WWE stock was up 1.73% today, closing at $21.75 per share. Today's high was $21.76 and the low was $21.45.
It appears Aiden English is working on a new project as he tweeted the following teaser today before RAW:
What's the best spot for food/drink in your town? Whether famous and popular or a hidden treasure? A project in the works…#Artaste — Aiden English (@WWEDramaKing) April 17, 2017
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.
WWE Considering Big Turn, Must See New Maryse & Noelle Foley, Triple H Ready to Push Former Star on RAW, WrestleMania 33 Main Events, WWE Star Gets Backstage Heat, New GIFs & Galleries, More
Related
Iranian forces killed three members of a Sunni Muslim jihadi group in the city of Chabahar in southeast Iran on Wednesday and arrested five others, the Mehr news agency said. It said one member of the security forces had also been killed. Mehr said the suspects were believed to be members of Ansar.... HindustanTimes 8:44:00 PM CEST
Sports Authority of India will now be Sports India: Rathore
New Delhi, Jul 4 (PTI) More than 34 years after coming into existence, the Sports Authority of India (SAI) is set to be renamed as Sports India, Union Sports Minister Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore announced today after the sports body's governing body meeting here.
"Sports Authority of India is being renamed. The word authority is being removed. It will be known as Sports India now," Rathore said after the meeting even as the press release issued by SAI had no mention of the change in name being approved.
The sports body, established in 1984, organised its 50th GB meeting, where it was also decided that coaches will be given a say in decision making and the food expenses of athletes will also be increased.
The governing body also advised SAI to bring in reputed companies in the hospitality sector to manage the residential and food facilities under the SAI Residential Scheme.
"It was emphasised that the highest quality of food and nutrition which is appropriate to the development of athletes at various levels should be ensured and there should be zero compromise on this issue," said the release.
Recently, the Indian men's hockey coach Harendra Singh had highlighted the shockingly low level of hygiene at SAI's Bengaluru centre, where the quality of food and standard of living came under the scanner.
SAI will explore options for entering into public private partnership with appropriate agencies, including global agencies to develop the stadia, utilize the extra land which is currently not being used by the athletes, so that new facilities are created for sports which are accessible to the general public.
In order to develop infrastructure of global standards at the best possible price, SAI will develop its procurement system keeping in mind the rules of the GFR, so that higher standards of infrastructure are developed and maintained.
The governing body decided that the engineering wing in SAI would be strengthened to undertake this activity.
The governing body also advised the SAI to encourage entry of professionals at various levels to manage critical activities for better accountability and efficient functioning.
The Secretariat for the Target Olympic Podium Scheme (TOPS) was also approved to provide support to the Mission Olympic Cell
(The Washington Post) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 8:34 pm |
When I worked in the U.S. Attorney's Office in Washington in the 1990s, I was part of the team pursuing the corruption prosecution of Illinois Rep. Dan Rostenkowski. Rostenkowski was chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, one of the most powerful Democrats on Capitol Hill and a key political ally in advancing President Bill Clinton's legislative agenda.
I'm pretty sure most of us on that team were Democrats or at least leaned Democrat. I know that Rostenkowski was indicted, convicted and sent to jail under the leadership of U.S. Attorney Eric Holder and Attorney General Janet Reno — both Democrats.
I can't be certain about the political views of my former fellow prosecutors because the topic simply never came up. It was completely irrelevant to our work. The Rostenkowski investigation began under a Republican administration, and when a Democratic administration was elected in 1992, we soldiered on as though nothing important had changed — because it hadn't.
I'm reminded of this experience when I hear the current attacks on Special Counsel Robert Mueller's team of prosecutors and FBI agents. Critics on the right charge that Mueller's investigation is politically biased or worse. Some of the attacks are particularly vitriolic. Sean Hannity has called Mueller a “disgrace to the American justice system” and said his investigation is “corrupt” and abusive. Newt Gingrich, who effusively praised Mueller when he was appointed, now says Mueller's probe is corrupt, dishonest and a “partisan hit.”
These types of attacks are not entirely new. Every public-corruption investigation has some political overtones, and the targets often accuse prosecutors of being engaged in a partisan “witch hunt.” Democrats were critical of independent counsel Kenneth Starr during the Whitewater investigation. But the intensity of the growing attacks on Mueller — last known to be a registered Republican — seems unprecedented.
One way they are unprecedented — for the most part, the attacks are not based on anything Mueller has actually done. His investigation and the criminal charges he has brought so far appear solid and do not suggest any partisan bias. Rather, critics have seized on issues such as an FBI official who sent anti-Trump text messages, even though the official was booted off the Mueller team this past summer once the texts were revealed. These critics also point to prosecutors who have donated to Democrats in the past or who praised former acting Attorney General Sally Yates when she refused to enforce Mr. Trump's first travel ban because she believed it was unconstitutional — a view later shared by federal courts.
Such criticisms betray a profound misunderstanding of the way professional prosecutors and FBI agents do their jobs. Prosecutors and agents are human. They are allowed to have political views, belong to political parties and support political candidates. It is not a conflict of interest if a prosecutor who belongs to one political party is involved in an investigation of a politician from another party. We've never had a system where Republicans could be investigated only by partisan Republicans or vice versa.
We live in a hypercharged environment, where almost every move is seen through a partisan political lens. Many people don't believe that a prosecutor such as Mueller could simply follow the facts and the law. But that's exactly what happens. Prosecutors and agents set aside their personal politics when they work on investigations, and it's essential that they do so. In this country, we don't use criminal prosecutions to attack political enemies. That's the stuff of despots and dictators, not the American justice system. For good prosecutors and agents, this principle is part of their DNA.
No human system is without bad actors, and law enforcement is no exception. But it's ridiculous to suggest that an FBI agent who holds strong political views or a prosecutor who has supported Democrats in the past somehow taint Mueller's entire investigation. Prosecutors deserve to have their actions scrutinized, but they should be judged on what they do as prosecutors, not on wild speculations based on their personal beliefs.
The mounting attacks on Mueller are misguided and dangerous. Those who would seek to undermine this cornerstone of our justice system based on such flimsy evidence should think twice about what they are doing. Norms and institutions are fragile things not easily restored once the public loses confidence in them. Destroying the fundamental norm under which we have operated for more than two centuries — that criminal law is not used for political purposes — will send this country to a dark place where we don't want to be.
If attacks like those being levied at Mueller's team become routine, we are effectively saying we are no better than a third-world dictatorship where people are jailed over political differences. … Politics may infect more and more of our daily lives, but it absolutely cannot be allowed to infect the criminal-justice system. Absent actual proof, we should not assume that it has.
It's easy to predict the responses this column will receive. Many will accuse me of being hopelessly naive to believe that criminal investigators can act without political motives. I can only respond that I've done it, I've seen many others do it, and it has always been the expected standard within the Justice Department. There is absolutely no sound reason to believe that Mueller and his team are doing anything less.
Eliason teaches white-collar criminal law at George Washington University Law School.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane did not swear at or insult referee Victor Gomes in Friday night's 1-0 win over Cape Town City and did not merit a sending-off for his protests‚ asserted his assistant Manqoba Mngqithi after the match.
The summary dismissal of Mosimane midway through the first half was one of several controversial incidents that highlighted an end-to-end top-of-the-table clash that Sundowns won to go seven points clear at the head of the Premier Soccer League.
“There was no reason for him to be sent off. It's a first for me where you are just complaining about your player being fouled‚ there was no swearing or anything‚ you are just putting forward a logical complaint‚ and I see my coach being sent off‚” Mngqithi said afterwards.
“I was so close to him so I can tell you I never heard any insulting words. I'm not lying‚ there is no reason for me to lie.
“Initially I thought they (the match officials) were just telling him to step back. Then when I saw him going (down the tunnel)‚ I even asked my goalkeeper-coach (Wendell Robinson)‚ ‘What's happening' because‚ honestly speaking it was a logical complaint?'
Mngqithi addressed the post-match press conference instead of Mosimane‚ prohibited from speaking to the media after receiving a red card.
“I'd be very happy if the referee is also brought to the microphone like this. I'm sure when he has seen the game again‚ and realised his mistake‚ he can say ‘sorry'.”
Mosimane will now have to sit in the stands for the next two games but Sundowns goalkeeper Denis Onyango escaped a red card after a cluttering into Thabo Nodada‚ who was left with 20 stitches in a cut thigh muscle and took no further part in the game.
Referee Gomes did reach initially for his back pocket to dismiss Onyango but then‚ after reflection‚ produced a yellow card.
He later sent City skipper Robyn Johannes off for backchat in the last minute.
It's that time of year again. The crisp, frosty mornings, the promise of autumn storms and the scent of sage in the air mean the D-19 zone General Deer hunt is here, begin ing at dawn Saturday, Oct. 7, and ending at sunset, Nov. 5.
Zone D-19 encompasses an enormous area, including portions of Riverside, San Diego and Imperial counties. Its borders are defined by county Road R-3, state Route 79, state Route 78, state Route 111 and Interstate 10. But most of the area within this zone is not available to hunt. Wildlife preservation areas, refuges, state parks, cities, towns and Indian lands are off-limits to hunters.
Most hunting takes place on private land with written permission or federal lands such as Bureau of Land Management and U.S. Forest lands. Only 1,500 “tags” are available for hunters to purchase for this zone.
The state biologists report that the mule deer herd is healthy and stable, with a slight decline from herd numbers reported in the 1960s and 70s.
“These long-term declines have been due to land management practices that have precluded fire, resulting in changes toward more mature and less diverse habitats, and to reduced quality and quantity of deer habitats. Short-term fluctuations in deer populations are usually attributed to weather events that affect forage production,” according to the California Department of Fish and Wildlife website.
Reported hunter success from the 2016 hunt was only 7.7 percent, or 113 bucks harvested. Doe tags are not issued in this hunt.
“There are some big bucks around here, but they are few and far between,” one avid hunter said.
The main hunting destinations in the Anza and Aguanga communities are Thomas Mountain, Cahuilla Mountain Wilderness Area and Beauty Mountain Wilderness Area, and hunters tend to come out in good numbers. In all these places, hunting by rifle with the correct license, tags and attention to regulations is permitted.
Gun shots may be heard during the times between dawn and dusk. Hunting at night is illegal. Hunting is not allowed in California state parks, Riverside County preservation areas or wildlife preserves. The harvesting of antlered male deer or bucks is allowed on private lands with the landowner's written permission. Reed Valley has some good deer habitat, and some landowners will give permission to hunt there.
Hunters will usually be active between dawn and about 9 or 10 a. m. and hit the trails again a couple of hours before dusk, when the animals are the most active feeding and traveling to and from bedding areas.
Other public land users should wear brightly colored clothing and stick to the trails. Many hunters are weekend warriors and may hunt intensively all day on the weekends; as such, nature enthusiasts should plan rides or hikes on the weekdays, if possible. People should make normal noises as they travel and talk normally to make their presence known. If shots are heard, people should not panic, but stay still and call out to make their position known to the hunter. Sounds travel in strange ways and bounces around, and shots fired from a good distance away can seem very close. The direction from which the sounds come may be impossible to determine. Putting bells on horses or backpacks is another way to alert hunters.
State statistics for hunting accidents involving firearms reveal that 14 incidents occurred in 2016. Of these, three were fatal. Only one of those accidents was during a deer hunt. Statistics for 2015 show seven incidents and one fatality. Most of the accidents occurred with shotguns during bird hunts.
Hunters have rights, just as other people do. It is against the law to harass hunters and wildlife. The outlined areas are open for them to pursue their sport. The money they pay for tags, taxes and licensing help manage the lands that others also enjoy.
In years past, some people posted “No Hunting” signs on the Cahuilla trail system, which is federal land and hunting is indeed allowed. Horseback riders harassing deer have been observed in this same area and that behavior is illegal.
“A person shall not willfully interfere with the participation of any individual in the lawful activity of shooting, hunting, fishing, falconry or trapping at the location where that activity is taking place,” according to California Fish and Game Code Section 2009.
Additionally, California's Mammal Hunting Regulations for 2017-2018 Section 251.1, Harassment of Animals, advised, “Except as otherwise authorized in these regulations or in the Fish and Game Code, no person shall harass, herd or drive any game or non-game bird or mammal or fur-bearing mammal … harass is defined as an intentional act which disrupts an animal's normal behavior patterns, which includes, but is not limited to, breeding, feeding or sheltering.”
Both hunters and others using public lands can coexist if they understand and respect each other.
To learn about California's deer hunting regulations, zones and more, visit www.wildlife.ca.gov/Hunting/Deer.
Hong Kong
Asian markets swung on Friday with some recovering from early losses but traders remain on edge as over a rise in US Treasury yields to four-year highs, while fresh US political turmoil is also causing unease. Equity traders around the world have been firing on all cylinders in recent months, sending markets to record or multi-year highs, on confidence in the global economy, healthy earnings and optimism over Donald Trump's tax cuts. That improvement has also led central banks to temper their crisis-era stimulus measures, which has led to a rise in bond yields, including the key US Treasury market. The price of benchmark 10-year Treasury bills is at levels not seen since April 2014, sparking fears a lift in interest rates will hit economic growth and divert money from equities.—AFP
The Tigers are bringing back a popular event that lets fans bring their dogs to a baseball game.
Bark at the Park will be on Monday, May 14, Tigers vs Indians, and Monday, Sept. 17, Tigers vs Twins, at Comerica Park.
Part of the proceeds from the event will go to the Michigan Humane Society.
There is a limited supply of tickets that go on sale Thursday, March 22 at 10 a.m.
Attendees can only bring one dog per paid adult ticket, no exceptions.
For those interested in bringing their furry friend, they must read and agree to the release and waiver on the MLB's website.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Young people in a North West village believe they can bring a positive change to their conditions by creating jobs.
Madibogo is one of the villages in Ratlou local municipality where over 2000 underage girls were reported pregnant or were young mothers last year.
At the weekend, 40 young people were trained in various fields and supplied with tools to help them open up businesses.
They will be part of a digital village - a hub that villagers can use as a one-stop for various services.
It has a telemedical centre and a solar- power generator that powers up the administration centre.
Villagers can also access the internet.
To consider the latest whirlwind of activity around the recently canceled summit meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, one could be forgiven for believing that time is still of the essence.
The summit had been scheduled for June 12 before Trump abruptly called it off last Thursday. But then, just a day later, the two sides were seen to be talking still, perhaps keeping hope alive.
And on Tuesday, the North Korean leader's right-hand man was scheduled to fly to New York for a meeting with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. As of Wednesday morning, Kim Yong Chol, a four-star general who'd have needed a travel waiver from sanctions that had been imposed by our government, was on schedule to meet with our nation's top diplomat.
Simply put, from all appearances, efforts to salvage the summit were in full swing.
Makes sense, it might seem, with the clock ticking and all.
Except for one not so little thing: on the same day that officials in Washington and Pyongyang were apparently working overtime, a key adviser to the U.S. government made public a report that called into question the preferred schedule for ridding the Korean peninsula of nuclear arms. Siegfried Hecker, a former director of the Los Alamos weapons laboratory in New Mexico and now a Stanford professor, says it could take as long as 15 years for North Korea to denuclearize completely. Yes, 15 years.
Contrast that assertion with the White House's demand that the nation rid itself of its nukes in short order. Sounds like a recipe for a failed summit, doesn't it?
Though Trump seems to enjoy the drama -- he scheduled the meeting on a whim back in March and canceled it just as quickly last week -- everyone else is likely feeling pulled hither and thither by the start-and-stop nature of the administration's doings. Which is not meant to take North Korea off the hook for its reported dithering and delays as teams from the two nations were endeavoring to work out the logistics of the summit.
The newly publicized report from Hecker, the Stanford professor, and two of his colleagues makes it clear that talk of a rapid solution to the Korean problem is mostly fantasy. Hecker, the only American citizen to have toured North Korea's facility for enriching uranium, a key component in the making of nuclear weapons, is a realist. In an interview last week, he noted: "We're talking about dozens of sites, hundreds of buildings, and thousands of people."
The long and the short of it all would seem plain: Even if North Korea agrees to dump its nukes, the schedule for such a complex project will be neither short nor sweet. If the summit meeting between the North Korean and American leaders is salvaged -- either on June 12 or sometime thereafter -- Trump, not the world's most patient man, will need to be fully aware of that going in.
Because he'll want a "win," and a high-profile one at that. And obtaining what he'd see as one might not be so easy.
I hear a lot on the home and garden TV shows about home staging, and how it helps get a better selling price. What do stagers do, and who pays for it? Home staging is a marketing tool to make a listed house more appealing to would-be buyers. Costs can vary, depending on the services provided. A minor home staging might consist of a thorough cleaning, decluttering, removing personal items, moving furniture to create more open space and a bit of painting. A more complex (and expensive) staging might include renting furniture, artwork and carpeting; buying floral decorations and new drapes; and even doing renovations such as installing granite countertops, adding more light fixtures or replacing the bathroom tiles. Staging can help show would-be buyers how great the home looks with fresh paint, new furniture and art. Read more: Make your deposits carefully as they are rarely refundable: Ask Joe
Article Continued Below
Deposit and down payment aren't one and the same: Ask Joe Sellers should ask their real estate reps about home staging — if it's the right strategy for their house, if it's expensive and how effective it is in selling for a better price. While some salespeople are skilled and can stage homes themselves, brokerages often hire third-party firms. Who pays for staging? Well, that depends upon the terms of the listing agreement that a seller signs with their brokerage. If the cost of staging is included in the fees payable under the agreement, the brokerage will pick up the tab. If it isn't included, however, the seller will likely have to pay for the staging expenses. Depending on the terms of the agreement, the seller could have one less thing to pay for, or wind up with a bill for those costs even if the home doesn't sell.
Essar Steel has a debt of Rs49,000 crore and was referred to the NCLT in June 2017.
New Delhi: The National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT) on Wednesday reiterated that it wants to decide on the eligibility of the resolution applicants Numetal Ltd and ArcelorMittal India Ltd who submitted bids for Essar Steel Ltd before it can proceed to other issues related to insolvency.
“We have to decide whether either the resolution applicants were eligible during the first round of bidding or they were ineligible,” a two-judge NCLAT bench headed by Justice S.J. Mukhopadhyay said during the hearing of cross petitions filed by the two disqualified bidders.
Abhishek Singhvi, arguing for ArcelorMittal, alleged that Numetal Ltd is just a “façade” or a “shell company” formed for submission of a resolution plan in respect of the corporate debtor. This is evident from the manner in which Numetal and Aurora Enterprises (AEL) were incorporated on the same date in Mauritius in 2017. After submission of bids on 12 February 2018, AEL was no longer a shareholder by 21 March 2018, said Singhvi.
Singhvi also argued that ArcelorMittal has taken all the necessary steps to cure its ineligibility under the provisions of Section 29A of the Code by depositing Rs7,000 crore in an escrow account maintained by the State Bank of India (SBI), which leads a consortium of lenders to Essar Steel. However, Numetal has not taken any such steps to cure its ineligibility, he said.
In the last hearing, Mukul Rohatgi, appearing for Numetal, had argued that ArcelorMittal could submit a resolution plan only after “clearing the overdue amounts of Uttam Galva Steels Ltd and KSS Petron Pvt Ltd and attach the receipts” of the transactions.
ArcelorMittal, in its petition, had challenged its disqualification on the grounds that it had exited Uttam Galva before submitting a bid for Essar Steel on 12 February.
Backed by Russia's VTB Capital, Numetal had also challenged an order that allowed ArcelorMittal to settle the bank dues of its associate companies to bid for Essar Steel.
Essar Steel has a debt of Rs49,000 crore and was referred to the NCLT in June 2017. After the two companies were disqualified by the resolution professional under Section 29(a) of the insolvency code, which prohibits related parties of defaulting firms from participating in the resolution process, the two firms had filed appeals before the tribunal.
On 19 April, NCLT had dismissed the first round of bidding for Essar Steel on the ground that the committee of creditors and the resolution professional did not follow the procedure prescribed under the insolvency code. However, it ruled that ArcelorMittal and Numetal must clear debts in defaulting companies where they hold stakes before bidding for Essar Steel.
Numetal was disqualified on the ground that Rewant Ruia, son of Essar Steel promoter Ravi Ruia, is a beneficiary of a trust that backed Aurora Enterprises, which in turn held a 25% stake in Numetal. VTB is the largest shareholder with a 40% stake. The matter will next be heard on Thursday.
A decision on the winning bid will be made June 13 at the FIFA Congress in Mexico
The group hoping to bring the 2026 World Cup to North America has defended its decision for a 60-10-10 split in games.
The plan calls for the U.S. to stage 60 games, including all games from the quarter-finals. Canada and Mexico will each stage 10 matches.
Carlos Cordeiro, president of the U.S. Soccer Federation, called it “the most optimal mix of cities and matches.” And he said the bid is not anticipating that the world governing body of soccer will make any changes to its proposal, assuming it wins.
“The split of matches that we have proposed to FIFA frankly reflect the resources of the three countries,” Cordeiro told a media conference call Monday. “We in the United States are blessed with some very substantial resources in terms of stadium infrastructure, cities and so on. And that reflects the 60 matches we have on the table.
“But at the end of the day there is a reason why FIFA has encouraged joint bids and we do think that our joint bids taken together provide for a vastly superior bid than our competition.”
🇩🇪 Germany's World Cup winning goal in 2014. pic.twitter.com/scZrsflbFQ — FIFA World Cup (@WorldCupHQ) March 3, 2018
The so-called unified bid is up against Morocco to stage the men's soccer showcase. A decision on the winning bid will be made June 13 at the FIFA Congress in Mexico.
The North American group presented its bid book to FIFA on Friday in Zurich.
Steven Reed, president of the Canada Soccer Association, downplayed the decision by Vancouver to withdraw as a candidate host city because it could not agree to FIFA's demands.
“I think we're still really excited about that the candidate host cities that we have,” said Reed, referencing Edmonton, Montreal and Toronto.
“I guess to be perfectly honest I would be disappointed in that it's my back yard and I've lived there for most of my life,” added Reed, a native of North Vancouver, when asked again about Vancouver missing out.
Chicago and Minneapolis also pulled out at the last minute.
The 2026 World Cup will feature a newly expanded format with 48 teams and 80 games, up from 32 and 60 respectively.
9⃣2⃣ DAYS TO GO! 🏆🇷🇺
There's been 92 🇪🇸@SeFutbol goals at the #WorldCup so far, but only one produced a reaction quite like this. H/T: @andresiniesta8 😉 pic.twitter.com/xUkGiZQlRh — FIFA World Cup 🏆 (@FIFAWorldCup) March 14, 2018
Cordeiro also cited the “opportunity for record revenues” with all games sold out and some 5.8 million tickets sold, making for ticketing revenue of more than US$2.1 billion.
The North American bid features 23 candidate host cities — including the three in Canada and three in Mexico. That list will be likely be reduced to no more than 16 by FIFA should the North American bid prevail.
Mexican Football Federation president Decio De Maria said it will be easy for those living in the north of Mexico to attend games in the southern U.S.
“I think it is the same for Canadians,” he said. “They can attend easily the games that are going to be in the north of the U.S.”
De Maria called that mobility “a rich powerful tool of our bid.”
The three executives were in Kuala Lumpur where they were presenting their bid to Asian soccer officials. They have already visited officials in South America, Africa and Europe.
“We're not taking any vote for granted,” said Cordeiro.
The U.S. soccer boss said he was not concerned that the North American bid might be affected by anti-Trump sentiments around the globe.
“We believe strongly that this decision will be made on its merits,” he said.
“Look, this is not geopolitics,” he added, when pressed on the matter. “We're talking about football and fundamentally, at the end of the day, what's in the best interest of football and our footballing community. And we've had no backlash.”
Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
Siphiwe Tshabalala says the answer to Kaizer Chiefs' current malaise lies with the players taking the problem by the scruff of the neck and looking to solve it.
Chiefs might be up among the Premier Soccer League front runners but have won just twice in their last six league games and scored only twice in the process - one from 33-year-old Tshabalala in the last 20 minutes against Platinum Stars away at the weekend that provided the club with a much-needed victory.
“When things are not going well we have to be professional and take responsibility‚ knowing that us as players can provide the answer‚” he said after the win at the Royal Bafokeng Sports Palace.
“We spoke about it and said ‘just keep going'.
"This is the only Chiefs‚ we need to keep going and get the results.”
Tshabalala's superb headed goal put Chiefs only three points behind the leaders Mamelodi Sundowns.
”It was key to get maximum points.
"We had targeted nine points from the last three games of the year but we suffered a setback against Chippa and this was another opportunity for us to get the points and I'm happy we got them.
“Now there is one to go.
"Now it is to focus again and take (out) the positives and make sure we end 20217 on a high.”
Chiefs conclude a disappointing year with a ‘home' game against Ajax Cape Town‚ which is being played at the Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday night.
In 2013 and 2014, as a pensioner on a fixed income, I had to shell out close to $10,000 of my limited but hard-earned savings to repair my basement after a flash floods in my area. The City of Toronto basement flooding rebate program paid me less than $3,000 for the sump pump and back valve.
Here's my concern: Every scientist has pretty much confirmed that climate change is here and we're going to have to live with more frequent and severe storms, more flash flooding and extreme weather events. So why are we not re-examining Ontario's growth plan for the Greater Golden Horseshoe and other legislation that is forcing intensification in our community?
In my area near Downsview Park, which has under-serviced storm sewers, we are slated to get 10,000 additional units — despite the fact the Downsview Area Secondary Plan clearly states the “existing internal servicing networks will not adequately support the planned developments.”
I hate to think what will happen when another Hurricane Hazel hits (and experts say it will), with its unmanageable sheets of rain swelling our rivers, creeks and sewers with a roaring lethal flood.
Albert Krivickas, Toronto
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Incredible footage has been released by NASA which shows the red planet could in fact be blue.
Video captured by the Curiosity spans miles across Mars and in parts the clip appears to show the planet with a blueish tinge.
And a panoramic view from the surface has also been created from images taken by the rover since it landed on Mars in 2012.
The Mars Curiosity landed in Gale Crater and one of its on-board cameras captured 16 separate images at points along its journey at the top of the Vera Rubin Ridge.
(Image: NASA/Youtube)
(Image: NASA/Youtube)
(Image: NASA/Youtube)
These were then put together to form the breathtaking picture.
And thanks to some clever visual effects - the usually red planet gets a blue hue - making the scene more familiar to us humans.
NASA adjusted the colour balance in the images so that the rocks appear as they would during daylight on Earth.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: NASA)
The photos taken in October last year looks over the crater which is between 3.5 and 3.8 billion years old.
It also spans an area of 30 miles.
The photos were taken just before northern Mars' winter solstice which means there were clear skies to capture the stunning views.
And because of the thin atmosphere on the planet it means mountains that are more than 50 miles away can be seen in the shots.
(Image: NASA/Youtube)
(Image: NASA/Youtube)
In a written statement, curiosity project scientist Ashwin Vasavada said: "Even though Curiosity has been steadily climbing for five years, this is the first time we could look back and see the whole mission laid out below us.
"From our perch on Vera Rubin Ridge, the vast plains of the crater floor stretch out to the spectacular mountain range that forms the northern rim of Gale Crater."
The space agency also released an annotated version of the panorama photo to point out places from the mission such as "Yellowknife Bay" - an ancient freshwater-lake environment.
They are now preparing to use the robot's drill to analyse powdered rock samples.
The replacement of a longtime clerk-treasurer in Lindenhurst has caused a stir in the village.
At a reorganization meeting earlier this month, it was announced that Shawn Cullinane was resigning from his position after 29 years.
Mayor Mike Lavorata, who took office after former mayor Tom Brennan stepped down last month due to health reasons, said the decision to replace Cullinane was mutual. In an interview, Cullinane said his decision to leave was not mutual.
“He's been looking for several years to move out of that position,” Lavorata said, noting Cullinane's unsuccessful runs for local and state office. “It was kind of a mutual discussion. He wasn't really excited about staying around, he wanted to do something different.”
Lavorata said he'd started thinking about making a change in the position when Brennan began talking about stepping down. “I figured it was probably in the best interest of the village to just kind of change things a little bit,” Lavorata said, adding that Cullinane's expressed interest in the mayoral seat did not play a role.
“It was not personal, it was all business,” Lavorata said.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Cullinane said that on Feb. 18, he had a conversation with Lavorata about his desire to possibly seek the position of mayor and that Lavorata was noncommittal about his own interest in the role. He said he did not hear from Lavorata again until a week before this month's reorganization meeting when Lavorata texted him to say he was replacing him. He said he asked for a reason but Lavorata did not provide one.
“There was no mutual decision for me to leave the administration,” Cullinane said. “I wanted to stay; in fact I requested to stay on.”
Cullinane said he had a good working relationship with Lavorata since the mayor first was elected trustee in 2004 and the pair have a friendship that dates back further.
“I've known him for 30 years,” Cullinane said. “I helped him when he first wanted to get on the village board. I had the man at my son's wedding three months ago. The friendship that he all of a sudden decides is of no value — I was stunned.”
In voting to replace Cullinane with deputy clerk Doug Madlon, trustee Darrel Kost cast the only “no” vote — one of only a handful of times the board has seen a “no” vote in at least a half-dozen years.
“I saw no reason why Shawn should be replaced,” Kost said. “I can't think of anyone more familiar with the workings of Lindenhurst than Shawn.”
Some in the community have speculated that outside sources — namely Babylon Town Supervisor and Suffolk Democratic chairman Rich Schaffer — might have been behind the move.
Cullinane — who ran unsuccessfully against Schaffer for Suffolk County legislator in 1989 and for town supervisor in 1995 — recently came into conflict with Schaffer with his run last fall for state Assembly and his work toward a referendum to create council districts in the town.
Lavorata said Schaffer played a role in his decision. Shaffer said Monday that he had “no role whatsoever” in Lavorata's decision.
Still up in the air is what happens to Cullinane's role as chair of the village's economic development committee. Lavorata said there “definitely may be a role for Mr. Cullinane.” Cullinane said he has yet to hear from Lavorata about future consulting work.
Facebook published a list of guidelines on objectionable content, violent and criminal behavior, and intellectual property Tuesday morning.
Shares are down more than 3%.
Facebook reports earnings after Wednesday's closing bell.
Facebook shares are lower by 3.2% at $160.53 apiece Tuesday after the company published a list of guidelines on objectionable content, violent and criminal behavior, and intellectual property.
The announcement from Facebook is the latest attempt by the social-media giant to distance itself from the Cambridge Analytica data scandal that surfaced in March. Cambridge Analytica, a political-research firm, had illegally accessed roughly 87 million users' data.
News of the scandal caused Facebook shares to plunge as much as 19.5% in two weeks following, wiping out nearly $100 billion of market cap.
Even before the scandal, Facebook was dealing with a fake news problem. that caused the company to rejigger its algorithm in order to prioritize friend-related and personal content over news.
Facebook reports its first-quarter results after Wednesday's closing bell. Wall Street is expecting the company to earn $1.38 a share on revenue of $11.41 billion.
Facebook is down 11.89% for the year.
Today's Workplace Realities Have Changed
The median number of years that wage and salary workers had been with their current employer was 4.2 years in January 2016, down from 4.6 years in January 2014, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported on September 22, 2016.
This being a median number, it doesn't apply to every company or organization. Your situation might be quite different. This trend has implications for small and mid-sized enterprises. While coaching may help people polish skills today, mentoring tends to be a longer-term staff investment. Why sink money into employees who are going to leave in the next few years? The short answer is that you shouldn't.
What Are the Implications For You?
Strategic mentoring focuses on building the character, perspective, and the savvy contextual thinking of high potential people whom you expect to be a part of your efforts in the long run. An investment in these people can help to ensure that these women and men will stay with you longer than those who feel they are going nowhere in their jobs.
Strategically choosing to mentor an employee requires serious consideration on your part. Whom do you choose? When do you offer the guidance? How do you see your business growing in the future? Experience shows that many successful small and mid-sized businesses grow in size and complexity faster than the skills of their longer-term employees can accommodate. Training people when there is no room for their future growth can actually hasten their desire to look elsewhere. If your business isn't growing, there generally aren't the funds available to justify making such an investment. Still, the future issues and complexity that you face means that you will be hindering your capabilities by not developing talented people.
When people leave, you lose their institutional knowledge, their customer or supplier connections, and their working relationships in the organization. These things, in addition to their personal skills and knowledge will need to be developed anew in any new hire. These intangibles require a good deal of time to replace. There are also bound to be mistakes and frustrations as these new people “learn the ropes.”
Where Does Mentoring Make Sense?
While there are always exceptions due to individual realities, several business circumstances exist where mentoring creates a great ROI for both company and employees. This discussion isn't meant to be exhaustive. It does lay out conditions which are ripe for employing strategic mentoring.
Growing business or practices: It can be difficult to take the time to train people when the work requirements are coming in hot and heavy. This is especially true when teaching/learning is a time consuming side event. Trusting an employee to just “get it” is a weak strategy. Likewise, traditional shadowing, where the subordinate follows you around and watches what you do, never really allows strong contextual judgment to be developed. Using the daily work and responsibilities of your people as the practice field for developing new skills and savvy is a much more productive strategy. Here, learning is an on-going dialogue rather than an event. Shadowing is a nuanced, multi-phased activity which incorporates conversation, directed practice, and feedback that occurs close to the work to sharpen the skills of your developing talent.
It can be difficult to take the time to train people when the work requirements are coming in hot and heavy. This is especially true when teaching/learning is a time consuming side event. Trusting an employee to just “get it” is a weak strategy. Likewise, traditional shadowing, where the subordinate follows you around and watches what you do, never really allows strong contextual judgment to be developed. Using the daily work and responsibilities of your people as the practice field for developing new skills and savvy is a much more productive strategy. Here, learning is an on-going dialogue rather than an event. Shadowing is a nuanced, multi-phased activity which incorporates conversation, directed practice, and feedback that occurs close to the work to sharpen the skills of your developing talent. Family businesses: These businesses tend to be quite difficult arenas in which new talent is allowed to grow. Parents tend to remember who the younger generation has been rather than seeing who it has become. Parents who have sunk their lives into the business, and who are depending on it to fund their lives after work is behind them, are often frightened to relinquish control to “the kids.” It's understandable, but not a good strategy. Trust is only developed by giving opportunities and room to learn from mistakes. If you want to exit the business someday, while keeping it in the family, a plan to develop competencies and benchmarks to verify good thinking are essential. If you don't have a development strategy already in place, problems quickly escalate when your sister Mary wants you to make her idiot child the VP of Marketing because he or she is smart and good with people. Interfamily jealousy and competition become disruptive to business when there is no succession or developmental criteria in place.
These businesses tend to be quite difficult arenas in which new talent is allowed to grow. Parents tend to remember who the younger generation has been rather than seeing who it has become. Parents who have sunk their lives into the business, and who are depending on it to fund their lives after work is behind them, are often frightened to relinquish control to “the kids.” It's understandable, but not a good strategy. Trust is only developed by giving opportunities and room to learn from mistakes. If you want to exit the business someday, while keeping it in the family, a plan to develop competencies and benchmarks to verify good thinking are essential. If you don't have a development strategy already in place, problems quickly escalate when your sister Mary wants you to make her idiot child the VP of Marketing because he or she is smart and good with people. Interfamily jealousy and competition become disruptive to business when there is no succession or developmental criteria in place. Organizations facing stiff competition: When you competition is breathing down your neck or pulling ahead, it's time for a full court press. You need everyone to be at their best, individually and as team members. This isn't the time to start developing talent. Rather, leadership in an organization is about building the capability of the organization to continue to get better at delivering value and keeping ever more complex brand promises. Using scenario planning, building collaborative thinking skills, and implementing rigorous accountability standards are essential for out-performing the competition. It's a much easier task if these expectations are already a part of your culture as opposed to your trying to start them on the fly.
When you competition is breathing down your neck or pulling ahead, it's time for a full court press. You need everyone to be at their best, individually and as team members. This isn't the time to start developing talent. Rather, leadership in an organization is about building the capability of the organization to continue to get better at delivering value and keeping ever more complex brand promises. Using scenario planning, building collaborative thinking skills, and implementing rigorous accountability standards are essential for out-performing the competition. It's a much easier task if these expectations are already a part of your culture as opposed to your trying to start them on the fly. Companies with one or more high potential employees: As a leader, it's your responsibility get the greatest return possible on the talent you're already paying for. Every organization is comprised of some people who are growing into their roles, while others have reached their realistic ceilings. There are usually others, however, who have the capability to do much more with some strategic mentoring or coaching. Experience demonstrates that few organizations have a deliberate plan that's being worked to nurture and harvest that potential. Just as there are plans to upgrade facilities and equipment, working a deliberate plan to develop high potential people serve not only to bind them to the organization, but to grow the organization's capacity to thrive in the future.
As a leader, it's your responsibility get the greatest return possible on the talent you're already paying for. Every organization is comprised of some people who are growing into their roles, while others have reached their realistic ceilings. There are usually others, however, who have the capability to do much more with some strategic mentoring or coaching. Experience demonstrates that few organizations have a deliberate plan that's being worked to nurture and harvest that potential. Just as there are plans to upgrade facilities and equipment, working a deliberate plan to develop high potential people serve not only to bind them to the organization, but to grow the organization's capacity to thrive in the future. Companies or organizations where leadership is looking to retire or exit in the foreseeable future: If you want to exit the business someday, while keeping it in the family, a plan to develop competencies and benchmarks to verify good thinking are essential. In other organizations, the challenge is to have an organization that can continue to be successful when the current leadership exits. It's a sad fact that too many small and medium-sized organizations find that the existing owners can't sell the business because they are the key asset. Other organizations falter when the boss, or the leadership team, have functioned for years as if they were the only thinkers in the business. Developing the thinking skills of your organization as a whole is an essential element for any company's long-term success.
If you want to exit the business someday, while keeping it in the family, a plan to develop competencies and benchmarks to verify good thinking are essential. In other organizations, the challenge is to have an organization that can continue to be successful when the current leadership exits. It's a sad fact that too many small and medium-sized organizations find that the existing owners can't sell the business because they are the key asset. Other organizations falter when the boss, or the leadership team, have functioned for years as if they were the only thinkers in the business. Developing the thinking skills of your organization as a whole is an essential element for any company's long-term success. Organizations where the leader or key management team members, while skilled in their particular roles are not particularly good teachers: Finally, many companies have leaders and managers who are good at their jobs. Far fewer have people in those roles who are also good teachers. Companies have people who tell others what to do. They have leaders who step in and solve problems when their people don't, or can't. While this can be an efficient system in the moment, it does nothing to develop the capability of the team to become better problem solvers or decision makers. Indeed, it stymies their interest it's taking the risk of independent thinking. Teaching and expecting your leadership team to teach their subordinates is a smart business strategy.
© 2017, Daniel D. Elash, PhD. All rights reserved.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Miss Kitty would be very upset if I brought home another cat. She likes being an only child. But, if I had the room and resources, I would adopt every single cat at the Sioux Falls Area Humane Society.
There are too many cats at the Sioux Falls Area Humane Society and they need to find homes. Cats are easy to take care of and like all animals, they love you unconditionally.
July 1-3 and 5-8, the Sioux Falls Area Humane Society is hosting a Freedom Felines Adoption Event. When anyone 44 years of age or older adopts any cat, kitten or senior cat, they'll pay only a $44 adoption fee. This offer is also good for anyone who presents a valid military ID. You'll also receive a free gift with adoption. This is valid for the first 44 Freedom Felines adoptions. The Sioux Falls Humane Society will be closed on July 4th, 2017.
Take a look at all of the adorable cats looking for a furever home here.
With Indigenous women representing one in three women in the Canadian prison system, we're facing “a crisis in need of urgent attention.”
That's the message from Cambridge's Jessica Rumboldt, who received a Visionaries Prize on Oct. 3 for her efforts to raise awareness and bring change.
The award, handed out by Lt.-Gov. Elizabeth Dowdeswell during a ceremony at Queen's Park, comes in the category of reconciliation.
“Since 2004, the overall number of Indigenous female offenders has grown by an alarming 90 per cent, establishing this vulnerable population of women as the most growing population behind bars,” Rumboldt said during a presentation of her research and ideas.
Several factors contribute to the situation, she explained, including serious adverse effects of colonization, as well as traumatic experiences from the residential school system.
“These factors have influenced the higher rates of violence, poverty and homelessness amongst this population of women,” she said.
Rumboldt called for the $1 billion increase to prison funding needed to incarcerate these women to be directed toward funding culturally appropriate services and programs that address chronic unemployment, mental illness, child care, affordable housing, violence and poverty.
“I'm calling on all of us, as a community, to support the following: increased accountability within the criminal justice system, legislative change and legal reform, comprehensive data collection and research, program development, policy development, strengthened community leadership, public awareness and education, and capacity building and community development.”
Rumboldt, a doctoral student at York University, identifies as having Mi'kmaq heritage. She is a member of the Criminal Justice Association of Ontario, as well as the Association of Municipal Clerks and Treasurers of Ontario.
Visionaries Prize awards, administered in partnership with Walrus Foundation with support from the government of Ontario through its Ontario 150 program, recognize creative thinkers who tackle challenges that Ontario residents and Canadians will face during the next 50 years.
Paul and Virginia Fitzpatrick have announced the engagement of their daughter, Claire Celestine, to Daniel Patrick Lorusso, son of Cathy and Charles Lorusso of Ridgefield. Both are 2008 graduates of Ridgefield High School.
Ms. Fitzpatrick attended Merrimack College and is currently employed by Greenwich Payment Advisors as a client services manager working in Rye, N.Y. Mr. Lorusso graduated from Nichols College and works in Stamford for Indeed as a senior account specialist.
A fall 2017 wedding in Ridgefield is planned.
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
Domestic consumption of cement increased by a whopping 37.3 percent in January 2018 on year-on-year basis as the construction activities continued to lead the economy and employment of both skilled and unskilled workforce of the country.
However, the dismal performance of exports remained the achilles' heels of cement industry as the exports went down by 7.82 percent from 0.376 million tons in January 2017 to 0.347 million tons in January 2018. Capacity utilization for the month of January 2018 was 99.11 percent.
According to the data released by All Pakistan Cement Manufacturers' Association (APCMA), out of total cement despatches of 4.084 million tons in January the domestic consumption was 3.737 million tons. The capacity utilization of the industry during the first seven months of this fiscal reached 91.28 percent which is the highest since 2004-05. Cement sector is quite hopeful that the present growth momentum in cement sector will continue and absorb the upcoming production capacities of around 15 million tons in next three to four years.
Cement consumption in North zone was 3.018 million tons and surged by 41.68 percent in January 2018 compared to same month last year, which lead the domestic growth.
This is the second time this fiscal that cement consumption in Northern zone of the country exceeded 3 million tons.
The consumption in the Southern zone of the country was also robust being 0.719 million tons compared with 0.591 million tons during the corresponding month of last fiscal. During the first seven months of current fiscal cement industry despatched 26.327 million tons while during seven months of last fiscal the total despatches were 22.904 million tons. The growth in domestic consumption of cement during the first seven months of this fiscal was 20.17 percent, however, overall increase in cement despatches was restricted to 14.94 percent due to 16.25 percent decline in cement exports during the period under consideration.
During the year under review, diesel and coal prices have continuously gone up which increased the cost of production and to add fuel to the fire competition with smuggled and imported cement has resulted in a steep decline in the profit margins of the industry.
Spokesman of APCMA regretted that the government is not heeding to the requests of the industry to take steps for increasing exports and eliminating the unlawful smuggled or under invoiced imports of cement. He said that the industry is managing the import threat through efficient operations and low profit margins.
“The government should take measures to increase cement exports and curb the smuggling and under invoicing to provide some much-needed relief to the industry,” he added.
South Korea's Acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn will hold a National Security Council meeting to discuss the apparent assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother, his office said.
The NSC Standing Committee session, which is to begin at 8:50 a.m., will bring together top security and diplomatic officials, including the ministers of foreign affairs, defense and unification, and the head of the National Intelligence Service.
Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn (Yonhap)
Kim Jong-nam was assassinated Monday in Malaysia, an informed source has said without revealing any further details.Malaysian police officials were quoted in news reports as saying that the 45-year-old Kim was attacked with an apparently toxic chemical spray at a Kuala Lumpur airport and died while being taken to a hospital. He was waiting for a flight to Macau when the attack happened, the officials said.Many observers believe that the assassination is part of the North Korean leader's efforts to get rid of potential risks to his autocratic rule and further consolidate his power. Kim's deceased half brother had been an outspoken critic of the dictatorial regime. (Yonhap)
Here's what's coming up this week on World Cafe
Monday, April 17
On a Guitar Month Special episode of the World Cafe, Talia spins some of the most iconic guitar songs ever written.
Tuesday, April 18
All Gabriel Garzon-Montano wanted to do on his debut album, Jardin, was remind listeners that life is beautiful and delicate. He plays tracks from that album live. In the second hour, guitar savant Eric Krasno performs songs off of his new album, Blood from a Stone.
Wednesday, April 19
Garage blues group Black Joe Lewis & The Honeybears come to terms with their past on their new album, Backlash.
Thursday, April 20
On a special Nashville Session on the World Cafe, Ann Powers welcomes Charlie Worsham.
Friday, April 21
Rock and roll icon Ray Davies has toured all over the world with his band The Kinks, but his fascination with the United States is what drives his new album, Americana.
Listen to World Cafe every Monday through Friday at 10pm on KXT 91.7!
The man of virtue makes the difficulty to be overcome his first business, and success only a subsequent consideration.
Related
As #TheWalkingDead Season 7 waved goodbye to some of its best-known faces, we lost one of the show's biggest personalities, Big Red, a.k.a. Abraham Ford. With a defiant "suck my nuts," we cowered as Ford became the first casualty of the series and bowed out in a shower of blood and brain matter. Although the mustachioed marvel returned posthumously for the season finale, the loss of Abraham has been felt on the show — if only in lack of well-groomed facial hair.
However, although Abe has shuffled off to pastures new, actor #MichaelCudlitz is still a fan of #AMC's zombie apocalypse and more than happy to pass judgement on the time after his tenure. Speaking out on his blossoming bromance with #JoshMcDermitt's Eugene Porter, it looks like Cudlitz isn't too impressed (or shocked) with his compadre's turn to the dark side by embracing the Negan way.
Bros Before Hoes
'The Walking Dead' [Credit: AMC]
Speaking at Walker Stalker Con, both the man behind the mullet and the man with the 'tash opened up about Eugene's betrayal and what could happen next. McDermitt was the first to speak, blaming Abraham's departure on his newfound allegiances:
"I think Abraham would not be surprised by it but honestly, if Abraham was still there, Eugene would still be with Abraham. That's the dynamic and the relationship that the two of them had, that Abraham protected Eugene, and now Eugene is seeking protection elsewhere."
Cudlitz himself was quick to chime in with "let's ask Abraham":
"I think he's being very, very true to character. This is exactly the guy I punched in the face at the fire truck. He's staying alive. Especially if somebody he's looking for me in protection, and he sees the person that he felt could protect him from anything gets killed ,what the hell kind of chance does he think he stands in his own head? He's gonna say no? He's gonna defy them? He's gonna somehow beat Negan? He may ultimately poison their entire food supply and kill them all but not today! He's staying alive!"
What do you think Abraham would think about Eugene now? @JoshMcDermitt and @Cudlitz weigh in #WSCSF pic.twitter.com/i1F9EHRjAq — Walker Stalker Con (@WalkrStalkrCon) April 16, 2017
Abraham and Eugene had a notoriously strained relationship, with Abraham being the de facto protector of the cowardly lion. When we met the duo back in Season 4, Abraham's sole mission was to get Eugene to Washington under claims that he knew what started the outbreak and could engineer a cure. In classic TWD style, it never was that easy, and the big reveal that Eugene had lied about his job pushed Abraham to breaking point as he K.O.'ed Eugene with a solid punch. Although they rekindled their friendship somewhat as the show continued, things would never be the same.
See also:
In A Pickle
'The Walking Dead' [Credit: AMC]
Eugene's only M.O. is clearly survival, something he seems to putting to practical use alongside Negan at the Sanctuary. He seems to be having a whale of a time eating pickles and collecting cuddly toys. However, many are hoping for a redemptive story arc where Eugene pulls the rug from beneath Negan. The show is excellent at crafting a shock twist like this, but is it a little too late for our faux scientist from Texas?
Interestingly, neither McDermitt nor Cudlitz seems terribly shocked by Eugene's current predicament, so does this also suggest that it is all a ruse by Eugene and Season 8 will see him turn a corner? We already saw him inadvertently help Sasha, and anyone who can create their bullets certainly isn't lacking in the brainpower department. As Negan's suspicions rise toward both Eugene and Dwight, it is safe to assume that his right and left-hand men won't both be making it out of Season 8 alive. Could it be time for Eugene to head to the big barber's shop in the sky and get a trim from Lucille?
Check out Cudlitz's return from the Season 7 finale and don't forget our poll below.
According to your news report, the CSRD is giving away $7500 in funding to Tappen and White Lake for Halloween celebrations.
Give us a break.
The CSRD certainly knows how to waste our tax dollars but this must be a new low.
The local food banks, SPCA, Women's Shelter and others could make more use of this money than a handout to local youth followed by a trip to the Dentist. There is something wrong here if your report is accurate, even if it's a smaller amount of money.
Ken King
Rome, December 11 - The spread between Italian and German 10-year bond yields, a gauge of Italy's borrowing costs and of market confidence in the Italian economy, closed steady on 135 points Monday, a post-October 2016 low, with the yield down to 1.64%. The lower the spread is, the better it is for the Italian economy and debt-servicing costs. The spread rose above 200 points earlier this year on EU populist fears.
click to enlarge Provided
Have the best summer ever at one of Charleston County Park and Recreation's three area waterparks. Starting Sat. June 2 the three parks will be open daily from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Whirlin' Waters is the largest waterpark in Charleston and is located in North Charleston and at Wannamaker County Park. This park is perfect for all ages with areas for toddlers, teens, and adults and feature the Tubular Twister and Rip Tide Run mat racer slide. Splash Island is tucked deep in Mt. Pleasant at the Palmetto Islands County Park and is geared toward toddlers to pre-teens with slides, sprays, a swirling water ride and a body flume. Splash Zone , located in James Island County Park, features island-style play structures, slides, a large leisure pool, and a lazy river. Be on the lookout for a new rainforest-themed family play complex to open early summer.If you plan to visit the waterparks regularly be sure to invest in the seasonal Basic Splash Pass ($59.99) which allows unlimited admission to both the Splashes, or the Super Splash Pass ($89.99) which includes Whirlin' Waters.
Amanullah Khan
Karachi
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of The Republic of Turkey has begun to offer a complimentary 7-day transit visa to Pakistani passengers who will travel with Turkish Airlines from Pakistan to the U.S., Schengen Countries, U.K., and Ireland. Turkish Airlines, the carrier that flies to more countries of the world than any other airline, now also offers its “Stopover” service for its transfer passengers, departing from Pakistan to arrive to the U.S., Schengen Countries, U.K., Ireland, and having more than 20 hours connecting time.
This new service will enable the transfer passengers that depart from Pakistan to arrive to the U.S., Schengen Countries, U.K., Ireland, and also have more than 20 hours connecting time, to stop over in Istanbul with an accommodation cheque prepared by Turkish Airlines' authorized staff after completing the flight booking process of the passenger. This cheque will enable the economy class passengers to stay 1 night at a 4-star hotel; and also the business class passengers to stay 2 nights at a 5-star hotel in Sultanahmet and Taksim, generally described as the central points of Istanbul.
Stopover offers those passengers a complimentary accommodation and a great opportunity to discover the unique beauties of Istanbul during their connecting time.
Remember when you were in high school and the cool thing to say was ‘music is my boyfriend'? We're here to assure you it's still cool.
NEW YORK (AP) - Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Tuesday:
Caterpillar Inc., down $9.55 to $144.44
The company said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year.
Alphabet Inc., down $51.17 to $1,022.64
Google's parent company reported greater ad sales but also said costs climbed.
Waters Corp., down $16.42 to $193.18
The maker of products used in drug discovery and development posted weak pharmaceutical and industrial sales.
Restaurant Brands Inc., up $2.80 to $56.30
A new burger and a spicy chicken sandwich sold well at Burger King, helping boost profits.
Whirlpool Corp., up $5.64 to $155.96
The appliance maker had a stronger first quarter than Wall Street had forecast.
Shire PLC, up $3.85 to $163.93
The drugmaker said it is considering a new buyout offer from Japan's Takeda.
3M Co., down $14.75 to $201.13
The industrial coatings and Post-it note maker cut its annual profit forecast.
Fifth Third Bancorp., up $1.32 to $33.25
The bank reported an increase in net interest income and analysts were pleased with its annual forecast.
Ring in 2018 at OMNIA San Diego featuring sounds by Savi! Listen to Tonya & Sonic this week from 6a-10a for your chance to win your way into the party! When they tell you to call, be caller 20 at 833-288-0973 to win! For tickets and VIP reservations at OmniaNightclub.com.
ROMULUS, Mich. (WXYZ) - Kathleen Considine says she and her family would have never put her 7-year-old dog, Jacob, on a plane if they thought it would be risky.
Considine is blaming United Airlines for her dog's death, which occurred just hours after he arrived in Portland, Oregon.
Considine, who is from Dearborn, Michigan, had recently relocated to Portland. It was time for her beloved Jacob to join her.
Considine says her family was told that Jacob's crate would fit on the two planes that he'd have to be aboard. But when Jacob arrived in Chicago to change planes, they got a phone call because the second plane could not accommodate the size of his cage.
Jacob's one-hour layover turned into a 20-hour layover as the airline waited to put the dog on another plane.
Charlie Hobart, a spokesman for United Airlines, says their agent at Metro Airport in Romulus did make a mistake and they have apologized for that error.
Hobart says, despite the 20-hour layover, they are not responsible for Jacob's death and that the dog did not show any signs of being ill while in their care.
But Considine says that when her boyfriend went to the airport in Portland to pick Jacob up because she was at work, her boyfriend noticed that Jacob didn't seem well at all.
A United worker reportedly told him the dog may have been given some medication and that he would be fine. That was around 4 p.m.
Considine says she was cuddling with Jacob on the bed that night after a veterinarian said to keep an eye on him. But by around 11 p.m., Jacob was in trouble.
Considine and her boyfriend rushed Jacob to an emergency veterinarian where he immediately needed CPR.
Eight minutes later, Jacob was dead.
Considine was told that it appeared Jacob died from Gastric Dilatation and Volvulus Syndrome, which is more commonly called bloat, brought on by stress.
In a Facebook post, Considine wrote:
"Nothing will bring my baby back, but I am asking everyone to please share this post so nobody else has to go through this terrible tragedy.
United Airlines "PetSafe" program is cruel. They treat animals like baggage. They did not care if Jacob had food or water or any time out of his cage. They are incredibly rude and have shown no sympathy for my dog's death. I would have received the same responses if they were to have broken my guitar in baggage.
The airline is ignoring my questions and concerns so I am turning my attention to Facebook in hopes to spread the word."
Read Kathleen Considine's full post below:
Staff Reporter
Rawalpindi
Melody queen, Shabnam Majeed enthralled the audience of twin cities of Rawalpindi and Islamabad by her melodious voice in a musical night at Rawalpindi Arts Council (RAC) in connection with the Independence Day here. Fazal Jatt and young talent Maria Kanwal also received appreciation while artist, Masood Khawaja anchored the Musical Night with amusement. The singers put up a brilliant show while singing which spellbound the audience for many hours. Mayor Rawalpindi Sardar Naseem Khan, MPAs Raja Hanif Advocate, Malik Iftikhar, Commissioner Rawalpindi Division Talat Mehmood Gondal, CPO Rawalpindi Israr Ahmed Abbasi, Naheed Manzoor and Resident Director Waqar Ahmed enjoyed the musical performance. The musical night was started with performance of young blind singer Maria Kanwal. Fazal Jutt performed on folk stories, written centuries ago by saints of the Sub – continent to promote the message of love and harmony among the masses.
Related
TOPICS IN THIS INTERVIEW: 01:00 Inspiration behind the book ‘speculator' 03:20 Cryptocurrency and the evolution of money 06:00 Can Gold backed digital assets work? 08:30 Developing countries urgent need for Bitcoin 10:20 Opportunities and the technological renaissance 12:30 What makes HIVE Blockchain Technologies an amazing opportunity? 15:40 Precious Metals overshadowed by Blockchain technology 22:00 Government subsidies 24:00 Internet disrupting the redundant education system 27:30 Update and analysis on the Gold Markets
In this insightful interview, Doug Casey is our special guest to discuss the financial renaissance and the transfer of wealth as Blockchain technology continues to disrupt a wide variety of sectors. Further insights are shared regarding the educational system and the current outlook on the Gold Markets.
Future Money Trends
We will help you increase your wealth and grow rich together by focusing on future trends. Currently we believe the U.S. is in a depression, the dollar is our biggest risk, and that we need to not only survive this economy, we want to thrive and prosper in it.
Increasing our knowledge by seeking out the information that no one else is, we consider ourselves fact finders. This is what our team of researchers do, so our job is to share it with you, we cover the economy, markets, and global shifts in trends that directly effect you.
People, honestly this is the most important investment in your life. Your relationships, the people you surround yourself with, listen to, and partner with on investments. From top analysts to CEO's of publically traded companies, connecting you with the right people is the biggest responsibility we have at FutureMoneyTrends.com.
Idris Elba has launched his own record label.
The 'Luther' star may be best known for playing the near-genius murder detective in the British crime drama, but he has been making subtle waves in the music industry for over a decade now thanks to his love for hip-hop and DJ-ing and he's now decided to take things one step further by setting up his own label, 7Wallace Music.
And the 45-year-old actor certainly isn't taking his time with his new venture as he has already announced that he's signed his first client, French artist James BKS.
Speaking to Billboard, Idris said: "James is a rare find. His hip-hop sensibilities transfer to the other music he makes, he's a nice person to work with and is gonna be a strong artist in the future. It's a huge move for 7Wallace, a small indie label."
James currently resides in Paris, France, but is no stranger to working with big names as he's previously been guided by hip-hop producer Diddy in the US.
He will release his new single 'Kwlele', which features Dibango and Allan Kingdom, on July 13 and he has teased that the music is a blend of hip-hop, pop and African music as he wanted to pay tribute to his roots and share his "journey" with the world.
He explained: "I want people to get to know my journey.
"The song is the musical answer to my inner questions. Finally I can be proud of my roots and say this music is fully me."
Idris, on the other hand, is very busy with his acting career at the moment as it's been speculated that he's in the running to play the next James Bond.
However, his fiancee Sabrina Dhowre has revealed she would be loathed to see him replace Daniel Craig as the iconic secret agent in the franchise because she thinks it would mean she would have to do even more work around their home.
Telesco agrees the crop of quarterbacks in this draft is "a deep class, not only in the first round, but some other rounds as well. We've seen it the last couple of years. The quarterback classes have been pretty good. Guys are coming into the league and playing a little bit quicker than they used to."
With Geno Smith and Cardale Jones on the roster behind Rivers, Telesco has the luxury of knowing he doesn't need to draft a quarterback. He'll decide soon whether the succession plan will wait another year.
Here are more things to contemplate before the Chargers make their picks:
TOUGH CHOICES
The Chargers' prolonged surge into playoff contention last season left them squarely in the middle of the pack for the draft. Telesco would have rather been in the post-season than the 17th overall slot, but his scouts and executives believe they can get a worthy talent with their current position.
"You typically have about 18 to 20 first-round-graded players, give or take a couple," Telesco said. "If we don't trade out, we'll still get someone who we feel is a first-round player on our board. It's just more scenarios you have to work through."
BACK ON D
Telesco's team has plenty of desires, but no gaping needs that would compel them to value position over talent. Telesco said he will stick to his philosophy of picking the top available player, but he sees "more defence" among the desirable picks in this particular draft pool.
If that's a clue to the Chargers' intentions, they have plenty of needs, including a topflight safety to replace Tre Boston or a starting linebacker to help out Denzel Perryman.
While Los Angeles has one of the NFL's best pass-rushing duos with Joey Bosa and Melvin Ingram, another defensive tackle such as Vita Vea or Da'Ron Payne would bolster a sometimes porous run defence.
RUN IT BACK
Telesco acknowledges he could be looking for an offensive playmaker who can double as a kick returner after Los Angeles finished 30th in the league in return yards. The Bolts already have elite talent at receiver in Keenan Allen, Tyrell Williams and Mike Williams, who is hard at work in the off-season program after an injury-filled rookie year as the seventh overall pick.
DO THE WORK
The Chargers' front office executives and scouts were busy this week preparing for the draft by sifting through hundreds of scouting reports and making their final evaluations before going into a massive mock draft.
"We'll go through different scenarios of where guys would go, and what we would do," Telesco said. "Because (on) draft day, you can't have those discussions. It's hard enough making decisions with the clock ticking down in front of you. You can't have those long discussions at that point. You have to have that decided."
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Telesco's first five years in charge included big hits in 2016 with first-round pick Bosa and second-round tight end Hunter Henry, both budding stars. He also grabbed running back Melvin Gordon in the first round in 2015 and got starting linebacker Denzel Perryman in the second round.
Telesco hasn't been as successful in unearthing hidden gems, with few later-round picks becoming major contributors. For instance, 2016 third-round pick Max Tuerk lasted just two years and failed to become the Bolts' starting centre. But he got a huge hit in the third round in 2013 when he drafted Keenan Allen, who overcame injuries to become a Pro Bowl receiver.
Much of the evaluation of last year's class must wait, since first-round receiver Mike Williams didn't play much and second-round offensive lineman Forrest Lamp missed the whole season because of injuries.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Greg Beacham, The Associated Press
BUSINESS
Major Korean retailers, convenience store chains and online shopping malls decided Tuesday to immediately halt sales of eggs at their branches nationwide after the government warned of pesticide-tainted eggs earlier in the day.
The companies include the nation's three largest retail firms, E-mart, Homeplus and Lotte Mart, as well as leading convenience store chains BGF Retail's CU, GS25 and 7-Eleven.
(Yonhap)
E-mart's spokesperson said, “The company has not purchased any eggs from the farm that is currently accused of shipping contaminated eggs, but decided to stop sales as a preventive measure.”Later in the day, Nonghyup's Hanaro Mart, which operates 2,120 branches nationwide, also decided to halt all sales of eggs. Internet shopping sites including Coupang and Wemakeprice suspended sales of fresh and boiled eggs as well as food items with eggs, such as cookies.It is unprecedented for all of the country's major retailers to stop selling eggs simultaneously.The Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs found that a farm located in Namyangju, Gyeonggi Province, had delivered eggs contaminated with fipronil. The farm reportedly produced 25,000 eggs per day.The ministry immediately banned all shipments of eggs from local egg farms with at least 3,000 chickens.Fipronil is a broad-spectrum insecticide used to treat lice, fleas and ticks. It can cause liver, kidney and thyroid gland damage. The same pesticide has been found in eggs in 17 European countries.The ministry is currently conducting inspections of local egg farms across the country. “Starting with the largest egg farms, the ministry will inspect every local egg farm in the nation,” a ministry official said. The inspections are expected to be completed by the end of the week, he added.The ministry will lift the shipment ban for farms that have no fipronil detected in their eggs upon inspection in order to cope with the supply problem, it added.Meanwhile, the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety is set to track the distribution channels of the contaminated eggs that the farm in Namyang shipped out. It plans to recall and discard all those eggs upon locating them.By Shim Woo-hyun (ws@heraldcorp.com)
By Sarah Carroll
Tonight, The Voice live playoffs kick off with Teams Blake Shelton and Alicia Keys.
Each of their five remaining artists will perform tonight, along with a special comeback artist they eliminated earlier this season.
Related: Blake Shelton Crashes Grand Ole Opry for Surprise Performance
“When I had to let [this person] go, I knew I was going to catch some flak for and I did,” Shelton told Carson Daly on 97.1 AMP Radio. “It was one of those times where it's like, ‘Ah, I don't really want to look at Twitter, but it's kind of funny at the same time.' So, I looked and people were just like, ‘You idiot! I'm never watching the show! You suck! …And so does Carson!'”
“I knew I was bringing this person back and it's been a lot of fun to watch people freak out,” he added.
Hear the full interview now on 97.1 AMP Radio.
From time to time individuals come along whose experience, service history and education come together to provide a background suited to a local elected office. In this case that person is Amy Beckett Hurst who was recently elected for her first term on Falmouth City Council.
Amy Beckett Hurst is a lifelong resident of Pendleton County, 1989 graduate of Pendleton County High School and 1994 graduate of Northern Kentucky University. She received her Masters in Education and Rank I as a Reading Specialist, both from NKU. She has 23 years of teaching experience at Northern Elementary. Amy is married to Roger Hurst and they have one son, Fisher Kincaid Hurst.
To view more, please log in or subscribe to the digital edition.
Russian President and Presidential candidate Vladimir Putin arrives to vote at a polling station during Russia's presidential election in Moscow, Russia, Sunday, March 18, 2018. Putin's victory in Russia's presidential election Sunday isn't in doubt. The only real question is whether voters will turn out in big enough numbers to hand him a convincing mandate for his fourth term â€” and many Russian workers are facing intense pressure to do so. (Sergei Chrikov/Pool Photo via AP)
Russian President and Presidential candidate Vladimir Putin arrives to vote at a polling station during Russia's presidential election in Moscow, Russia, Sunday, March 18, 2018. Putin's victory in Russia's presidential election Sunday isn't in doubt. The only real question is whether voters will turn out in big enough numbers to hand him a convincing mandate for his fourth term â€” and many Russian workers are facing intense pressure to do so. (Sergei Chrikov/Pool Photo via AP)
MOSCOW (AP) - Vladimir Putin rolled to a crushing re-election victory Sunday for six more years as Russia's president, and he told cheering supporters in a triumphant but brief speech that "we are bound for success."
There had been no doubt that Putin would win in his fourth electoral contest; he faced seven minor candidates and his most prominent foe was blocked from the ballot.
His only real challenge was to run up the tally so high that he could claim an indisputable mandate.
With ballots from 80 percent of Russia's precincts counted by early Monday, Putin had amassed 76 percent of the vote. Observers and individual voters reported widespread violations including ballot-box stuffing and forced voting, but the claims are unlikely to dilute the power of Russia's longest-serving leader since Josef Stalin.
As the embodiment of Russia's resurgent power on the world stage, Putin commands immense loyalty among Russians. More than 30,000 crowded into Manezh Square adjacent to the Kremlin in temperatures of minus 10 (15 Fahrenheit) for a victory concert and to await his words.
Putin extolled them for their support - "I am a member of your team" - and he promised them that "we are bound for success."
Then he left the stage after speaking for less than two minutes, a seemingly perfunctory appearance that encapsulated the election's predictability.
Since he took the helm in Russia on New Year's Eve 1999 after Boris Yeltsin's surprise resignation, Putin's electoral power has centered on stability, a quality cherished by Russians after the chaotic breakup of the Soviet Union and the "wild capitalism" of the Yeltsin years.
But that stability has been bolstered by a suppression of dissent, the withering of independent media and the top-down control of politics called "managed democracy."
There were widespread reports of forced voting Sunday, efforts to make Russia appear to be a robust democracy.
Among them were two election observers in Gorny Shchit, a rural district of Yekaterinburg, who told The Associated Press they saw an unusually high influx of people going to the polls between noon and 2 p.m. A doctor at a hospital in the Ural mountains city told the AP that 2 p.m. was the deadline for health officials to report to their superiors that they had voted.
"People were coming in all at once, (they) were entering in groups as if a tram has arrived at a stop," said one of the observers, Sergei Krivonogov . The voters were taking pictures of the pocket calendars or leaflets that poll workers distributed, seemingly as proof of voting, he said.
Other examples from observers and social media included ballot boxes being stuffed with extra ballots in multiple regions; an election official assaulting an observer; CCTV cameras obscured by flags or nets from watching ballot boxes; discrepancies in ballot numbers; last-minute voter registration changes likely designed to boost turnout; and a huge pro-Putin sign in one polling station.
Election officials moved quickly to respond to some of the violations. They suspended the chief of a polling station near Moscow where a ballot-stuffing incident was reported and sealed the ballot box. A man accused of tossing multiple ballots into a box in the far eastern town of Artyom was arrested.
Overall national turnout was expected to be a little more than 60 percent, which would be several points below turnout in Putin's electoral wins in 2000, 2004 and 2012. He did not run in 2008 because of term limits, but was appointed prime minister, a role in which he was widely seen as leader.
Putin's most vehement foe, anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Navalny, was barred from running Sunday because he was convicted of fraud in a case widely regarded as politically motivated. Navalny and his supporters had called for an election boycott but the extent of its success could not immediately be gauged.
The election came amid escalating tensions with the West, with reports that Moscow was behind the nerve-agent poisoning this month of a former Russian double agent in Britain and that its internet trolls had waged an extensive campaign to undermine the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Britain and Russia last week announced expulsions of diplomats over the spy case and the U.S. issued new sanctions.
In his first public comments on the poisoning, Putin on Sunday referred to the allegations against Russia as "nonsense."
Moscow has denounced both cases as efforts to interfere in the Russian election. But the disputes likely worked in Putin's favor, reinforcing the official stance that the West is infected with "Russophobia" and determined to undermine both Putin and traditional Russian values.
The election took place on the fourth anniversary of the 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine, one of the most dramatic manifestations of Putin's drive to reassert Russia's power.
Crimea and Russia's subsequent support of separatists in eastern Ukraine led to an array of U.S. and European sanctions that, along with falling oil prices, damaged the Russian economy and slashed the ruble's value by half. But Putin's popularity remained strong, apparently buttressed by nationalist pride.
In his next six years, Putin is likely to assert Russia's power abroad even more strongly. Just weeks ago, he announced that Russia has developed advanced nuclear weapons capable of evading missile defenses. The Russian military campaign that bolsters the Syrian government is clearly aimed at strengthening Moscow's foothold in the Middle East, and Russia eagerly eyes any reconciliation on the Korean Peninsula as an economic opportunity.
At home, Putin must face how to groom a successor or devise a strategy to circumvent term limits, how to diversify an economy still dependent on oil and gas, and how to improve medical care and social services in regions far removed from the cosmopolitan glitter of Moscow.
Authorities struggled against voter apathy, putting many of Russia's nearly 111 million voters under intense pressure to cast ballots.
Yevgeny, a 43-year-old mechanic voting in central Moscow, said he briefly wondered whether it was worth voting.
"But the answer was easy ... if I want to keep working, I vote," he said, speaking on condition that his last name not be used out of fear his employer - the Moscow city government - would find out.
First-time voters in Moscow were given free tickets for pop concerts and health authorities were offering free cancer screenings.
Voters appeared to be turning in out in larger numbers Sunday than in the last presidential election in 2012, when Putin faced a serious opposition movement and there were instances of multiple voting, ballot stuffing and coercion.
Navalny, whose group also monitored the vote, dismissed Putin's challengers on Sunday's ballot as "puppets." He urged a boycott of the vote and vowed to continue defying the Kremlin with street protests.
Ukraine, insulted by the decision to hold the election on the anniversary of Crimea's annexation, refused to let ordinary Russians vote. Ukraine security forces blocked the Russian Embassy in Kiev and consulates elsewhere as the government protested the voting in Crimea, whose annexation is still not internationally recognized.
Ukrainian leaders are also angry over Russian support for separatists in eastern Ukraine, where fighting has killed at least 10,000 people since 2014.
Polls show that most Russians view the takeover of the Black Sea peninsula as a major achievement despite subsequent Western sanctions.
"Who am I voting for? Who else?" said Putin supporter Andrei Borisov, 70, a retired engineer in Moscow. "The others, it's a circus."
The Central Election Commission also claimed it had been the target of a hacking attempt from 15 unidentified nations that was deterred by authorities.
___
Associated Press writers Angela Charlton in Moscow, Nataliya Vasilyeva in Yekaterinburg and Yuras Karmanau in Minsk, Belarus, contributed to this report.
___
This story has been corrected to show that Yekaterinburg's mayor spoke on his video blog, not to The Associated Press.
___
See complete Associated Press coverage of the Russian election: https://www.apnews.com/tag/RussiaElection
Woods responds to Nicklaus' 'learn to win again' comments
Tiger Woods acknowledged Jack Nicklaus' comments on Wednesday after Peyton Manning praised the former world number one.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 23:56 IST 16 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Peyton Manning, Tiger Woods
Tiger Woods says he feels comfortable competing for tournament victories after Jack Nicklaus suggested he would have to "learn to win again".
Woods has been fighting to regain his best form after surgery on his back and has climbed from 656 to 83 in the world rankings, missing just one cut in eight starts since his return.
A second-place finish at the Valspar Championship is his best finish to date and Nicklaus, who hosts this week's Memorial Tournament, said: "We all have to learn how to win again."
Woods responded at his pre-tournament press conference, saying: "I think this understanding of what it takes to finish it off and get a W...I've been on runs where it came pretty easy, getting Ws, and other stretches where it was very difficult.
"This is a little different because I'm coming back off not really playing for a while, and I remember the feelings when I was at Valspar. I had a chance to win there, get second and it really felt comfortable.
"The last few times I had a chance I was up there on the board and I felt very comfortable."
Pro-am partner Peyton Manning, a two-time Super Bowl winner, also heaped praise on Woods after their round together on Wednesday, saying he was doing well and that he understands what it is like to try and come back after surgery.
"It's about being flexible, being adaptive," Manning said. "I couldn't throw the ball the same way after my injury. But you learn to use your experience and football intellect.
"Obviously, that's what he's doing. He's adjusted his game, his swing, using his experience and using other parts of his body to get some strength and power.
"Like I said, for a golf fan, it's great to see him back out here - and he sure is hitting the ball well today."
Canada's quest to open up the west and stories of the people who made it possible are going on display as part of a free travelling exhibit coming to the Waterloo Region Museum.
Called Journey of a Lifetime, the display here for only a short time Oct. 15-20, created by Calgary's Heritage Park aims to mark Canada's 150th anniversary by telling the story of the country's largest wave of immigration during the first half of the 20th century. It's when millions of newcomers from as far away as Asia, Ukraine, Britain and France arrived at eastern ports and boarded colonist cars that took them to prairies and beyond, hopeful of a new beginning.
According to the regional museum's supervisor of programs, Wendy Connell, the free exhibit delves into the “hopes and hardships" of the people themselves and features a theatrical presentation each day at 2 p.m. with the Quest Theatre Society. According to a brief synopsis, the performance written by Alberta playwright Winn Bray portrays characters Yosyp Lebedovich, the Cousineau family and Nellie Cole, as they face the challenges and rewards of following their dreams back in 1910.
The 1,200-square-foot exhibit is also centred around one of two wooden colonist cars believed to still be in existence.
Connell said there were more than 1,000 of the cars manufactured between 1884 and 1930 and that they were originally used to move military personnel during the First World War.
“Once the First World War was over they were switched over and used to move immigrants to open up the west,” she said.
The Calgary Museum chose to restore one of the cars with the help of funding from the governments of Calgary and Alberta, as well as the BMO Financial Group, which funded Canada's fist transcontinental railway, completed in 1885.
The railway united Canada as a nation and the exhibit also provides an opportunity for visitors to learn about the bank's role in settling Western Canada.
“We're so proud to be a part of bringing this exhibit to life, especially during a milestone year for the bank and Canada as a whole,” said Susan Brown, BMO's senior vice president for Alberta, in a press release.
“Heritage Park is excited to share Journey of a Lifetime with Canadians across the country,” says Alida Visbach, the museum's president and CEO. “This is a story about Canadian immigration, past and present, and one that will resonate with all Canadians; young or elderly, lifelong citizens or those who have just arrived.”
Volvo Launches The Latest Autonomous Cars Pilot In Sweden Enlarge Photo
A tangled web of state laws could make it more difficult to test self-driving cars soon, representatives from automotive companies told a congressional committee Tuesday.
Spokespeople from automakers such as General Motors, Toyota, and Volvo, and representatives from ride-sharing company Lyft and a leading think tank told a House committee that granting exemptions for self-driving cars to test on public roadways could help automakers and tech firms speed development.
“Everyone should have (self-driving cars) available to them," Lyft Vice President for Government Relations Joseph Okpaku told House Representatives.
According to testimony from a subcommittee of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, more than 50 bills are winding their way through state legislatures regarding self-driving cars, and although they haven't yet hampered development or testing, automakers say that they could soon.
Specifically, automakers are looking for relief from a Department of Transportation mandate that test vehicles meet minimum safety standards. Many of those standards include driver controls that automakers and ride-sharing services say are redundant and could add costs to development.
SEE MORE: BMW to begin testing self-driving cars this year
Anders Karrberg, a Volvo vice president for governmental affairs, said his company was preparing a full-size Volvo XC90 to be SAE Level 4 compliant by 2021. That would mean that the SUV could operate independently, without driver input or attention, on certain roadways in certain conditions.
Testing those cars could be difficult without a formalized waiver process from federal agencies that could allow Volvo to test that technology, regardless of state.
Automotive representatives told the committee that the technology could save thousands of lives if implemented, but added that the sensors and software could add tens of thousands of dollars to the cars and would likely be initially reserved for fleet or ride-sharing services that could amortize the costs of those in their cars.
In September, the NHTSA issued preliminary guidelines for autonomous vehicles, but setting conditions for a waiver program to forgo some current mandates hasn't yet been finalized. House Representatives considered allowing some rules to be relaxed for certain conditions—i.e. whether the self-driving cars would be used on public roadways or on closed roads—while others would stay in place.
Virat Kohli captaincy record in Tests: Top 5 Test wins
India is presently unbeaten in a Test series under Virat Kohli
by Sabyasachi Chowdhury Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 10:33 IST
A victorious Indian team after their series victory against Sri Lanka
After Mahendra Singh Dhoni bid adieu to Test Cricket in December 2014, Virat Kohli took over the leadership role. While there were no doubts about his credentials with the willow, there were speculations regarding the manner in which he would embrace the captain's role.
It's almost been three years and Kohli is yet to lose a Test series. In 29 games, the Indian team boasts of a win percentage of 64.29 with 18 victories under the captaincy of the swashbuckling batsman from New Delhi.
In our article, we have figured out five of his best wins as the skipper of the Indian Test team
#5 India vs Sri Lanka- August 2015 - Colombo
India didn't have the greatest of starts in the Test series against Sri Lanka, when their batting collapsed while chasing a modest target in the fourth innings of the first test.
Kohli was pretty new to Test leadership and the road forward in the series was an opportunity for him to manifest his mettle and temperament.
He did it in style and guided India to a rampaging victory by a staggering margin of 278 runs in the second Test at Colombo. After setting the Lankans a target of 412 runs, India shot them out for 134 runs to draw level in the series.
Although the Indian skipper failed in the second innings, he compiled a breezy knock of 78 runs from 107 balls that included eight classical boundaries and a monstrous six.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
RSPCA officers in the Bristol area have said they are facing an equine crisis, as the number of rescued horses reaches a four-year high.
Worried members of the public phoned the charity 321 times in 2017 to complain about 265 horses in Bristol and Somerset.
The figures released by the RSPCA highlight the plight of horses as animal rescuers and welfare charities struggle to cope with an ongoing equine crisis.
The problem faced by the charity is highlighted in a number of sickening reports of terrible cruelty inflicted on horses over the past year.
In December we reported on a shocking incident where a South Gloucestershire man was caught on camera viciously hitting a young horse in the face with a piece of wood.
The man was banned from keeping equines for life after he admitted causing unnecessary suffering to a pony in May 2017 by inflicting blunt force trauma and physical violence.
In October, Crumpet the pony was tied up and mutilated by a sick individual in a disgusting attack which took place in a barn in Weston-Super-Mare.
April saw another upsetting report, where sadists slashed horses with knives before leaving them to die in a burning stable in Withywood.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Luckily the owners returned in time, but the two horses had suffered severe smoke inhalation, burns to their bodies and horrific knife wounds to their faces.
Sadly, mistreatment of horses is on the rise across the country.
The charity's new cruelty statistics reveal that nearly 1,000 horses were rescued by the charity from cruelty, suffering and neglect last year (2017), and a staggering 880 horses are still in the charity's care.
The national horse crisis, which charities first highlighted in 2012, has since seen RSPCA officers routinely called out to abandoned horses every day up and down the country, with many of them extremely sick, dead or dying on arrival.
The crisis in figures The charity's 24-hour emergency line received more than 80 calls a day about horses in 2017
The charity took in the highest number of horses into its care for four years (980)
The charity currently has more than 880 (TBC) in its care
Last year the RSPCA secured 25% more convictions for equine offences than two years ago.
It costs the RSPCA more than £3m per year to care for the horses, excluding veterinary cost
The RSPCA's Inspectorate National Equine Co-Ordinator Christine McNeil said: “We've been talking about the horse crisis for several years now, but the truth is the situation is just as severe today as when it started. Last year (2017) we took in more horses than we have in the past four years, and with our inspectors being called to rescue more and more every week, we are stretched to the limits.
“Up and down England and Wales, horses are being found sick, dying or sometimes dead and it is frequently the case that they have been abandoned and left for dead. This is upsettingly very common and it's a massive issue - a very sad one at that. We are constantly receiving calls to our cruelty line - on average 80 per day about horses alone - as well as messages every day on social media from very concerned and upset people asking for our help.
“Many of the calls we receive from people who are concerned about a horse have found them being illegally fly-grazed - where horses are moved from place to eat the grass there, often without the permission of the landowner.
“We are also frequently called about tethered horses, where the animals are kept secured to a peg in the ground on unfenced land with a rope or chain. We do not agree with tethering but sadly there is nothing we can do as this practice remains legal.”
Last year the RSPCA once again dealt with shocking cases of horrific cruelty and neglect, securing 1,492 convictions under the Animal Welfare Act.
The number of convictions the RSPCA secured after investigating cruelty and neglect to horses in England has risen by 25% in two years, with convictions relating to horse accounting for 15% of the total number of convictions secured by the RSPCA in 2017.
New beginnings
Formerly known as Rhodesia, Zimbabwe got its new name in 1980. The country was named after the Great Zimbabwe monument, an ancient stone city that was occupied by the ancestors of the Shona people between the 11th and 15th centuries. The name Zimbabwe is derived from Shona words “dzimba dzemabwe,” which translate to “houses of stone.”
The country wasn't the only thing that got a new name. In 1982, many towns, cities, streets, and other places were renamed in a bid to reflect the new times and remove remnants of colonialism. Salisbury, the capital city – which had been named after a former British Prime Minister, Lord Salisbury – was renamed Harare after a Zimbabwean chief, Neharawa. Roads that bore names of colonial figures were renamed after liberation war heroes, and historical figures, including Joshua Nkomo, Herbert Chitepo, Leopold Takawira, Jason Moyo, Robert Mugabe, Kagubi, and Nehanda. Other streets were named after regional leaders, such as Tanzania's Julius Nyerere, Kenneth Kaunda of Zambia, Samora Machel of Mozambique, and Ghana's Kwame Nkrumah.
The learning opportunities grant distributes about $179 per student to schools in needy areas, while fundraising brings in an average of $280 per student. School-generated funds are used to bring in scientists or artists for enrichment programming, purchase extra computers or better gym equipment, for example. Melissa Renwick / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
Schools in more affluent areas across Ontario continue to raise so much money that they bring in almost $200 million more than what the government provides to lower-income communities to try and make up the gap. An analysis of the province's education funding formula, to be released Monday, says the “learning opportunities grant” distributes about $179 per student to schools in needy areas, while fundraising brings in $548 million to boards, or an average of $280 per student. “School-based fundraising significantly reverses the impact of the (grant) on school boards' resources,” says the report commissioned by the Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario to mark the 20th anniversary of drastic changes to how the education system was funded. It notes that the boards that receive less grant money for needy schools actually bring in more than the $280 average, and those that receive the most in learning opportunity grants, or LOGs, bring in much less than the average. “Even these numbers radically understate the upside-down equity driven by school-based fundraising … at the school level, the gap between at-risk programming needs and local fundraising potential will inevitably be even starker,” says the report by economist Hugh Mackenzie.
Article Continued Below
The provincial funding formula, introduced by the Conservative government back in 1997, not only took more than a billion dollars out of the system, it also took taxing powers away from individual school boards. It continues to come under fire for flaws that unions and parent groups have urged the Liberals to fix. The Liberal government has poured billions more into education, now spending $23 billion, or $12,107 per student, when adjusted for inflation, the report notes. Ontario now ranks fifth in Canada in per-student spending.
The report, however, notes much of the additional money has been spent on class size reductions, and full-day kindergarten. Both of those initiatives have benefitted elementary teachers and created thousands of jobs. Overall, the report says whether special education, English-as-a-Second-Language students or school maintenance, these areas “have all been underfunded for two decades.” “We are not surprised by the findings,” said Sam Hammond, president of the Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario — the country's largest teacher union — in an interview. “It's telling in terms of the compounded problems that have been caused since 1997.” Despite changes to special education funding, some boards continue to spend millions more than they receive to deliver programming. “We acknowledge that the Liberals have put money into it …but every year the funding has changed, it has been inadequate,” he said. “Boards are struggling every year to balance their budgets; they are struggling to get enough resources and enough money into special education programming to support students with special needs. “And even with changes that the Liberals put in most recently, even under that, there are still boards that lost out on millions of dollars.” Teachers have been warning about this “for a number of years now,” Hammond added. “There's been a consistent decline in the supports and resources with regards to special education programs at the same time as we see increases in the numbers of students requiring those levels of support.” In June, the government did make a move to address the problem, with Education Minister Mitzie Hunter announcing an extra $219 million into a fund for boards to hire a total of 875 teachers and 1,600 education workers. Hammond said the Liberals were the biggest critics of the funding formula and promised a full review, which has not been done, and the union is now asking for an evaluation of the funding system every five years. ETFO is also recommending the government increase funding for children with special education needs and mental health issues and hire external reviewers to examine how it allocates money in this area. The union would also like the province to pitch in more money for counselors, psychologists, social workers and speech therapists, which they say are lacking in the system now and leading to long wait lists. Previous series by the Star have highlighted how parent fundraising has grown over the years in Greater Toronto, coming to fill in the funding gaps in some schools. In Toronto public schools in 2013, the average for school-generated funds was $118 per elementary school, and the lowest in the Greater Toronto area. Almost-two thirds of schools are below $100 per child. The York Region Catholic board, however, was averaging $358 per student. School-generated funds include fundraising events, payments for field trips and cafeteria sales, among other things, and are used to bring in scientists or artists for enrichment programming, purchase extra computers or better gym equipment.
A portrait of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln made with more than 24,000 pennies is among the top prizes in the ninth annual international ArtPrize competition in western Michigan.
"A. Lincoln" by Richard Schlatter was awarded one of two $200,000 grand prizes Friday following a public vote. For the other, a jury of experts selected Seitu Jones' "The Heartside Community Meal," which welcomed 250 residents to a 300-foot table in Grand Rapids' Heartside Park last month for a healthy, locally grown meal.
An additional $100,000 in prizes was split among the top entries in various categories.
More than 1,300 artists from 47 countries and 41 U.S. states entered this year's international competition. Their works were displayed publicly throughout Grand Rapids over 19 days.
The venues will remain open through Sunday evening.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Updated Controversial data analytics firm Cambridge Analytics has been hit with an emergency data seizure order following an extraordinary series of events Monday night that revolved around a TV undercover expose.
Following a day in which the company became the focus on attention online, in print, and in Parliament and Congress for its unethical use of user data, senior executives from the firm were then shown on camera boasting about the use of dark methods, including honey traps, fake news and sub-contracting with ex-spies to entrap individuals.
Those revelations – filmed during an undercover investigation by Channel 4 in the UK – came as the controversial company was already in the news after it was revealed it had secretly grabbed the personal details of over 50 million Facebook users and used the data to sell voter targeting services. The whole segment can be seen here:
Youtube Video
Following the segment on those secret recordings, UK Information Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said she would seek a warrant on Tuesday forcing Cambridge Analytica to hand over relevant data, after she said the company had refused to respond sufficiently to earlier requests.
Adding to a sense of drama, as Denham was on television saying she would apply for the warrant, a Channel 4 reporter posted outside the company's headquarters reported that a team from Facebook was inside the building ensuring that their purloined data had been deleted.
That series of events sparked one senior politician, live on air, to outline his concern that the company could be deleting incriminating data as they were talking. Soon after, other journalists and politicians expressed their dismay at the two-day lead-time that a company that has just been shown to be unscrupulous and may have committed criminal acts was being given to delete any evidence of wrongdoing.
Here we come
Less than an hour after the program aired, the authorities announced they had received a warrant to search Cambridge Analytica's offices that very night.
As to the undercover investigation, Channel 4's reporters posed as Sri Lankan clients interested in paying the company to help their candidates in upcoming elections. Over the course of a series of meetings in London a series of senior executives outlined an increasingly disturbing array of services they would be willing to provide.
At an initial meeting with its managing director Mark Turnbull and chief data officer Dr Alex Tayler the pair talked about their infamous data analytics and profiling services as a way to identify potential swing voters.
But Turnbull also suggested that the company could provide "intelligence gathering" through "relationships and partnerships we have with specialist organizations", and said the company could provide information on a political opposition's secrets and strategies.
Such shadowy tactics were again offered at a subsequent meeting, with Turnbull saying Cambridge Analytica could "contract under a different name, or as a different entity" so no trace of the company's involvement could be found.
He then appeared to prove that ability to hide in the shadows by discussing the company's work in Kenya. Despite publicly claiming that it had nothing to do with elections in Kenya, Turnbull was caught on tape boasting about the significant role the company had played.
"We have rebranded the entire party twice, written their manifesto… messaging… just about every element of his campaign," he boasted.
Turnbull stressed however that it was "not in the business of fake news, lying, making stuff up, not in the business of entrapment."
But then...
That ethical line appeared to disappear however when the undercover journalists met with Cambridge Analytica's chief executive Alexander Nix.
Nix was caught on film outlining a series of extremely dubious and many cases illegal scenarios for dealing with political opponents. They included bribing officials and candidates – "we can have a wealthy developer come in and offer a large amount of money to a candidate - for land, for example" - and film the transaction in order to expose them as corrupt.
He also suggested that the company could arrange for a honey-trap – sending young women to operate a sex sting – while stressing that he was "just giving examples of what can be done, what has been done."
He also appeared to embrace the idea of creating and promoting fake news – an extremely sensitive topics given the evidence that fake news was used extensively in the US presidential elections in 2016 – noting that "it doesn't have to be true, it just has to be believed."
In response to what appeared to be clear evidence that Cambridge Analytica was prepared to carry out dirty tricks campaigns, the company said that its executives made the suggestions as a tactical ploy to see if the potential client was ethical.
The company also claimed that it "grave concerns" about the client, implying that it would not do business with him. But, as a member of the Channel 4 investigation team pointed out soon after, the company had been in contact with their team for months after the filming and had kept asking about their "impending partnership."
The company said in a statement: "We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment, bribes, or so-called 'honey-traps' for any purpose whatsoever," adding that it "routinely undertakes conversations with prospective clients to try to tease out any unethical or illegal intentions."
That explanation does not seem to be going down well with the authorities. As well as being accused of misleading a UK parliamentary select committee, there are now calls for Facebook and Cambridge Analytica to be hauled in front of committees in both UK Parliament and US Congress to explain their behavior.
Senator Ron Wyden has sent a Facebook a list of questions [PDF] about its relationship with Cambridge Analytica and its policies, included a pointed reference to an agreement the social media giant reached with the FTC in 2011 over how it protected its users' privacy. ®
Updated to add
Facebook has announced its auditors have stopped whatever they were doing in Cambridge Analytica's offices:
Independent forensic auditors from Stroz Friedberg were on site at Cambridge Analytica's London office this evening. At the request of the UK Information Commissioner's Office, which has announced it is pursuing a warrant to conduct its own on-site investigation, the Stroz Friedberg auditors stood down.
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Passengers were forced to leave their buses after a shunt collision which left a rear window smashed.
The crash happened on Monday morning, March 19, at a bus stop at Clifton Down Station when a number 1 bus was hit by another bus travelling behind.
A passenger, who asked not to be named, said the rear window of the number 1 bus she was travelling on was smashed by the wing mirror of the vehicle behind.
She added passengers got off both buses, with some getting on other services while others walked off.
The passenger said: “There was a huge thud and the sound of cracking. I don't think anyone was quite sure what happened at first, but passengers at the back of the bus started to leave and it soon became obvious something had gone into the back of us.
“Luckily, it wasn't serious and no one was hurt. I'm not sure if it was snow related or just a misjudged manoeuvre, but either way, it's not what you need on a Monday morning.”
A yellow weather warning was in place for Monday for ice after snowfall over the weekend.
First Bus has been asked for comment.
An 80-year-old taxi driver suffered broken bones after he was run over by a pickup truck as he lay pinned under his cab on Sippewissett Road in Falmouth early Monday morning, Cape Cod. com reported.
James Sawyer is listed in stable condition in the Boston Medical Center after he was flown from Falmouth Hospital by a MedFlight helicopter.
Falmouth police said Sawyer became pinned under his cab at about 6 a.m. when he stepped from the vehicle to help a fare. He inadvertently left the vehicle in reverse, and when the car started to roll away Sawyer tried to get into it, slipped and fell under the cab. He was pinned under the vehicle with his legs sticking out into the southbound lanes of Sippewissett Road. That's when a dark-colored Silverado pickup truck ran over his legs and continued on.
Police are trying to find the truck driver. They say he may not have even realized he had struck Sawyer.
They described the truck as a 2000 to 2007 Chevrolet Silverado with possibly some front-end damage.
Police said Sawyer suffered no-life threatening injuries and is expected to recover.
As the TTC plots ways to increase its ridership, the chair of the transit agency is warning that the organization will have to be innovative if it's to compete with the likes of Uber. Like many transit agencies in North America, ridership on the TTC has stopped growing. After more than a decade of continuous growth, since 2014 the number of trips taken each year on the TTC has remained stuck at about 535 million per year. The agency budgeted to carry 545 million passengers in 2017, but is now expecting to fall 10 million short of that target. To combat the problem, the TTC plans to release a five-year ridership growth strategy next month. A report that went before the TTC board Monday provided a preview of the strategy, and outlined the challenge the agency is facing. It blamed flattening ridership in part on lower than expected employment growth, which historically is closely tied to ridership levels. But changing trends in the way people get around, including the rise of “digital ride-hailing” services like Uber, is also a likely culprit. TTC Chair Josh Colle said that while in the past the agency could reliably attract more riders by simply adding more buses and streetcars to the road, the situation is now more complicated.
Article Continued Below
“Our potential customer now can use car-sharing, ride-sharing, bike, walk, transit, and they want to have that at their disposal. So we have to provide a service offering that recognizes that range of choice,” he said in an interview. “Does that mean different vehicles? Does that mean different routing? Does that mean different service hours?” he asked. For the first time, the TTC is already undertaking detailed analysis of its customers, taking into account factors like family status, income, age and education, in order to determine how it can make public transit more attractive than other forms of transportation.
Although there is no hard data for Toronto, the TTC report cited U.S. studies that found ride-hailing apps like Uber have had “a direct negative effect on intracity transit.” Uber makes 2 million trips in the Greater Toronto Area each month. The average wait time for an Uber car is less than five minutes, which is better than on many TTC routes. Transit agency staff believe at least some of the Uber journeys are replacing trips that would otherwise be taken on the TTC. The TTC ridership growth strategy was originally supposed to be published in the third quarter of last year, but has been delayed. It will now be released at a public strategy meeting on Jan. 25. The report debated Monday didn't provide specific recommendations, but said the agency could boost ridership by 1 per cent by addressing current “pain points” for riders, including improving reliability on major downtown routes. A 2-per-cent boost could be achieved by adding more “flexible fare options and transforming surface travel to make it the optimal choice.” A 5-per-cent boost would require major investments like expanding the network and investing in significant service upgrades. Councillor Joe Mihevc, who sits on the TTC board, cautioned that despite the increased transportation options at residents' disposal in the 21st century, the agency shouldn't stray far from the “tried and true principles” that have historically been used to attract more customers. “It's pretty basic stuff. It's around more service, at a cheaper price, and there's some elbow room on the vehicle,” he said. There are already projects underway that will increase the TTC's capacity in the coming years, including automatic train control being installed on Line 1 by 2019, the 2020 opening of the McNicoll Garage, which will allow the agency to add 100 buses to its fleet, and the Eglinton Crosstown LRT, which should enter service in 2021. The TTC board has also already approved one measure that was expected to be part of the growth strategy: timed transfers. The policy will allow customers unlimited travel on a single fare within a two-hour window, and is planned to be in place by next August. The policy is expected to cost $20.9 million and add 5 million rides a year once it's fully phased in. It's currently unfunded. —
Read more about:
IMPORTANT: My husband has always supported me in everything that I've wanted to do, yesterday began a new adventure for us. Joshua left for basic training to serve in our military and serve his Country. Saying I'm proud doesnt scratch the surface of how I feel. I love his heart and the man that he is more and more every single day. I married up in every way. Please keep him in your prayers, thank you all for the support… prayers to all the families who have a loved one who serve. Im thankful today for my HERO Josh and the best Valentine a wife could ask for. Miss you already ❤
A post shared by 🦄 R A E L Y N N 🦄 (@raelynnofficial) on Feb 14, 2017 at 7:10am PST
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With the NHS brought to its knees by eight years of Tory austerity, millions of Brits are so worried they would dip into their own pockets to rescue it.
In a clear message to Theresa May that people are fed up with her crippling our cherished service, 63% said they will happily pay an extra 1% tax to secure its survival.
It would raise an extra £5.5billion and cost those on the average wage of £27,600 just £3.50 a week.
And 73% of those quizzed in a Mirror poll by ­Survation, would give up an £1 a week to keep the NHS free and out of the clutches of the private health firms circling like vultures.
That would bring in £2.75billion a year.
More than half said they would part with £2 a week.
(Image: Getty)
A third would pay £5, raising £13.75billion.
It comes as thousands of campaigners are preparing for a save the NHS march in London tomorrow.
Shadow Health ­Secretary ­Jonathan Ashworth said: “This Mirror poll confirms again that the British public just don't trust the Tories with the NHS.
“Eight years of ­underfunding has left services overstretched and patients at risk.
"Around the country ­brilliant NHS staff are going the extra mile to keep the service running but are being let down by this ­government.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Getty)
Dr Tony O'Sullivan, a retired ­paediatrician and co-chair of Keep Our NHS Public, added: “The essence of the NHS is that it is publicly funded in a ­democratic way through ­taxation so everyone benefits from it at their time of need, and pay for it when able to.
“The public's ­willingness to support the NHS has never wavered, as this poll shows, and it is evident that the Government's refusal to fund it ­properly while privatising it is an ideological decision.”
Lib Dem health spokesman Norman Lamb added: “Governments worry a tax rise will alienate voters, but this poll is evidence the public are willing to make a bigger contribution to sustain our treasured institution.”
(Image: E+)
The Royal College of ­Nursing's Donna Kinnair added: “The NHS is buckling under the strain of chronic underfunding.
“There is just not enough money in the system and it's clear ministers are ­significantly out of touch.
“The public would rather give the NHS £1 extra each week then let the current situation go on for much longer.”
People are so angry at the Tory's attempt at destroying the service, many will join ­Saturday's People's Assembly and Health Campaigns ­Together to Fix The NHS march on Downing St to demonstrate.
Would you pay £1 extra a week to fund the NHS? Daily Mirror/Survation
(Image: Getty)
Supported by the Mirror, it was provoked by the winter crisis in hospitals, which organisers say has “now descended into a perpetual year-round” problem.
Our poll also found 57% of people were prepared generally to pay more tax to better fund the NHS. Even 48% of Tory voters said they would cough up more for the NHS as opposed to 40% who said no.
Among Labour voters, 71% backed higher tax with 20% disagreeing.
Would you pay 1% extra in tax if it was spent on the NHS Daily Mirror/Survation
(Image: Getty)
And there were regional ­variations, with 37% of Londoners preferring health insurance and only 29% more taxes. In the north, 57% backed taxation and only 11% insurance.
Our survey found 80% of people believed cosmetic surgery should be paid for by those who can afford it.
And 60% said operations to tackle obesity should not be free.
But most felt ­cataracts and hip surgery are among those that should not be means-tested.
The People's Assembly and Health Campaigns Together to Fix The NHS assembles at 12pm Gower Street, Central, London, WC1. See thepeoplesassembly.org.uk/nhs_fix_it
Combining social care and the NHS will help avoid another winter crisis and save lives
By Andy Burnham, former Labour Health Secretary
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
The NHS is battling through a difficult winter once again. Claims the NHS was ‘more prepared than ever before' ring hollow with patients who had their operations cancelled at the last minute, or waited on trolleys in corridors in busy A&E departments.
Tens of thousands of people are preparing to take to the streets tomorrow to show solidarity and support for our wonderful NHS staff and to remind ministers that we will not accept them being taken for granted.
A winter crisis shouldn't be inevitable. We should never be close to the situation we continually find ourselves in.
In Greater Manchester, where devolution has given us control of our local health spending, we're already seeing a real difference.
By bringing social care and the NHS together, we have reduced delayed discharges from hospital by a third over the last year – which means roughly 100 patients a day are going home sooner.
But we can only do so much.
(Image: Science Photo Library RM)
Few would disagree that we need to find more money for both the NHS and social care.
Some have put forward the idea of an ‘NHS and Care Convention' to make recommendations on the long-term funding of health and social care.
My worry is that this is a convenient way of putting difficult issues off until another day while the NHS slips further into trouble.
We don't have the luxury of time to wait for yet another report. Kicking the issue of health and care funding into the long-grass will do nothing to prevent next winter's crisis, or the winter after that.
I'm happy to put my cards on the table. I still believe that social care should be funded on the same basis as the NHS. This would see a system in which everybody contributes and has the peace of mind of knowing that all of their care needs are covered.
Whatever the solution is, we need it now. Lives are truly at stake and, the longer that we delay this decision, the harder it will be to rescue our NHS.
The NHS needs more money - but there needs to be a serious debate
By Stephen Dorrell, Former Conservative Health Secretary
(Image: Rex)
There is no doubt that the NHS, along with other public services, needs more money, but we need a serious debate.
Most of us care about our families and our neighbours, and believe support and care should be available to them when age or disability mean they cannot provide for themselves.
We expect our governments to reflect those values in policy.
We all know the number of older people and disabled people is rising, meaning rising demand for health and care services.
Alongside these increasing demands are opportunities to improve efficiency. But we should not pretend improving efficiency is the whole answer. It never has been in this, or any other, country.
(Image: Getty)
Health and care services account for a growing share of every nation's economy.
So the underlying challenge to the political class is simple.
Are they willing to allow funding for health and care to grow, not for a headline, but as a long-term commitment to meet the needs of sick, elderly and dependent people?
Are they willing to commit the serious effort required to understand what level of additional resources is needed?
The NHS has been built on a cross-party commitment to giving fair access to high quality healthcare. There has always been debate about resourcing and methods of delivery.
But there has also been a willingness, in all parties, to understand longer-term trends in demand and delivery of care.
That requires a serious discussion about resources and how services need to change to get the best outcomes.
(Image: Getty)
That is why the NHS Confederation has undertaken a fundamental analysis of long-term demand trends in health.
It will be published in June, as a backdrop for the NHS's 70th anniversary celebrations this summer.
It will describe the resources required to sustain our health and care services and lay down the gauntlet for politicians.
Do they recognise that demand for health and care services will continue to grow faster than the economy and will therefore continue to take a rising share of GDP? Will they explain how these services will be paid for in future?
Or do they prefer to explain which needs will not be met?
Politicians who do not confront these questions head-on should not – and increasingly just will not – be taken seriously.
Newcastle signs goalkeeper Dubravka on permanent deal
Newcastle signs goalkeeper Dubravka on permanent deal
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018, 02:29 IST 335 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
PRAGUE (AP) — Newcastle has completed the permanent signing of goalkeeper Martin Dubravka from Sparta Prague.
Sparta and Newcastle confirmed the transfer on Wednesday after the Premier League club activated an option to sign the 29-year-old Slovak, who joined the Magpies on loan in January.
Newcastle says Dubravka signed a contract until June 2022.
The goalkeeper had an impressive debut for Newcastle in a 1-0 victory over Manchester United and played 12 league matches overall.
Newcastle manager Rafa Benítez says: "We're delighted to finalize the permanent signing of Martin to Newcastle United today. Ever since he arrived with us on loan he has shown a fantastic attitude and great work ethic, and of course we have been very impressed with his performances for us on the pitch last season."
Dubravka has played 10 internationals for Slovakia.
Another day, another case of women being shamed for what they're wearing. Honestly, how is this still a thing? This time it's Amanda Holden's Britain's Got Talent dress causing chatter online. On Tuesday night, the 47-year-old stepped onto the BGT stage wearing a sheer black gown by João Rôlo Couture. Although the dress should have garnered attention for its gorgeous tiered design, it instead raised eyebrows by revealing Holden's black bra and knickers.
Why is this such a big deal? Because apparently, the British public can't handle seeing a grown woman's underwear on live TV. Criticising Holden for choosing a "racy" outfit before the 9 p.m. watershed, several people took to Twitter to express their dismay.
"The look tonight Amanda isn't your normal delicate self. Fantastic figure, but hmmm, family show," one woman tweeted, while another said it was "a bit much for a 7.30 show!" Yet another said that Holden's dress was "seriously not appropriate for a family show."
This isn't the first time that Holden's wardrobe has drawn in complaints. Last year, as the Evening Standard reported, Ofcom revealed that a plunging dress she wore on a 2017 episode of BGT was the most complained about thing on TV. Earning a total of 663 complaints, the dress — which was slit down to Holden's navel — beat the "crude" Comic Relief show and a violent episode of Emmerdale. That's right. More people thought that their children would be negatively affected by a woman's body than by violence and swearing.
I have one question: When is the world going to stop judging women for the clothes they wear? Even respected publications are getting in on the act. Earlier this year, The New York Times published an Op-ed in which the writer argued that women over the age of 30 should refrain from wearing yoga pants (or leggings to us Brits) "that threaten to show every dimple and roll."
The writer appeared to have fallen straight into the trap of assuming that a woman's sole function in life is to please those around her with her appearance. That any kind of clothing deemed unflattering by society should be banned from a woman's wardrobe without a second thought.
That being said, the conversation around Holden's dress will surely not be shocking to many women today. The majority of women living in the modern world have been victims of catcalling. (It's become such a problem that France is in the process of passing a law that will see catcallers fined up to €750 on the spot.) Most of us only have to walk out the door of our houses wearing a skirt to receive unwanted glances and hear derogatory comments.
Ronald Martinez/Getty Images Sport/Getty Images
I can only imagine how amplified that is when you're a celebrity; a person watched by the world. You see, it isn't just TV personalities like Holden who are shamed day in, day out. Global superstars admit to feeling the effects of body and fashion-shaming.
In 2017, Lady Gaga performed a kickass Super Bowl halftime show. Wearing a football-inspired look that consisted of teeny tiny hotpants and a padded crop top, people pointed out the flesh that was visible on Gaga's stomach. Even prominent designer Stefano Gabbana admitted to body-shaming the 32-year-old in an Instagram post, later backtracking by saying he "was wrong."
Gaga said she was "proud of [her] body," but should she have had to? Definitely not. Neither should Emma Watson who, after receiving criticism for daring to go braless in a Vanity Fair shoot, was forced to say, in an interview with Reuters, that her outfit choice didn't undermine her work as a feminist. Or Modern Family star Ariel Winter who, despite being only 20 years old, has had to spend considerable time responding to people on Twitter who called her "a whore" for wearing tight dresses and short shorts.
Vivien Killilea/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Let's not waste precious time thinking of new and inventive ways to bring women down. Getting up in front of millions is an enormous amount of pressure. No one needs to go home to be met with judgmental comments. Celebrities are real people and it's about time all of us remembered that. Because the principle applies no matter who you are or where you're from: Women's clothing choices are only ever their business.
Amanullah Khan
Karachi
KSE-100 Index which had showed some sign of recovery once again hit by political noise stemmed from PANAMA case which dragged the index by 462 points here on Wednesday. The uncertainty continued to persist causing an impact on the confidence of the investors reflected in low market volumes of 255 million points when the market closed in red on a slashed level of 47608 points. According to market analysts the bearish trend expected to move alongwith volatile trading with flows i guiding the market direction while news flow pertaining to Panama investigations likely to keep participants to sit on the fence waiting for the time when the dust is settled down.
Meanwhile the Power-R was the volume leader of the day with a huge volume of 59 million shares to its credit. The other two volume leaders were including the Bank of Punjab and Dost Steel with trade volumes of 19 million and 17 million shares to their credit respectively. The bearish trend affected the majority of the shares as the shares of 269 companies faced a decline while the shares of 81 companies remained positive.
Over 8,000 Ethiopians have crossed into neighboring Kenya to seek asylum after government troops killed at least nine civilians in the border town of Moyale, says the International Red Cross.
The Kenyan part of Moyale town is staring at a possible humanitarian crisis. The town straddles the porous Ethiopian-Kenyan border and the number of refugees fleeing a military operation in Ethiopia is rising by the hour. Education has been crippled in the Kenyan town as schools closed down to host the asylum seekers. Some people are nursing gunshot wounds and humanitarian agencies are calling for urgent assistance.
At Kenya's Moyale Hospital, doctors have been overwhelmed by the number of people seeking treatment for gunshot wounds. Public health officer Sacha Tacho describes the situation: “We have another very sick patient in the ward, with a bullet in the neck, the bullet is still in the neck and we cannot remove it here in Moyale.”
Solomon Gubo, the Deputy Governor of Moyale County, says that they are helping the refugees to settle in, but it is proving to be a challenge especially due to the heavy rains and insufficient humanitarian assistance. “There is no housing, there is no food; that is the challenge we are facing as of now,” says Gubo.
A military operation that started almost one week ago triggered the sudden influx of people from Ethiopia. The government in Addis Ababa had announced the deployment of soldiers to the Moyale area, saying that they were pursuing fighters of the Oromo Liberation Front, which the government has banned as a terrorist group.
According to the government-run Ethiopian News Agency, some soldiers then launched an attack based on a faulty intelligence report. The forces reportedly killed at least nine people and injured 12. The government has said it has now disarmed five of the officers involved and declared that they would now face an investigation and military court.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Straight-talking Javier ­Hernandez has no qualms about putting the record straight.
Yes, he did ask to leave West Ham last month.
Yes, he did consider offers from rival Premier League clubs.
Stuck on the bench with a place in Mexico's World Cup squad this summer at stake, the former Manchester United striker feared he had little option.
West Ham's no-nonsense fans — no strangers to calling it as they see it — will surely appreciate his disarming honesty.
Yet how quickly things change.
(Image: Carl Fox)
(Image: Carl Fox)
Denied an exit because of injury to Andy Carroll and Diafra Sakho's ­departure to Rennes, Hernandez is determined to give his all for David Moyes on the run-in to help keep the club away from the drop zone.
“Yes, it was the case that I wanted to go,” said the 29-year-old, who only joined the Hammers in the summer. “Not because I don't like West Ham, but because I need to have minutes on the pitch.
“The World Cup is just around the corner and I want to play. But you can see that, even though my agent says I want to go, I have been doing everything I can in a West Ham shirt to help the team.
(Image: Carl Fox)
“Against Bournemouth I scored a goal, I tried to play pretty well in the Cup [going the full 90 minutes in their loss at Wigan last weekend] and, in the last game, against Crystal Palace, I tried to do my best.
“I am a very ­professional guy and I want to do that.
“Words can come and go. Your acts are going to speak for themselves. Now that the window is closed I am here and trying to achieve the main goals for the club, which is to be safe from relegation. Then, in the summer, we will see.”
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Hernandez is settled in ­London.
“How can I not be?” he said, before Saturday's relegation six-pointer away to Brighton. “Guadalajara, my home city, is one of the biggest in Mexico. I have always been in big cities.
“I feel good with the fans. I think they are happy with me. They have treated me very well since the beginning. But I want to be better. I want to deliver for them.”
Were there offers from rival clubs in England?
“In the Premier League, yes.”
Was he interested?
“I was ­interested, yes. In one.”
(Image: Reuters)
The man nicknamed ­Chicharito – Little Pea – won't ­elaborate, and is more focused on addressing the fears of worried Hammers fans.
“Obviously, they are concerned,” he said. “But what I see in the dressing room, what I feel, is that we want to be better. We all try to work very hard. We all want more points, more good results, to be higher in the table.
“We want to make the fans happier and we are trying. We are working hard and the season is not over yet.”
Hernandez spoke after training with new £10million striker Jordan Hugill, signed on Wednesday from Championship side Preston.
(Image: Getty)
“He is a very good football player,” he said. “He is confident and I understand his feelings. He has come to a Premier League club, so he is ambitious. He is very happy. He has transmitted that and, hopefully, can have a good career.”
Though he left Old Trafford in summer 2014, initially on loan, Hernandez continues to follow former club Man United's progress.
“One of my best friends in football is David De Gea,” he said. “United was my first European club. We won two titles and almost won the Champions League. We had good moments.
“I want them to have good times always. Same for Real Madrid and ­Leverkusen.
(Image: West Ham United FC)
“I always want my old clubs to do well. But I have only one love in my life in football — my home club ­Chivas, in Guadalajara. The other clubs are my girlfriends.
“I love them in the moment I love them, then we say goodbye.
“Are the other clubs just jobs? Not jobs. They are like girlfriends. You like them, you love them. You give them your best, they give you the best – but it doesn't depend on them or me. You just ­separate.
“West Ham? They are my ­girlfriend right now!”
* Javier Hernandez was speaking on behalf of Betway, official principal sponsor of West Ham United.
Enter ‘4 To Score', Betway's free-to-play prediction game for the chance to win £25,000
betway.com/4toscore
OTTAWA — Days after it was unveiled, the space for the dedication plaque at the National Holocaust Monument is empty, marked only by boltholes.
The plaque's now in for a rewrite, after failing to mention Jews or the Jewish people, the prime targets of the Second World War genocide.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau dedicated the monument last week and complaints about the original plaque were quick to come.
Martin Sampson, of the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs, says the wording was noticed immediately and the government acknowledged the error.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MICHAEL J. MULLEN / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Phlebotomists from the Valley Blood Council of the American Red Cross take blood donations during a drive in memory of Patrick J. Marcinko Jr. at Lackawanna Heritage Apartments in Olyphant on Thursday. The Valley Blood Council of the American Red Cross volunteers Frank Smith and Paul Szymonski sign doners in at a blood drive in memory of Patrick J. Marcinko Jr. at Lackawanna Heritage Apartments in Olyphant Thursday Dec. 29. Michael J. Mullen / Staff Photographer
Schools on Christmas break, potential bad weather and the bustle of the holidays leave many blood banks around Northeast Pennsylvania short on supplies.
Now begins the time when local organizations, including the Red Cross of Northeast Pennsylvania and Geisinger Blood Center, are seeking blood donations to restock.
After New Year's, the Geisinger Medical Center Blood Bank begins to notice low blood supply levels, said Debbie Marasco, blood bank technical expert.
With schools, including high schools and colleges, on break, there is a lull in blood drives, said Ms. Marasco and Patty Corvaia of the Red Cross.
To maintain its supply, the Red Cross must receive 14,000 units of blood per day, said Ms. Corvaia, the blood services region's communications manager for the Red Cross, which supplies 2,600 hospitals across the nation. Blood donated to Geisinger stays in the organization's network of hospitals and clinics.
Ms. Corvaia encourages those who wish to donate to contact local Red Cross representatives.
“Donating one pint of blood is so important,” she said.
Ms. Marasco reassured those who are nervous about donating blood that the process is simple and relatively painless. It takes about 45 minutes, she said; donors should drink lots of fluids the previous day and the morning before donating, and eat breakfast.
“Each donation can save up to three lives,” Ms. Marasco said, adding that blood donations make three products — red cells, platelets and plasma.
The Red Cross provides blood to 40 percent of the nation, said Ms. Corvaia, including hospitals and transfusion centers. Although supplies are low during the holidays, more than 8,000 blood donations were collected in Northeast Pennsylvania in 2016, according to the organization.
“I encourage everyone to donate, if you're a person that likes to help your fellow man that can't afford to give money,” Ms. Marasco said. “This is something you can do. It's irreplaceable; there is no other substitute for blood.”
For details about donating blood or to find a donation center, visitwww.
geisingerbloodcenter.org or www.redcrossblood.org.
Contact the writer:
kbolus@timesshamrock.com
@kbolusTT on Twitter
A time to smolder and shine, Eid comes with a certain measure of expectation when we consider our beauty looks. With this in mind we look to Gucci's make-up artist, Kate Goodwin to discover how to get the perfect smoky eye and flawless finish for that definitive Eid make-up moment.
Prep.
After I prepare the skin with our Gucci Lightweight perfecting moisturiser I always use a pea-sized amount of Gucci Silk Priming Serum with a foundation brush to achieve a silky smooth, plump base ready for foundation.
Cover.
Gucci Satin Matt Liquid Foundation is wonderful as you can apply it with a brush or with a sponge for a slightly different finish. I like to use a brush for a medium coverage, but you can add more, or use the Gucci beauty blender to build it if you prefer a heavier look.
Expert tip: Blend it well from the centre of the face outwards, creating a flawless finish. I like to finish off fixing the foundation with a light dusting of our new Gucci Satin Matte Powder Foundation, this base will last all day and night.
Sculpt.
Our Gucci Sheer Blushing Powder in Spicy Petal is a soft and elegant tone, which really helps to lift the face. Just a soft sweep along the tops of the cheekbones and temples brings the face to life. When applying blusher always build gently and blend for a soft seamless finish. I have used the Golden Glow Bronzer in Indian Sand to softly shape and contour the cheeks and forehead.
Expert tip: The Magnetic Colour Shadow Mono in Sunstone is a great product to add highlight to the cheekbones and across the nose.
Colour.
The Gucci Magnetic Colour Shadow Quad in Tuscan Storm is wonderful for creating a neutral smoky eye. You have the choice of glitter, shimmer and satin textures. The matt taupe shade was used to create the outline shape of the eye, including the socket, whilst the darkest brown has been used to add definition.
The highlight shade was swept across the brow bone to lift the eye. I have used The Gucci Magnetic Colour Mono in Iconic Black just in the outer socket and on the outer corners, top and bottom. Using the blending brush in a circular motion, I blend upwards and outwards towards the temples elongating the eyes.
Expert tip: I added a wash of the Iconic bronze over the entire lid blending outwards from the outer socket to add lift to the eye.
Line.
Using the Power Liquid Liner draw a clean line across the eyelid, start thin at the inner lashes getting thicker as you take the liner outwards towards the corner of the eye, finish the line with a feline flick to create an almond shape. This is a clean and fast way to achieve a soft smoky line around the entire eye, all you have to do is line the upper and lower eyelid and blend with a pencil brush.
Expert tip: Line the top and bottom waterline for intense definition.
Lift.
Finishing off an eye with mascara is key. Concentrate at root to create full lashes to really open up the eyes.
Finish.
To complement the smoky eyes I've chosen a nude tone lip. Our deep matte lipsticks give a matte appearance without drying the lips due to the emollient content. I have lined the lip with our sleek contouring lip pencil in Rose Dragée to give a fuller feel. I have filled it with the Deep Matte Lipstick in Exposure.
Gov. Charlie Baker on Monday defended the hiring practices at the Massachusetts Department of Revenue after a Boston Globe story reported that the state's former revenue chief hired several of his neighbors and friends.
The Globe reported that now-Administration and Finance Secretary Mike Heffernan, who used to lead the state revenue department, hired a half dozen of his friends, associates and former colleagues to jobs at the Department of Revenue. The Globe reported that some of them were hired during a hiring freeze.
"Every single one of those people was qualified to do their job," Baker said. "I have full confidence in Secretary Heffernan."
A previous Globe story reported on a friend of Heffernan hired into a data security job who had a background in finance but not technology. The individuals mentioned in the latest Globe story generally had strong private sector backgrounds, but also happened to be neighbors, friends or former colleagues of Heffernan.
Massachusetts Democratic Party Chairman Gus Bickford called for an independent investigation into the administration's hiring practices.
Asked about the story by reporters Monday, Baker pushed back against any notion that the hires were made because of cronyism rather than qualifications.
"Now we're getting to the point we're saying people who aren't from government, aren't in government, never served in government somehow are cronies?" Baker said. "Every one of those people was a highly respected performer in the private sector. Many of them are doing this because they were public spirited and wanted to do public service, and yeah, I have no problem with that."
When a reporter noted that many of the hires were from Heffernan's hometown of Wellesley, Baker responded, "So we're going to outlaw people from Wellesley working in the administration?"
"I don't have a problem with people who are qualified working in our administration. In fact, I think that should be our objective," Baker said. "What I have a problem with are people who aren't qualified."
Heffernan's job title has been corrected.
Lifestyle
By Linda Pecone
There are five places in the world which are referred to as “Blue Zones. These zones are where people live the longest, healthiest lives. These zones are Okinawa, Japan; Sardinia, Italy; Nicoya, Costa Rica; Ikaria, Greece; and Loma Linda, California. In their work Michel Poulain and Gianni Pes came up with the term “Blue Zones” to describe villages and communities with extreme longevity hotspots.
Life expectancy of an American born today averages 78.2 years. Life expectancy in the “Blue Zones” is 97 and higher. Though residents of the Blue Zones live in very different parts of the world, they have commonalties which lead to longer, healthier, and happier lives.
In their communities they don't join gyms or run marathons. Instead they live in environments which encourage movement naturally, like tending to their gardens and walking to places they need to get to. They don't have all the modern conveniences in their homes.
Residents of the “Blue Zones adhere to the 95/5 rule of mostly plants, fruits, vegetables, grains, greens, beans. They use olive oil to saute and spices to flavor. They rarely eat meat, and avoid dairy and eggs when possible. People in the “Blue Zones” eat a lot of nuts and drink mostly water. They do not eat sugar with the exception of honey. They enjoy wine with friends. They listen to their hunger signals and stop eating when they reach the feeling of no longer being hungry. Centenarians eat their smallest meal in the late afternoon, early evening and don't eat anything more the rest of the day.
While people in the “Blue Zones do experience stress, they have routines that shed stress. People of the “Blue Zones” pray, meditate, and some even celebrate a daily happy hour. Important to them is having a faith based community. Studies show that having a faith based community can add up to 14 years to one's life expectancy. They also have a sense of purpose, which in turn adds years to one's life.
Healthy centenarians in the Blue Zones put family first. They take care of their aging family members. Surprisingly this practice lowers disease and mortality rates of children who grow up with their elders. Living with their families helps centenarians shower their grandchildren with time and love. It is important to them to commit to a life partner which can add years to their lives.
People in the “Blue Zones” have “tribes”, people who encourage one another, and who support healthy behaviors such as not smoking, over eating, or excessive drinking. These tribes also help create joy and combat loneliness. Here is a typical recipe for a “Blue Zoner”:
Easy Lentil and Vege Soup
(Main Dish, vegan and vegetarian, serves 6)
Ingredients
½ pound (1¼ cups) green, black, or brown lentils
7 cups (1 quart plus 3 cups) vegetable broth
2 large red globes, beefsteak, or heirloom tomatoes, chopped (about 1½ cups)
1 medium yellow or white onion, chopped (about 1 cup)
2 medium carrots, peeled and chopped (about 2⁄3 cup)
2 medium red potatoes, peeled and chopped (about 2⁄3 cup)
2 bay leaves
½ teaspoon salt
Finely chopped scallions, for garnish
Extra-virgin olive oil, for garnish
Directions
Spread the lentils on a large baking sheet and pick them over for any bits of stone.
Stir the lentils, broth, tomatoes, onion, carrots, potatoes, bay leaves, and salt in a large saucepan or soup pot. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to low, set a lid askew over the pan or pot, and cook until the lentils are soft, for 45 minutes.
Discard the bay leaves. Ladle the soup into bowls. Garnish each with scallions and up to 1 teaspoon olive oil.
Linda Pecone, along with her husband, is a long time resident of Lyons Colorado. She is a certified herbalist, has a degree in nutrition, and is a postpartum chef and infant night doula. She is also the owner of The Little Yellow House Healing Center on Second Avenue.
Caitlin Owens: “Moderate Republican House members have had a much tougher recess than conservatives when it comes to Trumpcare. Members from purple districts have had to weather angry liberals and disappointed conservatives, while conservatives have largely emerged as heroes.”
“With different factions of the GOP pointing fingers at one another, the blame game is only effective if members' constituents are angry with their representative. Right now, it seems like the Freedom Caucus is actually being celebrated for blocking Trumpcare, which was extremely unpopular nationally.”
Toronto police say a gun found Tuesday in a backyard of a west-end house may have been used in the shooting death of a Hamilton man this spring.
A black Nike hoodie and a Gucci bag found in the same yard on Bowie Ave. are also believed related to the shooting of Leonard Pinnock, Det. Sgt. Joyce Schertzer told a news conference Wednesday.
Pinnock, 33, was sitting in his car in a parking lot at Dufferin St. and Bowie Ave. on April 22 when he was shot to death.
Police have released video that shows two gunmen run up to Pinnock's car and open fire.
The video shows one of the gunmen wearing a hoodie and carrying a bag. Investigators believe those items are the ones found where the gun was discovered by a homeowner cleaning their backyard, Schertzer said.
Jobs Roundup: Andrew House leaves PlayStation Elsewhere, Guardian games editor steps down and long standing Bandai Namco composer moves on
Haydn Taylor Friday 6th October 2017 Share this article Share
It can be difficult keeping track of the various comings and goings in the games industry, which is why we compile them in semi-regular round-ups.
If you have new appointments or transitions in your company that belong here, please email newhires@gamesindustry.biz.
Andrew House leaves PlayStation
PlayStation CEO Andrew House is moving on after 27 years at the company. House joined the corporate communications team in 1990 and held many key positions in both Sony and PlayStation before being appointed president and CEO in 2011.
House will continue as chairman until the end of the year in order to ensure a smooth transition.
Although there is no indication where he is moving on to, his long list of accomplishments at Sony leave him with plenty of options. He was not only involved in the launch of all four PlayStation consoles he also merged Sony Computer Entertainment and Sony Network Entertainment to form the current business group Sony Interactive Entertainment.
"I'm tremendously proud of what we've built with PlayStation and Sony Interactive Entertainment: entertaining millions globally with the best in games and creating a fully fledged digital entertainment company," said House.
You can read more about the appointment here.
Guardian Games editor steps down
Today marks Keith Stuart's last day as Guardian games editor after joining the division when it first launched in 2004.
Stuart has been writing for the Guardian at large since 1999 and said on Twitter he hopes to still contribute in the future.
"The best thing has been seeing young people using games as a form of self-expression, to communicate their experiences of the world," he said. "Sometimes that has taken immense bravery. I am in awe of you all. This is a medium that belongs to everyone. There is no such thing as 'real gamers'. Keep making amazing things. Smash the system."
Former hockey league team officer joins Immortals
Esports organisation Immortals has taken on the former COO of National Hockey League team Arizona Coyotes, Ari Segal.
He will serve as a non-voting board adviser on Immortals' board of directors, overseeing all business operations, both at the holding company level and across all esports leagues in which Immortals compete.
Previously Segal also worked at management consultancy firm McKinsey & Company in global sports and gaming practice.
You can read more about the appointment here.
New emerging markets manager at Twitch
The social video platform Twitch announced that Kendra Johnson has joined the company to oversee global content acquisition efforts while driving Twitch's business in the Latin America and Asia Pacific regions.
With 17 years in the entertainment industry, Johnson comes to Twitch from Maker Studios where she served as the head of distribution and strategic partnerships.
Hitman studio production manager joins AMD
PC hardware firm AMD has taken Luke Valentine onboard, who will be joining their team in Malmö, Denmark, as a senior developer relations manager.
Valentine entered the games industry with Sega in 1999 and is joining AMD after nine years at IO Interactive where he was studio production manager overseeing Hitman.
He also has producer credits on Hitman: Absolution, Kayne and Lynch 2, and Mini Ninja.
Longstanding composer leaves Bandai Namco
Go Shiina, who has been with publishing house Bandai Namco since the '90s, has announced his resignation.
He didn't cite any particular reason for leaving Bandai but expressed great pleasure from his time spent working there and that he is looking forward to whatever challenges await him in the future.
Shiina was well known for his work on titles including God Eater, Tekken 6, and The Idol Master.
New esports social manager at Capcom
Freelance writer Michael Martin joins Capcom as esports social manager after a career writing for sites like IGN and GamesRadar+. A fighting game aficionado, Martin was spotted by Yahoo Esports when the site launched in 2016.
He will be running the Capcom Fighters social network and take an active role in community engagement.
Former exceL Esports managing director joins Gfinity
The british esports tournament organiser has a new franchise lead for its Elite Series with the hire of Joel Holmes-Darby.
He will be leaving his current role as management consultant at professional services company KPMG and as exceL Esports managing director.
More personnel news, encompassing hires, promotions and more, can be found here.
If you have jobs news to share or a new hire you want to shout about, please contact us on newhires@gamesindustry.biz
Our Correspondent
Beijing
China's decades-long, steadfast commitment to UN Peacekeeping fully displays its status as a leader in maintaining world peace without favor or bias and no hidden agenda, said Chinese observers on Tuesday, which marked the 70th anniversary of UN Peacekeeping missions.
“Under the mandate of the UN, China has been deploying its blue berets to the most turbulent spots around the world, shouldering an increasing share of the UN Peacekeeping budget, which shows it is fulfilling its responsibility as a world power,” Song Zhongping, a military expert and TV commentator, told the Global Times on Tuesday.
Chinese experts predict that the country's peacekeeping role will grow and will expand its overseas supply facilities at key ports around the globe.
The UN webpage commemorating the anniversary, titled “70 Years of Service & Sacrifice,” notes that more than 1 million men and women have served under the United Nations flag in 71 peacekeeping operations over the past seven decades. More than 3,700 peacekeepers have lost their lives, including 129 who died last year, says the website.
The first UN Peacekeeping mission began on May 29, 1948, when the Security Council authorized the deployment of a small number of UN military observers to the Middle East to form the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO) to monitor the armistice agreement between Israel and its Arab neighbors.
China joined UN Peacekeeping operations in 1990, and Chinese troops have been deployed 24 times, involving more than 37,000 personnel. Thirteen Chinese peacekeepers sacrificed their lives during those missions, China's People's Liberation Army Daily (PLA) website 81.cn reported on Tuesday.
Currently, 2,507 UN Peacekeepers from China are on active duty in eight locations around the world including 2,419 soldiers and 88 experts and staff officers, and Chinese troops have also trained nearly 1,000 peacekeeping personnel from other countries, according to data provided by the PLA Daily report.
China has also registered an 8,000-strong standby force of UN Peacekeepers, according to the Ministry of National Defense (MOD) in September 2017.
China contributes about 10.25 percent of the UN Peacekeeping budget, making it the second largest contributor to UN Peacekeeping costs. It has dispatched more UN Peacekeepers than any other permanent members of the UN Security Council, according to the Xinhua News Agency.
Chinese peacekeepers' services and sacrifices have been repeatedly hailed by UN officials. “China's contributions are very important,” Nick Birnback, spokesperson for UN Peacekeeping, told Xinhua recently, noting that “China's contribution has steadily grown over the years.”
Groundless slander: China's contribution to the UN Peacekeeping missions is not without detractors, who have impugned China's motives. The Diplomat, a Washington DC-based magazine on international politics, suggested that China's emergence as a leading power in peacekeeping serves multiple agendas including fostering relations in Africa and elsewhere.
The magazine described China's UN Peacekeepers as a national image-building mechanism, designed to improve Beijing's reputation abroad and modernize its military.
Li Daguang, a professor at the National Defense University of the People's Liberation Army, called such reports “groundless slander.”
“As the world's second largest economy, China is living up to its responsibility in those UN missions. China's recent ascendency includes responding to UN requests and serves no political or military agenda,” Li said.
It's 9 p.m. Do you know where your phone is? If you're one of the 1.5 million or so people tuning into daily games of HQ Trivia, then it's probably glued to your hand as you frantically try to remember which format video game Mortal Kombat debuted in or who broke the U.S. record for most cumulative days in orbit. HQ Trivia is the app of the moment, a live, mobile game show (daily at 9 p.m. EST and weekdays at 3 p.m. EST) that you can watch on your phone and play along for real money. And despite the format, it's the kind of appointment viewing that hearkens back to must-see TV. Read more: Trivia app could hold the secret to live-streaming success The app was released for Apple iOS devices in August by Rus Yusupov and Colin Kroll (who created Vine), and became available on Android phones in January. It features a host (usually the goofy Scott Rogowsky) asking 12 multiple-choice trivia questions of increasing difficulty that must be answered within seconds. If you get one wrong, you're out, but if you get all 12 right, you split the prize money with anyone else who also knows all 12 answers. The prize pool, usually $2,000, occasionally goes as high as $20,000.
Article Continued Below
It's been the subject of breathless media write-ups and (already) fierce backlash for its glitchy, laggy performance and terms of service that make it difficult for winners to walk away with actual cash (initially, users had to bank at least $20, but the app tweeted Friday that it was removing the minimum). Whether you love it, hate it or hate-watch it, it's undeniable that the app has tapped into something. Viewers tune in on a set schedule, night after night, to see Rogowsky and compete against friends and strangers for their share of the cash prize. Even celebs including Jimmy Kimmel, who has guest-hosted, and Ellen DeGeneres — who featured a viral winner on her daytime show — are playing along. It's the kind of loyalty that is starting to feel rare for TV shows in our fragmented culture. So what makes HQ so addictive? It helps that it's so watchable. Rogowsky is a great find, and he has precisely the jokey energy required to anchor the 15-minute show. His overzealous and often manic delivery of questions, puns and punchlines is part of its appeal, despite those occasional technical difficulties. You almost imagine he gets the stream working again through the sheer power of his voice. When he calls the audience “HQties,” it's endearing, not creepy. When a substitute fills in, the game lacks momentum and becomes almost unwatchable, despite their best efforts.
“The first thing I want to do is create an efficient communication link between the permanent representatives in Asia so that we have a network that shares information together on a daily basis,” he explained. “Another plan is to conduct an in depth study that will look at several issues such as what climate problems specific member states are facing, what are the capabilities of every country, how can they participate, and what do they need. Once all of this is analysed it will give me a clearer picture of what I can do to help,” he added.
A young entrepreneur — who's found success for five years selling healthy juices at a small Carlsbad tasting room and at farmers markets across San Diego — has opened shop in Encinitas.
Hanna Gregor, 29, opened OH! Juice at 90 North Coast Highway 101 in November. The cafe offers a variety of organic juices and grab-and-go food items such as sandwiches, soups, salads and açaí bowls.
Popular selections include the "Go Green" juice, "Green Routine" juice, strawberry milk, Cookies N Protein milk, vegan chili, "Taste the Italy" toast and mint chip smoothie.
Gregor, who studied nutrition at Pennsylvania State University, was inspired to start her own business in her early 20s when she worked at a similar juice cafe in downtown San Diego. That business, however, wasn't run as efficiently as it could have been and the owner was often absent, Gregor said. The shop eventually shut down.
"I learned everything not to do with that business," said Gregor, who moved to San Diego in 2012. "I would do anything for [the owner], and people would come in and ask if I was the owner. Eventually, I just started lying and said that I did own the business. I kind of just faked it and built confidence around running a business."
Combining her skills from years of waitressing and her characteristics as an Aries — "always go, go, go," as Gregor described the zodiac sign — she decided that she would open her own business.
Gregor's company started off as a juice-only concept at farmers markets that used products from local farms and vendors. She also offered cleanses and weekly home deliveries, all the while advising people about nutrition.
"Juice was and is one of the quickest ways to increase someone's overall health, performance and prevention of disease," Gregor said.
Now with her second brick-and-mortar location — which is larger than the tasting room in Carlsbad — Gregor sees Encinitas as the perfect spot to continue her mission.
She said the north coastal San Diego city offered a cool vibe and culture with friendly and connected people who care about eating organically. The shop offers a seasonal menu, and customers may sample juices before they order. A weekly six-pack of juices is also offered for people looking to cleanse their digestive systems.
Gregor noted that OH! Juice is one of five all-organic cafes in San Diego County. Three of those businesses are in Encinitas, she said.
The Encinitas resident added that her location, at the Moonlight complex next to Lofty Coffee Company, is prime real estate for her business model.
"I love the location because it is on 101 and right near Moonlight Beach," Gregor said. "People going to and from the beach can stay healthy, hydrated and light while they enjoy the beach. We're so lucky to be so close to downtown yet a little edged out so that we don't have to deal with that kind of challenge."
Parking is also available underneath the mixed-use complex, which Gregor believed is an amenity that not many visitors are aware of.
Looking forward, Gregor expects to open five OH! Juice locations throughout the county, including one in Del Mar Heights next year.
However, she said, one of her biggest goals is maintaining quality over quantity.
"We want to always maintain a very high-quality standard," she said. "I'm not so excited about quantity as long as everything is tasting amazing."
For more information, visit www.ohjuicecleanse.com.
Have your say
A TV craft channel based in Peterborough has enjoyed a record success at a national awards.
Create and Craft picked up its largest number of award trophies - seven - at the International Craft Awards
The awards are Best TV Shopping Channel For Crafts, Best Craft Website, Best Craft Blog, Favourite Craft Celebrity: Dean Wilson, Best for Quality, Best for Customer Service and Best Overall Designer: Stephanie Weightman.
Lindsay-Jane Vines, Create and Craft's managing director, said: “We are over the moon to have won in an outstanding seven categories at this year's International Craft Awards.
“The team have worked exceptionally hard to continue to improve and grow as a business for our customers and to win in so many categories truly reflects the whole Create and Craft team's hard work and dedication.”
In addition, Tattered Lace, part of the Create and Craft, won Best International Brand for Crafts, and the Brother ScanNCut for which Create and Craft is the European exclusive retailer, won Best Craft Gadget/ Machine 2017.
Create and Craft's Crafting Live shows also received a Highly Commended Award for Best UK Craft Show.
The International Craft Awards are nominated and voted for by the readers of Crafts Beautiful magazine.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – Nearly 250,000 women will learn they have breast cancer before the year is over. The American Cancer Society is there to help them look their best while on this journey.
Chemotherapy comes with pronounced side effects. That can impact a woman's self-esteem.
Make up application is a form of creative expression and usually makes a woman feel better. But for some women knowing how to apply make-up does not come easy. It is even more challenging for a woman with cancer, according to Jennifer Darrough of the American Cancer Society.
“When you go through chemotherapy, not just the hair on your head falls out, but the hair on your face can also fall out,” Darrough said. “So drawing on those eyebrows, so that the face can be more expressive is very important to them.”
At least once a week, women with cancer get together with volunteer cosmotologists for a relaxed session of tips and techniques. They are held at various local cancer centers. This one is at St. Anthony's Hospital. It's been helpful for cancer patient Mary Jo Rains.
“I always admire people with their blush,” she said. “They look so natural, and even eyes and eyebrows and colors that I don't normally select. I found that I was able to wear it.”
Healing comes when you feel that you are in control, Darrough says.
“When you're going through cancer sometimes it can get you down. Sometimes you're not feeling well,” she said. “So we believe that if you look good, you'll feel better. You'll feel more confident.”
The Look Good Feel Better program is a collaboration between the American Cancer Society, the Personal Care Products Council Foundation and the Professional Beauty Association. Each woman receives a free makeup kit with donated products. Mary Jo was pleasantly surprised.
“They were random in my little kit and they worked beautifully,” she said. “Like pink. I'm not a pink lipstick person, but I like it.”
This program like many others is supported by events such as the Making Strides for Breast Cancer Walk. When people participate they're helping to put on programs such as Look Good Feel Better.
If you'd like to participate in the program, or maybe you want to volunteer, call 800-227-2345 or visit MakingStridesWalk.org. You'll also find registration information for the annual Making Strides Against Breast Cancer Walk October 28 in Forest Park.
The 2018 Del Mar Summer Concert Series will feature an array of rock, reggae, hip-hop and R&B artists, including Steel Pulse, Aloe Blacc and Mexico's Café Tacuba. The full schedule of performers announced thus far appears below.
The annual series at the Del Mar Racetrack will open with a July 20 concert by English New Wave veterans the Psychedelic Furs. It will conclude with a Sept. 2 performance by gangsta rap pioneer Ice Cube, who rose to fame in the 1980s as a member of the group N.W.A.
Five of this year's concerts will feature reggae acts — Iration, Steel Pulse, Matisyahu, Ziggy Marley and the San Diego band Tribal Seeds, which also performed as part of last year's Del Mar Summer Concert Series.
Where last year's series included one EDM act, Steve Aoki, this year's lineup is EDM-free. For at least the third consecutive year, the lineup also lacks even a single female headliner, at least thus far. Several more shows will be announced at a later date.
For the eighth consecutive year, the Del Mar Summer Concert Series will take place at the mostly standing-room-only Seaside Stage, which is located near the west end of the racetrack's Grandstand.
All concerts are 18-and-up and are free with the standard racetrack admission fee of $6. Concertgoers arriving after the last race of the day will be charged a $30 admission fee, up from $20 last year. Tickets for the elevated South Terrace viewing area are $50 per concert and include seating, private restrooms and a private cash bar.
Performances are scheduled to begin shortly after the last race of the day. On Saturdays and Sundays, the post time for the first race is at 2 p.m. On Fridays, the post time for the first race is at 4 p.m., with the exceptions of Aug. 24 and Sept. 31 when the first post is at 3:30 p.m.
General parking during the races costs $10. The price rises to $20 for those parking after the last race of the day. Free shuttle service is available from and to the nearby Solana Beach Amtrak and Coaster station, as well as to and from taxi and other vehicle drop-off points.
For more information, call (858) 755-1141 or log on to DelMarRacing.com/concerts.
2018 Del Mar Summer Concert Series lineup:
Friday, July 20: Psychedelic Furs
Saturday, July 21: Iration
Friday, July 27: Steel Pulse
Friday, August 3: Matisyahu
Friday, August 10: Aloe Blacc
Saturday, August 11: Reggae Fest, with Ziggy Marley
Friday, August 17: Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats
Friday, August 24: Tribal Seeds
Friday, August 31: Café Tacuba
Sunday, September 2: Ice Cube
— George Varga is a reporter for The San Diego Union-Tribune
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal completed their Europa League group stage campaign in style with a 6-0 thrashing of Bate Borisov on Thursday evening.
The Gunners had already secured top spot in Group H before their final match but now know exactly who they could potential be paired up against in the draw for the first knockout stage.
This is where Champions League dropouts enter the competition, so the Gunners could find themselves facing a tough draw.
Four of the eight third-placed Champions League finishers will be seeded for the last-32 draw which takes place on Monday and these seeds will face either a Europa League group runner-up or unseeded Champions League dropout.
(Image: Matthew Lewis)
As a Europa League group stage winner, Arsenal know they will not face one of these seeded sides, so will avoid Atletico Madrid, CSKA Moscow, RB Leipzig and Sporting Lisbon.
However, they could face Borussia Dortmund, Celtic, Napoli or Spartak Moscow, who join from the Europa League's big brother.
(Image: REUTERS)
With the Europa League group stage now concluded we know exactly who the Gunners could be drawn against the UEFA suits dish out the balls in Nyon on Monday lunchtime.
Arsenal's potential last-32 opponents
AEK Athens
Borussia Dortmund
(Image: Reuters)
Celtic
FC Astana
FC Copenhagen
Steaua Bucuresti
Ludogorets
Razgrad
Lyon
Marseille
Napoli
(Image: Rex/Shutterstock)
Nice
Ostersunds
Partizan Belgrade
Real Sociedad
Spartak Moscow
The last-32 matches will take place on February 15 and February 22.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In his book on dancing star and rebel hero, Shammi Kapoor: The Game Changer, journalist and film critic Rauf Ahmed gives readers a view of Kapoor's ascent into stardom. He has Kapoor detail the secrets of his incredible dancing ability, with Kapoor being quoted as saying, “The sound of any music evoked in me a strong urge to dance. The rhythm didn't take time to seep into me and seek expression in dance. I always envisioned dance as a visual expression of music. The urge to dance was dormant in me for long.”
Shammi Kapoor, who would have turned 86 later this year had it not been for his demise on August 14, 2011, went on to carve his own niche, distinct from the on-screen personas enjoyed by Dilip Kumar, Dev Anand and Raj Kapoor. Kumar was the tragic lover, the tortured soul, the male Meena Kumari before Meena Kumari came along. Dev Anand was rakish, confident, the ultimate city slicker and it was that persona that set him apart from his peers. Raj Kapoor, the eldest of Prithviraj Kapoor's children, went on to be defined by his roles in films like Awaara, Shree 420, Jagte Raho and Anari.
Shammi Kapoor didn't set the Hindi film industry ablaze with his sense of style and dancing rhythm from the very beginning. He had about 18 failures against his illustrious surname before writer-director Nasir Husain's Tumsa Nahin Dekha (1957) catapulted him into fame and stardom. With Husain casting Shammi Kapoor as a flamboyant, debonair, Western-styled character in that film and then in Dil Deke Dekho thereafter, Kapoor went on to become the rage of the 1960s, starring in several hit films like Junglee, Professor, Kashmir Ki Kali, Teesri Manzil and An Evening In Paris.
Kapoor was irresistible in these roles. His theatrics were unique. He was a bon vivant, the very antithesis to Dilip Kumar's tragic persona. Nasreen Munni Kabir summarised his appeal best in Bollywood's Top 20 Superstars of Indian Cinema: “Most importantly, he exuded an unabashed and irresistible sexuality that was far from the heroes of the time, who projected romanticism but rarely sexuality. With his dreamy eyes, soft voice, charming dialogue delivery and arresting personality, Shammi Kapoor radiated the raw appeal of an Elvis Presley – especially evident when performing songs.”
Play Baar Baar Dekho, China Town (1962).
Many have suggested that Shammi Kapoor was an extension of the Dev Anand character. Both men essentially played urban characters and exuded a certain comfort with Western modernity. There are also a handful of roles initially scripted for Anand and eventually performed by Kapoor. Nasir Husain's directorial debut Tumsa Nahin Dekha was written keeping Anand in mind, but with the actor turning the film down, it was Kapoor who benefitted by playing the lead protagonist.
Kapoor also replaced Dev Anand in Subodh Mukerji's tentatively titled film Mr Hitler, which was eventually released as Junglee (1961). He then walked into Teesri Manzil (1966) after Anand and Husain had a fallout.
This is not the best way to understand the Shammi Kapoor phenomenon. For one, he portrayed a certain manic energy, an aggressive physicality in his acting and dancing routines that Anand never had. This physicality signified what Kaushik Bhaumik, associate professor, School of Arts and Aesthetics at JNU in Delhi, called élan vital, the term coined by French philosopher Henri Bergson to explain the vital force or impulse of life.
When Kapoor danced, he danced in the true sense of the word. While there was no formal style that he adhered to, there was grace and rhythm in his movements and a distinct abandon that went beyond Dev Anand's baltering movements or the rhythmic one-two, one-two choreographed routines used in song sequences in the name of dance.
Play O Haseena, Teesri Manzil (1966).
But dancing is just one aspect of the Shammi Kapoor package. His flamboyance went well beyond city limits and played out in the countryside and hill stations. In many of his films, Kapoor wooed local women, be it Junglee, Rajkumar or Kashmir Ki Kali. While the open landscape in these films suited his overpowering physicality, Kapoor didn't need a character makeover to establish the distinction between urban Indian and its mofussil centres. His urbanity was all encompassing.
Play Yeh Chand Sa Roshan Chehra, Kashmir Ki Kali (1964).
The other interesting difference between Dev Anand and Shammi Kapoor is that the former's films always emphasised his profession, which gave his characters a fair degree of seriousness. Films like CID, Kaala Bazaar, Taxi Driver, Jewel Thief and Guide integrated the trade of Anand's characters into the storyline. Even in a frothy entertainer like Paying Guest, Anand's struggling advocate ultimately displays ingenuity in the courtroom at the climax to save his lover from the gallows.
Shammi Kapoor was quite the opposite. In most of his films, his occupational pursuits were frivolous or on the margins of what was deemed respectable at the time. Even his characters in Junglee and Kashmir Ki Kali are misleading. In Junglee , he breaks out of his dictatorial, authoritarian style halfway through the film to turn into a wild, spirited young man. In Kashmir Ki Kali (1964), he realises halfway through that he is not the heir apparent to a mill owner's fortune. His lack of a serious profession allows him to function in an unbridled way, without the “Log kya kahenge” baggage that handicapped the on-screen personas of other mainstream heroes.
Play Aasman Se Aaya Farishta, An Evening in Paris (1967).
To enhance the comic element, Kapoor often resorted to disguise. In many of his films, there are extended sequences where he resorts to masquerading an Arab sheikh, a qawwal, or a woman. In Professor (1962), Kapoor plays an aging educationist.
In an industry that puts a premium on young heroes, Kapoor changed shape and form all too willingly. These masquerading characters allowed for comic release through situational comedy, but it also highlighted his dexterity. He could be anything to anyone and in doing so he was perhaps the most cosmopolitan of Hindi film heroes. He could court the beautiful young women of Paris in style even while pulling off a high-energy bhangra song with gusto.
Through his breezy and carefree roles, in which he indulged in all kinds of burlesque antics, Shammi Kapoor participated in the party song (the male item number, if you will) more than any other mainstream hero before or during his time. Some of his most memorable numbers, such as the Dil Deke Dekho title track, Baar Baar Dekho from China Town, Dekho Ab Toh from Janwar, the two Teesri Manzil club songs (O Haseena Zulfonwaali and Aaja Aaja) and Aaj kal Tere Mere take place in the club or hotel space or on the occasion of a celebration.
You would expect the hero in such circumstances to raise a glass to enhance the revelry of the gathering. Not Shammi Kapoor. As opposed to today's heroes or heroines, who celebrate liquor or its consumption as a way of rejoicing, Kapoor rarely sings after consuming alcohol. This adhered to the rule back then that alcohol signalled moral decline for the Hindi film hero, and that he drank only when he was spurned in love or could not cope with existential dilemmas.
Shammi Kapoor didn't need anything to further give him an adrenaline rush. He was already high on life as he himself sang in Suku Suku (Junglee).
“Meri aankhon mein nasha,
Meri baaton mein nasha
Meri saanson mein nasha
Behka main bin peeye.”
Akshay Manwani is the author of Sahir Ludhianvi: The People's Poet and Music, Masti, Modernity: The Cinema of Nasir Husain. He tweets at @AkshayManwani.
The metal powders for additive manufacturing market continue to see increased competition with the acquisition of Metasphere Technology by Höganäs.
Based in Luleå, Sweden, Metasphere was founded in 2009 and uses a combination of plasma and centrifugal forces to atomize metal and produce spherical metal powder.
The powder has a range of uses including surface coating and additive manufacturing.
Staff Reporter
Peshawar
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Minister for Energy and Power Muhammad Atif said that the provincial govt has proposed 17 Projects of 2825 Mega Watt costing 9357 US Dollars for inclusion in CPEC and hired consultant for 300 Mega Watt Balakot Hydel Power Project to be launched with the support of Asian Development Bank. Similarly award of Sharmai Hydel Power Project is being given to joint venture of Sapphire Electric and Sino Hydro of China, he added.
This is stated while chairing a review meeting of Energy and Power Department at Peshawar, on Tuesday. The meeting beside others was also attended by the Secretary Energy and Power, Engineer Naeem Khan, CEO PEDO KP, Akbar Ayub, CEO KPOGCL Raziuddin and Chief Planning Officer, Syed Zainullah Shah. The meeting was briefed in detail regarding on going, new and proposed projects of Energy and Power sector and certain decisions were taken in this respect.
The meeting was informed on progress on Jabori, Lawi, Karora, Daral Khwar and Mataltan Power Projects besides run of canal project and provision of Electricity to flood effected villages of Chitral District.
The meeting was told that 2 projects of run of canal Pilot Project would be completed by end of this month. The meeting was further told that Soliarization of 8000 schools and 182 BHUs would be made in collaboration with ADB, while work on solarization of 6000 villages already approved. The minister directed the authorities concerned to include 1000 mosques in the solarization projects too.
Mr. Atif while directing the quarter concerned for accelerating work on Hydel Power Projects said that 150 out of 356 Micro Hydel Power Projects have been completed and ensure the completion of remaining projects by December 31, 2017 at all costs. He said due to transparent policies of Govt: of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, national as well as International investors coming to the Province for investment of billions of rupees in the province. He hoped that investment in the coming 1 and half year would reach billions of US Dollars.
The Minister maintained that there was conducive atmosphere for investors in all sectors and now they can invest in any field without any fear. Due to zero tolerance policy on corruption, the KP Govt. become a role model for the Federal as well as other Provincial Governments and now they are following our policies which were very encouraging.
A LEADING education charity based in Newbury is hoping it will be able to help more of the district's disadvantaged youngsters after striking up a new partnership with a local business.
BDZ Holdings, located in Oxford Square, Newbury, has teamed up with charity Achievement for All (AfA) to help fund educational programmes in schools across West Berkshire.
The new partnership will see BDZ Holdings fund half of the £6,000 cost for the two-year programmes, which aim to help to underachieve pupils and close the attainment gap.
Speaking after the launch of the partnership earlier this month, chief executive and founder of AfA, Professor Sonia Blandford, said the charity was delighted to have secured the deal, particularly at a time when schools are dealing with tighter budgets.
She said: “We work with schools to transform the lives of the most disadvantaged children and young people by improving their progress in reading, writing and maths as well as self-confidence and behaviour.
“We do this by working in partnership with teachers, and involving parents and carers, to break down the barriers to each child's learning.
“We are so grateful to BDZ Holdings for their enormous generosity in supporting schools in our local area.
“It is a wonderful example of what we can achieve for young people by working in partnership and we encourage schools to make the most of the opportunity.”
Managing director of BDZ Holdings, Bob Rae, said: “As a West Berkshire organisation, we wanted to give something back to the local community by helping to underachieve children to flourish and reach their full potential.
“Achievement for All offers a real solution to a real problem. There are more than 80 schools in West Berkshire which could see a real benefit from the Achievement for All schools programme.
“We are very much looking forward to seeing the positive impact it has over the coming months.”
According to AfA there is an average 22-per-cent gap in attainment between children receiving free school meals and their peers across the UK.
The two-year programme is delivered directly into schools with a specialist coach assigned to each school aimed at reducing that gap.
The charity has worked in more than 3,700 early years settings, schools and colleges in England and Wales, including Park House School in Newbury, and offers support programmes designed to raise the achievements of all children, including those with special educational needs and disabilities, looked-after children and children vulnerable to poor outcomes.
The new partnership is the first of its kind for the charity.
However, Professor Blandford now hopes to be able to replicate such deals across the UK. The charity founder also hopes to improve links with West Berkshire Council in the new year.
She said: “We do work with other local authorities in different areas of the UK and would love to be in partnership with West Berkshire Council.
“That is certainly something we would hope to progress in 2017.”
A new study shows two-year, full-time kindergarten pays off for both kids and society. ( Dreamstime / TNS )
Back in 2010 Ontario's Liberal government began a bold experiment. It launched a plan to bring in full-day kindergarten for four- and five-year-olds over the next five years. At the time, the $1.5-billion plan was dismissed by then-Progressive Conservative leader Tim Hudak as a “frill” or “shiny new car” that Ontarians could not afford. Now the results of a new study by researchers at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education (OISE) provide strong evidence that the experiment is paying off in spades. The research, which tracked almost 600 children, should point the way for other provinces and territories to follow Ontario's lead, for academic, social and economic reasons. Of course, that will take some political investment. Currently only six provinces and the Northwest Territories offer full-day kindergarten for five-year-olds. The others have only half-day kindergarten. And only Ontario provides it for four-year-olds, though the Northwest Territories and Nova Scotia have plans to introduce it.
Article Continued Below
Still, the OISE study shows that the benefits of two-year, full-day kindergarten are well-worth the initial investment. Here's why: First, it found children in the two-year, full-day learning program scored higher on reading, writing and number knowledge than those in a half-day program, and remained ahead until the end of Grade 2. Second, the children also scored higher on self-regulation. That means they are better prepared to respond “to life's stresses and return to a calm and alert state,” one of the researchers, Janette Pelletier, writes in an article on the research. This is an especially important skill for children, she says. “Existing research shows that self-control, an aspect of self-regulation, predicts long-term health, wealth and even a reduction in crime.”
The pay-off, then, isn't just for kids, but for society as a whole. The researchers also found that, as the government had predicted, parents in particular benefit from the two-year program. That's because the schools that provided integrated seamless care and education from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. reduced the hassles for working parents trying to piece together child care and kindergarten. Full-day kindergarten saves families money, as well. That is particularly important in Toronto, where the cost of child care is the highest in the country. Indeed, a 2015 study found that average families with two children in this city pay a staggering 48 per cent of after-tax income on child care. The two-year, full-time kindergarten program also opened up, as the government had argued, scarce licensed child care spaces for other families as four-year-olds went off to school. That is exceptionally important when considering that 75 per cent of mothers of young children are in the workforce, but licensed daycare spots exist for just 22 per cent of children under five. It's even tougher for parents trying to get their child into a subsidized daycare spot. In Toronto alone there were almost 12,000 eligible children in the queue in 2016. Full-time kindergarten for four- and five-year-olds, then, benefits parents of younger kids, too. Opening up child care spaces is also helpful as the federal government begins to invest in a national child care program. So far the Trudeau government has budgeted only $7 billion over the next 10 years. That's hardly enough. But if every province introduced two-year, full-day kindergarten, it would help Canada reach its goal of universal early childhood education that much sooner. Finally, full-day kindergarten pays for itself, and more. A study from the Centre for Spatial Economics found that over the medium- and long-term, every dollar invested in the program will generate $2.42 for the province in reduced social costs and improved health outcomes. When he introduced the program, then-premier Dalton McGuinty called it part of a “virtuous circle”: quality education is necessary for a strong economy, which in turn provides government with the revenues needed to support spending on education. He was right. Full-day kindergarten for four- and five-year-olds is turning out to be a success for kids, society and government. Now the rest of Canada should follow.
Read more about:
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 3:50 am |
U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford talks with South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo during their meeting at the Defense Ministry in Seoul, South Korea, Monday. (Reuters/Kim Hong-Ji)
SEOUL/ BEIJING (Reuters) - Tensions on the Korean peninsula eased slightly on Monday as South Korea's president said resolving Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully and key U.S. officials played down the risk of an imminent war with North Korea.
Concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon has underpinned a spike in tensions in recent months.
President Donald Trump warned at the weekend that the U.S. military was “locked and loaded” if North Korea acted unwisely after threatening last week to land missiles near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.
“There must be no more war on the Korean peninsula. Whatever ups and downs we face, the North Korean nuclear situation must be resolved peacefully,” South Korean President Moon Jae-in told a regular meeting with senior aides and advisers.
“I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours,” he said.
While backing Trump's tough talk, U.S. officials including National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster played down the risk on Sunday of the rhetoric escalating into conflict.
“I think we're not closer to war than a week ago, but we are closer to war than we were a decade ago,” McMaster told ABC News.
CIA Director Mike Pompeo said North Korean leader Kim Jong-un might well conduct another missile test but talk of being on the cusp of was overstating the risk.
“I've seen no intelligence that would indicate that we're in that place today,” Director Pompeo told Fox News on Sunday.
However, North Korea reiterated its threats, with its official KCNA news agency saying “war cannot be blocked by any power if sparks fly due to a small, random incident that was unintentional.”
“Any second Korean War would have no choice but to spread into a nuclear war,” it said in a commentary on Monday.
South Korean Vice Defence Minister Suh Choo-suk agreed North Korea was likely to continue provocations, including nuclear tests, but did not see a big risk of the North engaging in actual military conflict.
Minister Suh again highlighted doubts about North Korea's claims about its military capability.
“Both the United States and South Korea do not believe North Korea has yet completely gained re-entry technology in material engineering terms,” Suh said in remarks televised on Sunday for a Korea Broadcasting System show.
The United States and South Korea remain technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty.
Tension in the region has risen since North Korea carried out two nuclear bomb tests last year and two intercontinental ballistic missile tests in July, tests that the North often conducts to coincide with important national dates.
Tuesday marks the anniversary of Japan's expulsion from the Korean peninsula, a rare holiday celebrated by both the North and the South. Moon and Kim, who has not been seen publicly for several days, are both expected to make addresses on their respective sides of the heavily militarized border.
GRAPEVINE, Texas, Feb 14, 2017 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- MBA National Mortgage Servicing Conference & Exposition - ACES Risk Management (ARMCO), the leading provider of financial quality control and compliance software, announced at the MBA's annual servicing conference being held at the Gaylord Texan Hotel, that it has added to and enhanced business user-friendly configuration functionality to its award-winning ACES Audit Technology(TM) solution.
The additions enable servicers to standardize and easily modify compliance-critical questionnaires to follow when interfacing with borrowers amid the introduction of changing rules that are specific to servicing entities.
When interacting with borrowers, there are a myriad of rules that servicers must follow on both state and federal levels throughout the lifecycle of the servicing process. The new additions made to ARMCO's ACES Audit Technology puts the ability to create and make changes to compliance questionnaires directly in the hands of business people. Updated questionnaires can quickly be incorporated into the servicer's internal policies and procedures that guide staff with how and when to communicate with borrowers and proceed accordingly.
"Now more than ever, servicers face an influx of new compliance rules and regulations from federal, state and GSE requirements that they must adhere to," said Phil McCall, COO of ARMCO. "Due to an increasing spotlight placed on servicers, we enhanced the ease of configuration and self-sufficient change management capability to our platform, which now provides servicers with complete control to make changes in real-time to comply with the complexity of new rules."
Some examples that ACES Audit Technology helps with include general servicing functions (correspondence/complaints, credit reporting, fees, etc.); specialty servicing functions (adjustable rate mortgages, assumptions, bankruptcy, specialty HUD products, etc.); and default servicing functions (collections, loss mitigation, foreclosures, claims, etc.).
ARMCO's ACES questionnaires are completely customizable and can leverage and modify existing template questionnaires that ARMCO has in its library of forms for servicers. ARMCO maintains all relevant state and Federal compliance rules for clients, and then empowers them with the interface to makes changes to their own rules and policies.
A comprehensive suite of new USDA program specific questions were also added to the servicing questionnaires. There is a wide array of requirements covered; including, but not limited to escrow administration of the annual fee, construction processing/repair escrows, and default processing. Clients can easily review and analyze question content additions and/or changes, discuss implementation needs with QC and business staff, and maintain questionnaire versioning records that can be provided on demand in the event of an external regulatory audit.
ARMCO will be unveiling the added functionality to its ACES Audit Technology at the MBA Servicing Conference from Feb. 14 - 17, 2017 in Grapeview, Texas at the Gaylord Texan Hotel in booth number 1010. The company can be contacted at sales@armco.us for a demo.
About ARMCO:
ARMCO - ACES Risk Management delivers web-based audit technology solutions, as well as powerful data and analytics, to the nation's top mortgage lenders, servicers, investors and outsourcing professionals. A trusted partner devoted to client relationships, ARMCO offers best-in-class quality control and compliance software that provides U.S. banks, mortgage companies and service providers the technology and data needed to support loan integrity, meet regulatory requirements, reduce risk and drive positive business decisions.
ARMCO's flagship product, ACES Audit Technology(TM), is available at any point in the mortgage loan lifecycle, to any size lender, and is user-definable. ACES standardizes audit requirements, ties pre-funding reviews to post-closing quality control audits, enables seamless trend analysis, identifies credit, compliance and process deficiencies and helps create manageable action plans. For more information, visit http://www.armco.us/ or call 1-800-858-1598.
MEDIA CONTACT:
Joe Bowerbank
Profundity Communications, Inc.
949-378-9685
jbowerbank@profunditymarketing.com
News Source: ARMCO ACES Risk Management
This press release was issued on behalf of the news source, who is solely responsible for its accuracy, by Send2Press Newswire. To view the original story, visit: https://www.send2press.com/wire/armco-adds-new-capabilities-to-its-aces-audit-technology-empowering-organizations-to-swiftly-adhere-to-changing-servicing-compliance-rules/
Staff Reporter
At least four people were killed while two others injured when a trailer and car col-lided in the early hours here Monday.
According to rescue sources, the car was en route to Hyderabad when the accident occurred claiming three lives initially and leaving as many others in-jured. Later, one of the three injured succumbed to the wounds, taking the death toll to four. All the injured and deceased were residents of Azizabad in Karachi. Two of the deceased were identified as Shakir and Umair, while names of the other two have yet to be confirmed.
While speaking to the media Umair's cousin Baghdad Raza said Umair was going to Hyderabad for a work-related chore. Raza told that his cousin used to go to Hyderabad every Sunday to make recovery on his business. He said the vehicle was rented, while he was not sure who were other deceased and injured. Noori-abad is located near the National Highway where accidents are common, like on other such thor-oughfares.
On March 3, at least six people were killed while more than 16 others injured when a bus collided with a truck on the RCD Highway, near Balochistan.
The bus was en route from Quetta to Karachi when the accident occurred near Uthal.
The absence of Town's leading scorer Danny Hylton hasn't put the rest of the side under extra pressure, according to strike partner James Collins.
With 17 goals to his name this term, Hylton is the club's top marksman, but injured his hamstring against Morecambe and remains a doubt for Saturday's home clash with Exeter.
However, Collins believes Luton have the resources to cope, saying: “Missing Danny is a massive miss as what he brings to the team, his goals, his work-rate, his enthusiasm, but that's why we've got a squad.
“Hopefully he's not out for too long as the sooner he's back, the more chance we've got of getting this promotion push started.”
Collins was on target with his 13th of the season at Grimsby last weekend, popping up with three minutes of the second half gone to nod home once Luke Berry's excellent free kick had been brilliantly tipped on to the bar by home keeper Ben Killip.
Although Dan Potts made sure by bundling the all into the net, it was clearly Collins' goal, as he said: “I didn't have my best afternoon as a performance, but like he (Nathan Jones) said to me after the game, ‘you were average but you got us the win and that's what you're here for'.
“So I think there's a little compliment in there somewhere, but as a striker, to score the winner, in front of the away fans and to win 1-0, there are not many better feelings.
“I just made sure I stayed onside and as soon as it Bezza hits it, it's in.
“Then the lad's tipped it on the bar, I've had a long time to think about it and just made sure I've got a good connection on it and then it's way over the line.
“Pottsy's (Dan Potts) kicked it, he always tries to nick my goals, but a great feeling.
“Especially when you go down to 10 men as you know you're going to have limited chances and you're not going to have the ball as much.
“Playing against three big centre halves who have all played a good level, it wasn't my best performance, but I've nicked a goal so I'm buzzing.”
When asked about his match-winner, boss Nathan Jones said: “It was a wonderful save from the keeper.
“He had no right to do that as it was one of those perfect ones, it's gone over the wall at the trajectory and pace, you think that's in.
“Then he's tipped it on to the bar, he's not got enough on it and Collo's there.
“We said to Collo at half time, he's been poor Collo, really, really poor in terms of leading the line, but we said ‘you'll get one chance and that's why you're here, that's why we brought you here'.
“He got it and he scored and we've won the game.”
Returning skipper Alan Sheehan was quick to praise Town's goalscorer for being in the right place at the right time, saying: “It was a brilliant free kick and I'm delighted for Collo.
“It was hard up there for him on his own at times and they've a few big centre backs, but he stuck in there.
“That's why he's here, to score goals and what a priceless three points that could be.”
Although as Collins stated, he didn't necessarily have his finest display in a Luton shirt this season, he played his part in the superb defensive display, as the Hatters kept out Grimsby with 10 men for over an hour.
He continued: “You never work on going down to 10 men in any game, as you don't expect to go down to 10 men.
“But I think with the experience we've got in the side and the information coming from the side, you just adjust, let them have the ball and then press them in the right areas and I thought we did that brilliantly.
“When they're throwing the ball in the box and they're shooting from all angles, it's just one of those things you have to do.
“That's why it's all worth it when you're on the journey home with three points.
“We dug in for each other, we defended well, we worked hard and I still think we deserved the win even though we had 10 men.
“We had to dig in deep, we got away with a couple little bits of fortune, but if you work hard, you deserve that luck.”
Fortunately.. no one was injured! This happened in Georgia.. a woman in a nearby car shot this video of a freight train plowing THROUGH a semi truck stuck on the tracks. Apparently, the driver ignored the “no trucks allowed” signs at the crossing and got stuck. Again, very fortunate that no one got hurt and/or killed. 🙂
Ever since last November's election night, millions in America and around the world have wondered what happened to Hillary Clinton, who was widely expected to become the first woman president of the United States.
In fact, nearly everyone in the business of politics thought she would win –-including many of Trump's own people.
So: How did she lose?
Providing that answer is the mission accepted by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes in Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton's Doomed Campaign. It is by no means the last word on 2016, but Allen and Parnes must be regarded as early front-runners in the race to make sense of it all.
They saw and heard far more than most of us, exploring deep inside "Clintonworld" in search of the real story. And in these pages, they share enough of what they witnessed to enable us to reach our own conclusions.
There is no Big Reveal, no shocking secret answer. Instead we get a slow-building case against the concept and execution of the Clinton campaign, with plenty of fault falling squarely on the candidate herself.
Far from a juggernaut, the campaign we see in these pages is plagued with division, unease and anxiety practically from the outset. When things go right, it only means they are soon to go terribly wrong. Win a primary, lose a caucus. Quash a rumor, see three more goes viral. Close one wound and find another torn open again.
Among those wounds, the first cut is the deepest. The email stories that began in March 2015 never go away. First, it's Clinton's own private server, then the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and the endless email dump stolen from campaign chairman John Podesta. Email becomes the cyber-incubus the campaign cannot shed.
Whether anyone with Trump connections was colluding or complicit in the Wikileaks-Russian caper or not, the continual media focus on email issues could scarcely have been more convenient for the Trump campaign.
The authors also see lasting damage inflicted by her Democratic-primary rival Bernie Sanders' challenge from the left. Sanders' rather quixotic campaign not only tested Clinton, it played perfectly into Trump's own critique of "crooked Hillary" and his tactic of tying her to globalism and Wall Street.
"For both sides, Hillary was the perfect symbol of everything that was wrong with America," the authors conclude. "At times, Trump and Sanders would act as the right and left speakers of a stereo blaring a chorus on repeat: Hillary's a corrupt insider who has helped rig the political and economic systems in favor of the powerful."
But in the end, Allen and Parnes contend, the worst blows Clinton suffered were self-inflicted. If the controversies and corruption memes came to define her, they write, it was largely because she never managed to define herself.
The Clinton we see here seems uniquely qualified for the highest office and yet acutely ill-suited to winning it. Something about her nature, at its best and its worst, continually inhibits her. Her struggle to escape her caricature only contributes to it.
Clinton kept questioning staff why she was losing working-class whites, her most loyal voters in 2008. "Why aren't they with me?" she asked during the 2016 primaries. "Why can't we bring them on board?' "
Such uncertainty is a recurring theme. The book begins with Clinton searching for the right notes for her announcement speech, and it ends as she wrestles with a concession speech she never expected to give.
In fact, the book often dwells on her problematic speech prep. All major politicians have ghostwriters, but Clinton had panels of them. Writers, consultants, script doctors and kibitzers crawl over every page and paragraph of her scripts — sometimes until just minutes before delivery.
Where exactly is the candidate herself in all this messaging mélange? Does she have something she really wants to say? Everyone agrees she has plans for every policy problem in the world, but voters want to know what's inside you. And they also want to know what's in it for them.
The tone of the Allen-Parnes narrative is unsparing but not unsympathetic, noting campaign flaws and missteps without rue or recrimination. Having collaborated on a book-length profile of Clinton in 2014, the authors extended their research and sources for this insider account. We can readily imagine them setting out to write a very different book about the first woman president.
Instead, the authors often seem to be shaking their heads at the unforced errors, internal squabbles and media scrutiny that did in that dream. "Hillary distributed power so broadly that none of her aides or advisors had control of the whole apparatus," they write.
We learn that campaign manager Robby Mook, the wunderkind whose heart belongs to data, pushes voter modeling and analytics and models, while pinching pennies on everything else. He clashes with more senior aides who want to invest in more conventional polling, field organizers and yard signs. He also crosses swords with campaign chairman John Podesta, who is twice his age and steeped in official Washington, an intimate advisor to both Clintons and President Obama.
We also feel the widely shared exasperation with Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton's longtime confidante. Abedin shields her boss from campaign stress, but also reinforces her penchant for privacy. The mystery of Abedin represents what is remote about Clinton herself.
To be sure, such infighting has enlivened accounts of past campaigns, especially in the bestseller Game Change, Mark Halperin and John Heilemann's best-seller about the political personality wars of 2008. But those personalities were more compelling and telegenic, calling out to turn themselves into the TV movie they became. (We may well see more of that sort of character when we turn to the internal tale of the Trump team.)
This volume may not belong on the same shelf with the series of Theodore H. White classics (The Making of the President) from decades ago, or the quadrennial volumes by reporters Jules Witcover and Jack Germond, or the novelistic What It Takes by Richard Ben Cramer.
But Allen and Parnes offer a first bridge beyond the journalism of the campaign year to the scholarship of the historians and other scholars who will process all this material for generations to come.
Clinton could hold on to enough of the contemporary Democratic Party to beat back Sanders and win the popular vote in November. But she had no answer to the populist appeal Trump enjoyed among white males and non-college working people in general. Her extraordinary career prepared her to be president, but not to understand ordinary Americans.
Ultimately, Allen and Parnes get inside the campaign but not inside the mind of Hillary Clinton. Much the same seems to have been true for most of her staff and, ultimately, the voters. Maybe we never really know the person we send to the White House, but we usually think we do. With Clinton, we never quite got there.
5 min read Growth Strategies
How Southwest Airlines Created a Mass Market for Air Travel
Herb Kelleher created the first budget airline, which found great success by simplifying everything from the destinations to the (lack of) snacks served on board.
IT'S the day before Good Friday and diners sit with heads down and hands clasped as soup kitchen chairman Phil Crofts leads the prayer.
Today's lunch consists of fish and chips donated from local business Molly Malones.
It's a chance for Coffs Harbour's homeless, needy - and unfortunately stigmatised - to enjoy a warm meal for Easter with company.
For the past 27 years every diner has come in with their own intricate background, but their paths unite here at Coffs Harbour's Uniting Church Soup Kitchen.
"We don't judge. If someone comes through the door and wants a meal, be my guest. All we ask is that they treat each other with respect,” said Mr Crofts.
Some diners are simply "bad budgeters” while others are sufferers of mental illness.
There are those with gambling problems, and those with drug problems.
"For the majority of these people, they come here for the social interaction. A lot of them are here five days a week.”
To say the kitchen plays a valuable role in the community is an under- statement, with meals prepared voluntarily to an average of about 55 diners a day.
Just yesterday, a total of 73 diners enjoyed a meal.
When the kitchen opened its doors back in 1990 it saw just a single diner.
Mr Crofts, a retired primary school teacher, has been part of the soup kitchen committee for around 11 years now.
He is just one of about 50 volunteers who are the driving force behind the kitchen. Each day has a different team leader, and today it's Graham Knowles.
But Mr Crofts admits it can be, on occasion, difficult to recruit new volunteers.
"Some people come to work here with the best of intentions and it doesn't quite work out, it can be a bit confronting for them,” he says.
"Today is calm, there are days where it's relatively noisy but there's a nice atmosphere, but there are days where it's relatively noisy but the atmosphere is tense.
"Sometimes something has happened outside, and some of the angst comes in with them.”
Mr Crofts has witnessed a few run-ins between diners but does not often report them to police unless violence has occurred outside the kitchen.
"We tell them, what happens in here stays in here. But once they go outside it's a different kettle of fish.
"The good thing is when some diners are having a go at each other, the other diners tell them to pipe down.”
Any diner who is seen as a particular trouble-maker is discussed within meetings between several community groups in the area every two months, such as the Neighbourhood Centre and Community Care Options.
As an outreach of the Uniting Church, Mr Crofts says that by the end of the day, despite the angst and disagreements, diners need to understand it is a Christian environment.
"Today's prayer was not usual, we don't push it in their face.”
"Apart from Easter and Christmas you'll never hear religion spoken in the kitchen. All we ask of everyone is simply to treat each other with respect.”
Running its Easter lunch for the 27th year in a row, volunteers of the soup kitchen say thank you to the community for their generous food donations.
(ru) Все права защищены! © 2007 - Contact online news : При использовании материалов активная гиперссылка на www.contact.az обязательна
(en) All rights reserved! © 2007 - Contact online news : When reprinting, active hyperlink on www.contact.az required. Powered by © Contact Online news, 2007 -
Email: editor.contact.az@gmail.com
NASHVILLE — All-Pro safety Kevin Byard believes it doesn't get much better for he and his Titans teammates: First learning from defensive co-ordinator Dick LeBeau and now Dean Pees.
"Just having two legends as coaches on the defence, man, I was blessed," Byard said.
Now, what the Titans' defence with look like under Pees, that remains somewhat a mystery. Neither Pees nor the Titans are sharing many, if any, details right now. Oh, there's been talk of showing different looks on the defensive line and being consistent in coverages.
But that's about as much as Pees is willing to share.
"I'd like to be more little more precise, but I really don't want to talk about scheme particularly and what we're doing," Pees said Wednesday when asked about coverage consistency.
The Titans made a change from Mike Mularkey to first-timer Mike Vrabel as head coach in January mostly to get more production from an offence led by young quarterback Marcus Mariota. Even though the Titans were the AFC's best against the run and allowed a league-fewest five touchdowns rushing and tied for fifth in sacks, they still have plenty of room for improvement on defence.
Maybe because the Titans were so good against the run, they faced more passes than any other defence in the NFL. They also gave up the most first downs through the air last season. The Titans ranked 25th defending the pass, giving up 239.3 yards per game, and 17th in points allowed. Despite Byard intercepting eight passes, Tennessee finished with 12 interceptions overall — tied for 18th in the league.
With Pees last season, Baltimore ranked 12th in yards allowed per game. The Ravens led the NFL with 22 interceptions and also tied for 10th against the pass giving up 213.8 yards per game.
Pees, 68, has spent the last 14 of his 45 years as a coach in the NFL. But he hasn't talked with LeBeau, someone he's always admired and wanted to have a relationship with as a coach. The new Titans co-ordinator has been busy learning his new players and installing his defensive schemes with a little more than third installed as of Wednesday.
Outside linebacker Derrick Morgan, now on his fifth head-coach with this franchise, said the defence remains primarily a 3-4 base. Each coach uses different language to describe plays, and Morgan said learning that is the biggest challenge.
I walked on to the square looking for some okra, knowing it's still a bit early, but it was the first week of the farmers' market in Bruce, so why not … [Read More...]
This New Year's Eve, 750 heavy wooden crosses were distributed to a gathering of Chicagoans commemorating the victims of gun violence killed in 2016. Rev. Michael Pfleger and the Faith Community of St. Sabina Parish had issued a call to carry crosses constructed by Greg Zanis. The crosses, uniform in size, presented the name and age and, in many cases, a facial photo of the person killed. Some who carried the crosses were relatives of the people killed. As the group assembled, several sobbed upon finding the crosses that bore the names and photos of their loved ones.
Those carrying the heavy crosses along Chicago's “Magnificent Mile” of high-end shops and restaurants knew that other arms than theirs were aching…aching with longing for loved ones who would never return. In 2016, more people were killed in Chicago by gun violence than in New York City and Los Angeles combined. The number killed represented a 58% increase over the number killed in 2015. “How could this happen?” – was the question asked on the front page of the Chicago Tribune.
It was a year of social service program shutdowns driven by the Governor's office in Springfield. The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King's description of a triplet of giant evils, each insoluble in isolation from the others, helps us identify an answer to the Tribune's question. King spoke of the giant triplets of racism, extreme materialism and militarism. Training for, and the diversion of money to, wars overseas was a crisis inextricable from the race crisis at home, as were policies promoting radical wealth inequality. Representative Danny Davis, of Chicago, whose grandson was killed by gun violence in 2016, insists that “poverty was fueling the city's bloodshed, and that Chicago needed to make investments ‘to revamp whole communities.'”
Poverty and racism clearly interact: Blacks and Latinos comprise 56% of the incarcerated population, yet only 30% of the U.S. population. A report documenting the rates of incarceration for whites, African Americans, and Hispanics in the Illinois state prison system notes that over half of this prison population is black. For every 100,000 people in the state, 1,533 black people are imprisoned as compared to 174 white people and 282 Hispanic people. The consequences of incarceration affect entire communities: former prisoners are restricted in terms of employment, their families are disrupted, housing becomes unstable, they become disenfranchised, and stigmas persist.
We must also consider gun violence in relation to U.S. militarism. Gun violence in Chicago is condemned, as it should be, and yet a message to every one of the 9,000 Chicago Public School children participating in U.S. military junior ROTC programs is that killing is acceptable if you are following orders. Killing of civilians by the U.S. military is considered regrettable but acceptable “collateral damage”. These killings eliminate “high value targets”. The mere suspicion of harboring a targeted person in a home, restaurant, or mosque becomes an excuse for an airborne drone attack to execute whole families or communities. Ironically, this policy enacts an airborne version of a drive-by shooting.
Soldiers who have seen combat are less likely to praise the virtues of military life. “The myth is that the military teaches discipline,” say the Chicago area Veterans for Peace, in their ‘education not militarization' campaign. “The reality is that the military teaches children to follow orders without question and to use the military solution to conflict resolution – that is, death and destruction.”
President Obama had tears in his eyes in January, 2016, calling for relief from record breaking shootings and killings in the U.S. Yet 2016 became a record breaking year for U.S. export of weapons to other countries. The U.S. is responsible for nearly 33% of worldwide weapon exports—by far the top arms exporter on the planet.
“Arms deals are a way of life in Washington,” writes William Hartung. “From the president on down, significant parts of the government are intent on ensuring that American arms will flood the global market and companies like Lockheed and Boeing will live the good life. …American officials regularly act as salespeople for the arms firms. And the Pentagon is their enabler… In its first six years, team Obama entered into agreements to sell more weaponry than any administration since World War II.”
Carrying a cross along Michigan Avenue yesterday, I thought of the terrible slaughter in World War I that killed 38 million people. Elites, weapon makers, and war profiteers drove millions of men into the trenches to fight and die in the war that was to end all wars. In 1914, mired in mud, war-weary and miserable, troops on both sides took matters into their own hands. For a brief, yet magnificent time, they enabled the “Christmas truce”. One account relates how some German troops began singing one of their carols, and British and other troops then sang a carol from their side. As voices wafted across the no-man's land, troops began calling out to one another.
“Time and again during the course of that day, the Eve of Christmas, there were wafted towards us from the trenches opposite the sounds of singing and merry-making, and occasionally the guttural tones of a German were to be heard shouting out lustily, ‘A happy Christmas to you Englishmen!' Only too glad to show that the sentiments were reciprocated, back would go the response from a thick-set Clydesider, ‘Same to you, Fritz, but dinna o'er eat yourself wi' they sausages!'”
“The high command on both sides took a dim view of the activities and orders were issued to stop the fraternizing with varying results. In some areas, the truce ended Christmas Day in others the following day and in others it extended into January.”
Dr. King said, “Our only hope today lies in our ability to recapture the revolutionary spirit, and go out into a sometimes hostile world declaring eternal hostility to poverty, racism, and militarism.” The soldiers in those trenches went out into their no-man's land and showed the world one way to end wars. They should never have had to. It was left to them to venture into the no-man's land, risking exposure to the others' fire and their generals' punishment for disobeying orders.
No matter what gang is issuing the orders to kill, whether a massive military power or a smaller group that has acquired weapons, we can all claim our right not to develop, store, sell or use weapons. We can claim our right not to kill and not to live with the memory of having killed. “Declaring eternal hostility” to the fear, greed and hate which are our real enemies seems to be our true hope. We can lay aside forever the futility of killing. We can be hopeful and determined that our resources and ingenuity are directed toward meeting human needs.
Amazon's latest perk ... free delivery to your car.
The Seattle company on Tuesday began offering delivery in 37 cities to Amazon Prime members who own newer General Motors or Volvo vehicles.
The company will expand the number of locations as well as eligible vehicle makes and models.
Amazon has steadily broadened its reach into places long considered no-go zones for most people outside of the immediate family, starting with smart speakers in the home that await voice commands to come to life.
Last year, Amazon launched Amazon Key which lets those with a Wi-Fi-connected lock to unlock their front doors so that packages could be left inside. Earlier this year, the company acquired Ring, which makes Wi-Fi-connected cameras and doorbells.
The in-car delivery service is available to members of Amazon Prime whose cars are parked in publicly accessible areas, such as on the street in front of an apartment building, at a workplace parking lot, or in a driveway. Amazon won't deliver to a private parking garage or other places where access to a vehicle is not readily available. Packages are placed in the vehicle's trunk or out of plain sight.
Deliveries are available right now to Prime members with 2015 year or newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC or Cadillac vehicles with GM's OnStar connected-car service, and those with a 2015 or newer Volvo vehicle with an active Volvo On Call account.
Customers must download the Amazon Key app to which they can link a connected car.
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox Monday through Friday. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
On the day a package is scheduled for delivery, customers can use the Amazon Key app to confirm that their car is parked in a place where a delivery can be made.
The app also provides notifications with an expected 4-hour delivery window and notifies customers when the package is on its way and when it's been delivered. Customers can track when their car was unlocked and relocked through the app, where they can also rate the experience.
"Receiving a package securely and reliably in your car, without you having to be there, is something we think many people will appreciate," said Atif Rafiq, chief digital officer at Volvo Cars. "This mix of car and commerce is starting the next wave of innovation and we intend to be at the forefront."
To check eligibility and to sign up for Amazon Key In-Car, visit amazon.com/keyincar.
RSA USA Every year, the RSA Conference in San Francisco brings out the best and the brightest for its crypto panel, and the view from the floor was simple. Ignore the fads and hyped technology, and concentrate on the basics: good, clean, secure programming.
The panelists were unimpressed with recent moves to build artificially intelligent security systems – despite the success of programs like the DARPA Cyber challenge – saying it was too early to consider such systems reliable and warning that some may never be.
“I'm skeptical of AI on security,” said Ronald Rivest, MIT Institute professor and the ‘R' in RSA. “Where we are seeing it becoming a wedge issue with the recent election is with AI bots in chat rooms. In 10 or 15 years you'll be competing to find a real human in a sea of chat bots.”
His former colleague at RSA, Adi Shamir, currently the Borman professor of computer science at the Weizmann Institute, was similarly skeptical about AI systems in security. Attempting to train such a device could lead to interesting problems.
“Fifteen years from now we will give all data to AI systems, it will think, and [then] say that in order to save the internet I'll have to kill it,” he semi-joked. “The internet is beyond salvaging; we need to start over with something better.”
Some AI systems might be useful for IT defense, Shamir said, given the ability for computers to handle large volumes of data and check for anomalies. But you need a human touch to find zero-day flaws and attack using them, he opined.
Shamir was equally dismissive of quantum computing systems and quantum cryptography, saying it was “not on my list of worries.” He was far more concerned about using large-scale computing to hack existing encryption algorithms.
Susan Landau, professor of cybersecurity policy at Worcester Polytechnic Institute, said she was worried about quantum systems. There hasn't been enough research into building quantum computing-proof algorithms and the industry was missing a tick, she insisted.
Meanwhile Whitfield Diffie, one of the inventors of public key encryption, said that the issues facing the industry weren't going to be fixed by a magic AI or quantum bullet. Instead the industry needs to go back to fundamentals, he suggested.
“If the resources spent on interactive security, such as firewalls and antivirus and the like, were spent on improvements in the logical functioning of devices and a big improvement in quality of programming, we would get much better results,” Diffie said. ®
Doosan Heavy Industries & Construction Co., South Korea's top power equipment maker, said Thursday that its British affiliate has clinched a 87.5 billion-won ($77.8 million) deal to build a water purification facility.
Doosan Enpure has signed the deal with Severn Trent Water, a British water supplier, Doosan Heavy said.
(Yonhap)
The facility will be able to process 320,000 tons of water on a daily basis. Its construction will be completed in 2020, according to Doosan Heavy.In 2012, Doosan Heavy acquired Enpure in a bid to strengthen its desalination business. (Yonhap)
Mayor John Tory's executive committee has ignored pleas to bring a key report on the city's long-term financial future before council. The long-awaited report from outgoing City Manager Peter Wallace explains the pitfalls ahead — including a $1.42-billion gap in the operating budget in just five years — and a partial roadmap for the way out. After it was delayed by a year, the report was presented to executive committee with a recommendation that the new city manager come back with an actionable vision. But despite members of the public and outside councillors asking it be considered by council as a whole — and promises from staff in December 2016 that it would be considered by council “well in advance of 2018 budget decisions” — executive committee members voted to support a motion from Tory that will see staff returning with a plan in 2019. It is unlikely an implementation plan would have any impact before a 2020 budget, when the operating gap is expected to grow to $730 million. By law, the city must approve a balanced budget. Council can also not direct action in a new term, so the future of that plan is unclear.
Article Continued Below
“I do think this report should be forwarded to the governing body of this corporation. It contains, yet again, another analysis of the fiscal frailty of this city,” said Councillor Janet Davis, who said she asked members of the executive to support sending the item to council, but none agreed. “I feel insulted, frankly, after four years in this term of council, that I have not been given the obligation to engage in this report and to have my community know how I stand on these very items before an election,” she said. The municipal election is set for Oct. 22.
The item was discussed in the Scarborough Civic Centre's council chamber on Monday. It was the first time the executive meeting has been moved from city hall in at least a decade, according to a review of public meeting minutes. The sunken chamber was host to senior staff from several divisions who had made the trip to answer questions. Technical staff rigged up live-streaming equipment in the room. Someone brought coffee for a reception with the mayor. During a presentation, Wallace outlined the challenges ahead without new revenue from taxes, fees or asset sales — making it difficult for council “to deliver on the vision” of plans approved to combat climate change, poverty and build out the city's transit network. He presented three possible futures: Cutting services to deal with a lack of revenue; maintaining the status quo with a “modest” increase in revenue, or engage in broader city building by raising substantial revenues. The city needs $900 million over the next five years just to maintain existing service levels — to keep buses coming as often as they do now, maintain roads at the existing pace and keep libraries open at the current hours. That money would not allow for any expansion or new programs. In the first hypothetical scenario, council would need to cut $900 million over five years to reduce the city's financial footprint. In the last scenario — which includes doing the things council promised or has already committed to but not funded — they would need to raise over $1 billion over the next five years. “This is not intended to be a panacea,” Wallace told executive members about his report generally. This was Wallace's last executive meeting after he was tapped by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to become secretary of the Treasury Board. About 10 members of the public who spoke on the item agreed the report should be up for debate at council. Tory said it should be up to the next term of council to decide how to move forward, noting there are no recommendations for council to decide on now. “This is a report that is, I think, intended to be a framework as opposed to a prescriptive set of measures that are meant to be taken forward for approval or not,” he said. “The last thing I think we need to do is actually to approve some sort of plan that isn't really a plan at the moment and then have council turn around and change it or reverse it.” Budget chief Councillor Gary Crawford, in his speech, concluded: “We are in pretty good financial shape.” For the last three years, Wallace has said council has put many important decisions off to a future date, relies too heavily on a hot housing market and faces a growing operating gap in just five years.
Read more about:
Pure gold also moved down by similar margin to finish at Rs29,510 per 10 grams compared to Rs29,595 on Thursday. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
Mumbai: Gold prices slipped by Rs85 after Thursday's modest gain to finish at Rs29,360 per 10 grams at the bullion market here Friday following subdued demand from stockists and retailers.
Silver eased further on mild speculative selling and lower industrial buying. Standard gold (99.5 purity) declined by Rs85 to end at Rs29,360 per 10 grams from Thursday's level of Rs29,445. Pure gold (99.9 purity) also moved down by similar margin to finish at Rs29,510 per 10 grams compared to Rs29,595 Thursday.
However, silver (.999 fineness) edged down by Rs10 per kg to close at Rs38,850 against Rs38,860 previously. Globally, gold steadied above a two-month low ahead of hotly anticipated US payrolls data, but stayed on track for a fourth straight weekly loss as the dollar rose to its highest in more than seven weeks.
Spot gold was trading flat at $1,267.46 an ounce in early European trade, while silver was up at $16.59 an ounce.
With Optus having officially sacrificed Virgin Mobile, many former Virgin customers are likely now looking to take up new phone plans that offer similar value to what they had before.
Optus, which already hosts the Virgin network, has decided to throw those displaced Virgins a bone, announcing a number of plans and phone bundles that it hopes will make the transition over to the official Optus dominion a tad smoother.
On average, the new plans and bundles (which include 24-month contracts with a phone included, alongside 12-month SIM-only plans) are around $10-$15 cheaper than their standard Optus equivalents.
For example, Optus' usual SIM-only plan with 5GB of data (on a 12-month contract) is priced at $45 per month, while the version of that plan offered to former Virgin Mobile customers is available for only $30 per month.
If you're a Virgin Mobile customer looking to take advantage of the exclusive plans and bundles on offer, simply head over to the offer's landing page and enter your Virgin Mobile phone number.
OSLO — The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, a group of mostly young activists pushing for a global treaty to ban the cataclysmic bombs.
The award of the $1.1-million prize comes amid heightened tensions over both North Korea's aggressive development of nuclear weapons and U.S. President Donald Trump's persistent criticism of the deal to curb Iran's nuclear program.
The prize committee wanted "to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations," Oeivind Stenersen, a historian of the peace prize, told The Associated Press. "The prize is also coded support to the Iran nuclear deal. I think this was wise because recognizing the Iran deal itself could have been seen as giving support to the Iranian state."
The Geneva-based ICAN has campaigned actively for the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, which was adopted by 122 countries at the United Nations in July. On Sept. 20, the first day the treaty was open for signature, 51 countries signed it and three submitted their ratifications. The treaty needs 50 ratifications to go into force, which advocates are confident will happen.
The United States, Russia, Britain, France and China all boycotted the negotiations; India, Pakistan and North Korea did not vote.
ICAN also organized events globally in 2015 to mark the 70th anniversaries of The Second World War's devastating U.S. atomic bombing of the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Last month in Berlin, ICAN protesters teamed up with other organizations to demonstrate outside the U.S. and North Korean embassies against the possibility of nuclear war between the two countries. Wearing masks of Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, protesters posed next to a dummy nuclear missile and a large banner reading "Time to Go: Ban Nuclear Weapons."
The group "has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world's nations to pledge to co-operate ... in efforts to stigmatize, prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons," Norwegian Nobel Committee chair Berit Reiss-Andersen said in the announcement.
The prize "sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behaviour. We will not support it, we will not make excuses for it. We can't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security. That's not how you build security," ICAN executive director Beatrice Fihn told reporters Friday in Geneva.
She said that she "worried that it was a prank" after getting a phone call just minutes before the official Peace Prize announcement was made. Fihn said she didn't believe it until she heard the name of the group being proclaimed on television.
The Federal Reserve's decision on an interest rate hike will likely cause some more market volatility later this week. Analysts expect the US policymaker to raise the rate by 0.25 per cent on Wednesday, which experts say could send global markets into another tailspin after inflation fears led to a major market selloff in February.
Ahead of that announcement, financial officials from the world's wealthiest countries including Canada will be meeting at the Group of 20 events in South America. Traders will be watching for any mention on tariffs or possible trade wars between China and the US.
On Wall Street, the Dow is expected to be weighted by the Tech Sector this morning. This comes as Facebook shares have dropped three per cent following more questions about data breaches and voting influence in the 2016 US election. Apple is adding some weight as well with shares down 1 per cent as the company is dropping Samsung as a screen provider to take on a more expensive venture of building its screens in house.
The Loonie is gaining to 76.39 cents US ahead of Stats Can report on inflation and retail sales coming later this week.
Oil is down to 62.13 a barrel.
Gold has dropped to 1,310 an ounce.
PORTLAND, Oregon -- Some 7,500 people flocked to Portland Marine Terminal 2 in Portland, Ore., Saturday for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Portland (LPD 27) -- the 11th San Antonio-class ship built by Ingalls Shipbuilding in Pascagoula.
Among the speaker's during the event was Ingalls president Brian Cuccias, who said "ships like Portland provide the tools our sailors and Marines need in both military and humanitarian operations, protecting the homeland, and in service around the globe.
"Thousands of dedicated shipbuilders -- riggers, fitters, welders, machinists, designers, planners and many others -- poured tens of thousands of hours transforming raw materials and equipment into the ship our Navy is commissioning today," Cuccias continued.
"Our shipbuilders are indeed a national asset who support defense of our nation and freedom across the globe. Our national heroes, the men and women who will sail this great ship into harm's way, deserve nothing less than America's best."
Deputy Secretary of Defense Patrick M. Shanahan delivered the keynote address, while Bonnie Amos, wife of former Marine Corps Commandant Gen. James F. Amos, served as ship's sponsor.
Amos gave the order to "man our ship and bring her to life."
Ingalls has two more San Antonio-class ships on the way. The Fort Lauderdale (LPD 28) is currently under construction and a contract for construction of LPD 29 was awarded to the Pascagoula shipyard earlier this year. LPD's are amphibious transport dock ships.
LPD 27 is the second ship named in honor of Oregon's largest city and the third to carry the name Portland. The first was the heavy cruiser USS Portland (CA 33), commissioned in 1933 and named for Portland, Maine. CA 33 saw extensive action during World War II, including campaigns in Guadalcanal, Leyte Gulf, Corregidor and Okinawa.
The other ship named Portland was a dock landing ship (LSD 37) which was named for both Portlands in Oregon and Maine. Commissioned in 1970, she served for 33 years and participated in a number of important operations.
Calling for a complete reform, Samsung Electronics Vice Chairman Kwon Oh-hyun on Monday urged the South Korean tech giant to move on from the Galaxy Note 7 debacle last year and seek new opportunities for future technologies.“Taking last year's experience, which cost a lot, as a lesson, we have to achieve a complete reform this year,” he said at meeting to kick off the year at Samsung Digital City in Suwon, Gyeonggi Province.“We should not compromise with even minor problems in terms of product quality (which is) the basic element of product competitiveness. … Let's restore our pride in product quality by improving the production process and strengthening monitoring.”Kwon suggested establishing a new corporate culture that is open to creative ideas and flexible to change, stressing the intensifying market for future industries and economic uncertainty.“(Market) uncertainty is intensifying with stagnant growth in major markets and the rise of protectionism. Rival companies are concentrating on future industries, on artificial intelligence and big data, by making drastic investment,” he said. “By facing the reality strictly, let's overcome the crisis confidently.”The meeting was held without the attendance of Samsung Electronics Vice Chairman Lee Jae-yong, who joined the board in October.By Cho Chung-un(christory@heraldcorp.com)
Have your say
Two lanes have been closed and traffic is building on a motorway in West Yorkshire after a smash.
The A1M is being hit with congestion after two lanes were closed at Junction 44 to 42 southbound. More to follow.
Syed Qamar A Rizvi
GIVEN the growing complexities in a volatile ME which today represents the worst from of political mayhem, to handle such an appalling situation with political acumen— advocated by a policy of via media vis-à-vis Qatar and Saudi Arab— remains one of the gravest foreign policy challenges posed to Pakistan in present time. Last Monday, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates announced that they are breaking up all ties with Qatar, alleging the country fuels extremism and terrorism. Yet, the current conflict also exposes the glaring paradoxes of Western diplomacy in the Middle East.
As for this Western-Arab standoff with Qatar, the apparently chartered reason is Qatar's irresponsible—and today impractical—acceptance of terrorism, connection to Iran and promotion of destabilizing forces in the region. The new fissure in the Persian Gulf is in and of itself a big political turmoil — which is already being called by some political observers as the biggest diplomatic conundrum in the region since the Gulf War in 1991.
The western critics also argue, Qatar has now been scapegoated for funding Al-Qaeda and IS, something most have known for years, a question arises: does this mean that Saudi Arabia — another controversial political actor in the region and around the globe — is now off the hook. But an insight into the Mideast affairs indoctrinates that the consequences will ripple beyond the region's internal politics and seriously imperil US military operations in the region. In the Middle East, Qatar is core to the US CENTCOM , which manages all military operations in Afghanistan and the Middle East.
The big breakup— between Doha and Washington on the one side, and Doha and its Sunni neighbors on the other— exposes the vexing dual role Qatar has long been playing for the US in its fight against radicalism in the Middle East. On one hand, the US takes part with a Qatar which is a large source of support and funding for groups it considers to be terrorist organizations, like Hamas, or adversaries, like the Muslim Brotherhood. But on the other hand, Washington has also been allowing the Pentagon to operate bases in its territory and to serve as an intermediary between Washington and Islamist groups across the region. Is it not true that Qatar helped broker the deal with the Taliban that won the release of the imprisoned US Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl?
That logically means the past US administrations have had been willing to work with Qatar out of a belief that the positives outweighed the clear negatives, including its unofficial support for militant activities in the region. And how paradoxically it is and it has been in the US's interest for all the countries in the region to be on good enough terms to be able to join the US-led campaign against IS. That's why the initial response by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was to call for calm and dialogue. “We certainly would encourage the parties to sit down together and address these differences,” Tillerson said in Australia on last Monday. “If there's any role that we can play in terms of helping them address those, we think it is important that the [Gulf Cooperation Council] remain unified.”
As for Pakistan, nothing seems so much demanding than to rebalance its ME policy. For decades, Pakistan's Middle East policy has been shaped by two competing legacies: religious thinking and the priorities dictated by the post-colonial order. But the rise of new power poles in the Middle East accompanied by the international response to curbing terrorism— in the post IS (Daesh) phase, now precipitating the Qatar-Saudi rift—urges that Pakistan would have to give a second thought to its present Mideast policy notwithstanding the fact that Islamabad has already joined a Saudi-led Islamic Military Alliance.
As to the West, Qatar's role in facilitating an intra-Afghan reconciliation process and hosting a de-facto Taliban office makes it an increasingly important stakeholder for Pakistan to engage with smartly. On the commercial side, Islamabad hopes a deal to import Qatari liquefied natural gas for the next 15 years will supplement a separate, Russian-sponsored, $2 billion Karachi-Lahore gas pipeline that will feed Pakistan's energy-starved industries. (The GCC is the club of Persian Gulf nations that Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the UAE, and Qatar are a part of.) In 2014, Pakistan turned down a request by its most allied in the Middle East to deploy troops against Bahrain and displayed the same reservations over its joining to Saudi Arabia's fight in Yemen.
And yet, what may be an upping the ante situation for Islamabad to resolve is that in a divided Middle East where a quasi- Cold War déjà vu between US -Russia already persists, the situation could further be complicated by China's direct entry— into this complex game changer matrix— after maintaining neutrality in most regional feuds, is compelled into picking sides in the conflict, especially when Washington allies with Riyadh. While Islamabad's position is already baffled because of its joining the Saudi –led Islamic Military Alliance , a political-cum-diplomatic harmony in Islamabad- Tehran- Istanbul could significantly and pragmatically increase Pakistan's diplomatic leverage in this strategically vital part of the world and capitalize on the strategic as well as commercial potential of three million Pakistanis working in the Gulf.
As transnational warfare and migrations largely affect the origin dynamics of the twentieth century nation-state boundaries across the Middle East and North Africa, Islamabad badly needs a revisiting in its partnerships within the region. For Islamabad, finding China and Saudi in opposing alliances would be an unprecedented foreign policy challenge. In this backdrop, to carve out a comprehensive diplomatic strategy— that could simultaneously protect Pakistan's geo- strategic, geo-economic and geo political interests—seems a mammoth task ahead.
— The writer, an independent ‘IR' researcher-cum-analyst based in Karachi, is a member of European Consortium for Political Research Standing Group on IR, Critical Peace & Conflict Studies.
Email:[email protected]
PKL Auctions 2018: Full list of all players who were bought by Pro Kabaddi League teams
As many as six players crossed the Rs 1 crore barrier on the day.
Prasen Moudgal SENIOR ANALYST News 30 May 2018, 22:15 IST 7.66K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Monu Goyat
The first day of the VIVO Pro Kabaddi Season 6 witnessed some riveting action as over 200 players went under the hammer on a day which witnessed six players emerging the costliest, with their contracts exceeding over Rs 1 crore that set a new record in the history of the league.
Iran's Fazel Athrachali set the record for the highest price at Rs 1 crore before Deepak Niwas Hooda's services were bought for a whopping Rs 115 lakh by the Jaipur Pink Panthers. Nitin Tomar too went for a high price of Rs 115 lakh to match Hooda before Rishank Devadiga's bid of Rs 111 lakh from Delhi was snapped up by UP Yoddha, who used up their FBM card.
Rahul Chaudhari topped the costliest players' list at Rs 129 lakh before a thrilling bid of Rs 151 lakh for Monu Goyat emerged as the latest record, sending the auction room into a round of vociferous applause. Here's the list of all players bought on the day.
Bengal Warriors
Raiders:
Jang Kun Lee - ₹33 lakh
Defenders:
Ziaur Rehman - ₹33.25 lakh
All-rounders:
Ran Singh - ₹43 lakh
Shrikant Tewathia - ₹25 lakh
Bengaluru Bulls
Raiders:
Kashiling Adake - ₹32 lakh
Defenders:
Mahender Singh - ₹40 lakh
All-rounders:
Dong Ju Hong - ₹8 lakh
Gyung Tae Kim -₹8 lakh
Dabang Delhi KC
Raiders:
Pawan Kumar Kadian - ₹20 lakh
Khomsan Thongkham - ₹8 lakh
Naveen Kumar - NYP
Gujarat Fortunegiants
Raiders:
K Prapanjan - ₹38 lakh
Dong Geon Lee - ₹17.2 lakh
Lalit Chaudhary - NYP
Defenders:
Parvesh Bhainswal - ₹35 lakh
Vikram Kandola - NYP
All-rounders:
Hadi Oshtarak - ₹12 lakh
Anil - NYP
Haryana Steelers
Raiders:
Monu Goyat - ₹151 lakh
Wazir Singh - ₹20 lakh
Md. Zakir Hossain - ₹8.4 lakh
Arun Kumar HN - NYP
Defenders:
Surender Nada - ₹75 lakh
All-rounders:
Patrick Nzau Muvai - ₹8 lakh
Jaipur Pink Panthers
Raiders:
Anup Kumar - ₹30 lakh
David Mosambayi - ₹10.2 lakh
Lokesh Kaushik - NYP
Defenders:
Mohit Chhillar - ₹58 lakh
Sandeep Kumar Dhull - ₹66 lakh
Young Chang Ko - ₹11.4 lakh
All-rounders:
Deepak Niwas Hooda - ₹115 lakh
Patna Pirates
Raiders:
Deepak Narwal - ₹57 lakh
All-rounders:
Kuldeep Singh - ₹22 lakh
Taedok Eom - ₹11.4 lakh
Hyunil Park - ₹8 lakh
Puneri Paltan
Raiders:
Nitin Tomar - ₹115 lakh
All-rounders:
Takamitsu Kono - ₹8 lakh
Sanjay Shreshta - ₹8 lakh
Amit Kumar - NYP
Tamil Thalaivas
Raiders:
Sukesh Hegde - ₹28 lakh
Rajnish - NYP
Defenders:
Darshan. J - ₹28 lakh
Jae Min Lee - ₹8 lakh
All-rounders:
Manjeet Chhillar - ₹20 lakh
Chan Sik Park - ₹8 lakh
Telugu Titans
Raiders:
Rahul Chaudhari - ₹129 lakhs
Kamal Singh - NYP
Ankit Beniwal - NYP
Anand - NYP
Defenders:
Abozar Mighani - ₹76 lakh
Farhad Milagardhan - ₹21.5 lakh
U Mumba
Raiders:
Abolfazl Maghsodlou - ₹21.75 lakh
Gaurav Kumar - NYP
Defenders:
Fazel Athrachali - ₹100 lakh
Hadi Tajik - ₹11 lakh
All-rounders:
Ananth Kumar - NYP
Mohit Baliyan - NYP
U.P Yoddha
Raiders:
Rishank Devadiga - ₹111 lakh
Shrikant Jadhav - ₹37 lakh
Sulieman Kabir - ₹8 lakh
Azad Singh - NYP
Defenders:
Jeeva Kumar - ₹45 lakh
All-rounders:
Seong Ryeol Kim - ₹8.2 lakh
Arkam Shaikh - NYP
The article goes on to say that the TTC could hire an additional 20 inspectors for $2 million per year — that's $100,000 per officer. And with this effort they could recoup about $600,000 or roughly 25 per cent of what they've spent.
Here's how it seems it will work: the incognito officer will keep an eye out for one or perhaps more potential fare evaders — even though the suspects might well have a transfer tucked away in one of their pockets — who get on a streetcar via the backdoor. If, and when a uniformed officer comes aboard and asks one of these “potential fare evaders” for transfer and he/she says something like, “I was going to pay but I couldn't figure out how,” in hope of getting off with a warning, the covert officer would come forward and say that that just wasn't true, that he/she had been watching — might even have the whole event on video. A $235 fine might then be issued.
The TTC's transit enforcement unit has been given the green light to use plainclothes enforcement officers on streetcars. These spy-like officers will ride the rails covertly and watch for those who they believe haven't paid their fare.
Here is a solution to the fare evasion problem. Return to the system that had been in existence for decades and actually follow it.
The entire story just goes from crazy to crazier. The TTC needs to stop this once and for all. All passengers should enter streetcars via the front door where they would pay, validate their Presto card or show their transfer. When it's time to disembark, each and every one of them should do this via the backdoor. On at the front, off at the back. The Better Way.
In my day, the longstanding accepted practice was you entered from the front doors paid your fare and you only exited from the rear doors. Unfortunately, over the years, riders started to exit from the front doors and drivers allowed it. This encouraged people not to move to the rear and those attempting to board were impeded by both riders exiting from the front doors and the logjam of riders congregating at those doors to exit at future stops. This situation caused unnecessary delays in boarding and a lot of frustration as riders resisted any requests to move to the rear doors.
I would also suggest an additional twist to the traditional system that in the end would speed up the process and reduce the level of frustration. The front doors should remain closed while the rear doors are opened for exiting. Once that has been completed and rear doors closed, the front doors would be opened for boarding.
A few may still attempt to board from the rear doors to evade paying but the higher volume of exiting riders should create a physical deterrent. It may take some time for riders to adjust to this orderly process of boarding and exiting but in the end it will be a much more pleasant experience and a lot cheaper than what the TTC is proposing as a solution. Who is on board for a sane and civilized solution?
Another thing: $100,000 in salary and benefits for fare inspectors and we wonder why the TTC has budget problem.
Greg Sheehan, Mississauga
The TTC has hired plain clothes officers to report people who don't pay transit fares of approximately $20 million per year (2.7 per cent of all fare income). The majority of the people not paying fares likely have low incomes.
If Mayor John Tory were to increase property taxes by $14.50 a month on the 115,000 millionaires that live in Toronto the TTC would not have to spy on poor people. It's a question of priorities and it would appear that Mayor Tory would rather see the TTC criminalize the poor than see the City of Toronto tax the rich.
Mike Balkwill, Toronto
Note to chief special constable Mark Cousins: not all riders on the TTC who don't pay their fare are cheats.
This past summer, I took my two grandchildren to Centre Island, travelling by TTC from Etobicoke. On our return, we entered the Queen's Quay station for the streetcar to Union Station. The platform was packed and we just managed to board the next streetcar, with two kids, a stroller and me balanced on the steps just inside the doors. I looked for a place to pay my fare, but the streetcar was literally jammed to the doors so I was unable to do so.
Upon arrival at Union Station there was a gauntlet of TTC constables checking for fare evaders. I still had my fare in my hand but, obviously, no proof of payment. The constable stopped me and demanded proof of payment. I explained to him why I had none but his reply was to threaten me with a several hundred dollar fine, thus humiliating and embarrassing my in front of my grandchildren.
I was allowed to go up to the concourse to pay my fare while the kids had to wait on the lower level. Is this how the TTC should be treating honest citizens? How about a little compassion and understanding?
James Rayner, Etobicoke
So the TTC wants to dispatch secret inspectors to catch scofflaws for failing to pay their fare. Will they do this after, or in spite of, observing the errant passenger trying (often vainly) to negotiate the fare machine (today it was someone with a Presto card, who couldn't get a transfer — every day it's a new problem). Will they do this when someone gets on the streetcar after a 20-minute wait (I use a pass, but there have been many times when I have felt that TTC service is so bad that they should be paying me to use the system!)
But, if they want to do something really useful, perhaps they could encourage the free-riders — those under 12 — to give up their seats to seniors and the disabled —the people who have paid their fares. That would be a worthwhile use of secret inspectors.
Brigitte Nowak, Toronto
President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump held their first state dinner on Tuesday night, honoring the French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte, amid the swanky, gold-themed backdrop of the White House State Room. Luminaries from the worlds of business and politics were in attendance.
Trump broke with tradition by not holding a state dinner during his first year in office. At the time, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said there was no "singular reason" for the decision.
Political observers searched for meaning in Trump's decision to host Macron, suggesting Trump found some measure of camaraderie in his French counterpart, who, like him, rose to the presidency on an insurgent campaign.
Here are some of the high-profile guests who attended the event:
Cherry blossoms adorned the halls and the dining room was decorated with white sweet-pea lilacs.
play Cherry blossoms adorned the halls and the dining room was decorated with white sweet-pea lilacs. (Carlos Barria/Reuters)
President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump prepare to greet French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte Macron as they arrive at the White House.
play President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump prepare to greet French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte Macron as they arrive at the White House. (Andrew Harnik/AP)
The Trumps and the Macrons pose for a photo before the festivities begin.
play The Trumps and the Macrons pose for a photo before the festivities begin. (Andrew Harnik/AP)
Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump arrive ...
play Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump arrive ... (Alex Brandon/AP)
... as well as White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders and her husband Bryan Sanders
play ... as well as White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders and her husband Bryan Sanders (Alex Brandon/AP)
Senior White House adviser Stephen Miller.
play Senior White House adviser Stephen Miller. (Joshua Roberts/Reuters)
Media mogul Rupert Murdoch and his wife, Jerry Hall
play Media mogul Rupert Murdoch and his wife, Jerry Hall (Alex Brandon/AP)
Apple CEO Tim Cook and former EPA administrator Lisa Jackson join the festivities ...
play Apple CEO Tim Cook and former EPA administrator Lisa Jackson join the festivities ... (Alex Brandon/AP)
... along with defense secretary Jim Mattis and ...
play ... along with defense secretary Jim Mattis and ... (Joshua Roberts/Reuters)
... CIA director Mike Pompeo, with his wife, Susan.
play ... CIA director Mike Pompeo, with his wife, Susan. (Joshua Roberts/Reuters)
White House chief of staff John Kelly greets reporters with his wife, Karen by his side.
play White House chief of staff John Kelly greets reporters with his wife, Karen by his side. (Alex Brandon/AP)
Treasury secretary Steve Mnuchin and his wife Louise Linton showed up.
play Treasury secretary Steve Mnuchin and his wife Louise Linton showed up. (Alex Brandon/AP)
As did commerce secretary Wilbur Ross and his wife, Hilary Geary
play As did commerce secretary Wilbur Ross and his wife, Hilary Geary (Joshua Roberts/Reuters)
National security adviser John Bolton and his wife Gretchen Smith Bolton were in attendance.
play National security adviser John Bolton and his wife Gretchen Smith Bolton were in attendance. (Alex Brandon/AP)
House Speaker Paul Ryan, and his wife, Janna, were in the building.
play House Speaker Paul Ryan, and his wife, Janna, were in the building. (Alex Brandon/AP)
Homeland Security secretary Kirstjen Nielsen and Homeland Security chief of staff Chad Wolf stepped in ...
play Homeland Security secretary Kirstjen Nielsen and Homeland Security chief of staff Chad Wolf stepped in ... (Alex Brandon/AP)
... as did former secretary of state Henry Kissinger and his wife, Nancy.
play ... as did former secretary of state Henry Kissinger and his wife, Nancy. (Alex Brandon/AP)
The chief justice of the Supreme Court, John Roberts attended with his wife, Jane.
play Supreme Court Justice Chief Justice John Roberts and his wife Jane Roberts arrive for a State Dinner with French President Emmanuel Macron and President Donald Trump at the White House, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Washington. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
The Trumps and the Macrons make their entrance.
Published:
Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo has praised the Aliko Dangote Foundation for donating fully fitted 150 operational vehicles to the Police
The vice-president said the vehicles would assist in combating crime and described the Foundation Chairman, Alhaji Aliko Dangote, as a rare entrepreneur who has done so much to grow the nation's economy.
He said the government needed people like Dangote to join hands with it to grow the economy and provide jobs for the youths.
He said: “There have been a lot of talks on private-public partnership, but as we can see Alhaji Dangote is walking the talk.
“Government's role is to provide the enabling environment while the private sector should take advantage of the opportunities that abound to grow and develop the economy.
”The donation of 150 cars to the Nigerian Police Force is laudable and we thank Aliko Dangote Foundation for this rare gesture which is characteristic of the person of Aliko Dangote.
“He has shown over the years to be an entrepreneur with a difference, a man that gives so much to the poor”
Describing the donation as the single largest by any private individual to a security outfit, Osibanjo urged other Nigerians to join hands with the Federal Government to effectively secure the country.
Dangote explained that the donation was imperative considering the importance of security to the economy.
He said: “We are gathered here today to mark the formal handover of a total number of 150 GAC saloon cars to the Nigeria Police Force in order to help boost their operational efficiency.
“I am told that today marks the single biggest number of operational vehicles ever donated to the law enforcement agency by a private organisation.
“Considering the challenges government face in meeting the needs of the populace for necessities like health, education and security, various Public Private Partnerships (PPP) initiatives have been developed.”
The Foundation, according to Dangote, has been active in the areas of health, education, economic empowerment and disaster relief, adding that it had expended up to N10 billion annually.
While calling on other corporate organisations to rise up to the challenge, Dangote said his Foundation donated N50 million to the Lagos State Security Trust Fund (LSSTF), and built the Police Intelligence Hostel Complex in Kwara State.
“Today, we are deepening our intervention in security with the donation of these 150 fully-kitted operational vehicles to the Police Force. These vehicles will support the Nigeria Police Force in surveillance, crime prevention and promote law and order.”
Inspector-General of Police Ibrahim Idris promised that the cars would be well-utilised for the purpose for which they were donated.
He urged Nigerians to go about their business lawfully, noting that the Police were well-equipped more than ever before to fight crime across the country.
Chairman of the CIG Motors Nigeria Limited Chief Diana Chan, said the action had thrown a challenge to other private sector operators to come to the aid of the security agencies.
Share This
Fifth Harmony are reportedly planning to go their separate ways.
The foursome - made up of Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregu - are planning to split up and focus on their own solo careers after seeing their former band mate Camila Cabello do so well on her own over the last year.
A source told The Sun newspaper: "Things haven't been the same since Camila's departure and everyone has run out of patience with Fifth Harmony. Basically, the band feel their label is prioritising Camila and have become hard work behind the scenes. They've watched how much effort and money has gone into Camila's career and feel they've been used to catapult her into solo stardom. Her album received more Â­backing than their last project and they know their days at Epic are numbered.
"Each member is making solo preparations but no one wants to be on the same label as Camila which is why Lauren has moved to another Sony subsidiary, Columbia."
However, the news won't come as too much of a surprise to fans as Dinah recently said she was thinking about a solo career after doing a duet with Leona Lewis.
Asked how her sound might differ from that of the band, Dinah said: "To be honest, that's something I don't even know yet. I have not stood on my own in a while.
"Singing with Leona was such an experience because I grew up listening to her music. When I was eleven I posted my first YouTube cover to one of her songs. Performing with her just makes me so excited for what's to come.
"I never thought in a million years I would be in a girl group, so I can't look too deep into the future. But I am revisiting childhood favourites from genre, like reggae. I'm excited to see if I'll use these sounds in my own music."
Fifth Harmony's future was first thrown into serious doubt in December 2016 when Camila left the group in abrupt fashion.
A Brazilian jiu jitsu athlete from Omemee has been charged with aggravated assault following an attack in a Peterborough parking lot Saturday.
Police say a man was walking past a McDonnel Street parking lot at about 2:30 a.m. Saturday when he saw a crowd of people who appeared to be targeting an individual. When the man tried to intervene, police say, he realized the individual was not being targeted and was actually trying to engage members of the crowd in a fight.
The man was hit in the face before seeing three men leave the scene. Police arrived and brought the man to hospital.
One man was arrested at the scene.
Staff Reporter
Karachi
Denouncing several historical events for dismissing ‘democratic governments', former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Friday said that the ‘law of necessity' and ‘Provisional Constitutional Order (PCO)' inflicted immense damages to the democratic process to take roots in the country.
Addressing a seminar titled ‘The Future of Democracy in Pakistan', here Sharif said that the courts granted power to autocrats to amend the constitutions through the PCOs.
Former prime minister Nawaz Sharif said that the courts have validated martial laws in the country on the basis of the ‘doctrine of necessity' adding that a section of the judiciary has always supported dictators.
‘We have to take strict decisions to take this country on the right path,' the Pakistan Muslim League-N leader said, adding, ‘Not a single elected representative could complete his mandated tenure, whereas the dictators ruled the country for more than 30 years.'
The PML-N leader claimed the nexus of dictators and court did not let democracy prosper in the country.
‘Court, which is powerful for politicians, is helpless in front of the dictators. Politicians have been hanged, they have been called hijackers but those who violated the Constitution did not face any ire,' he added.
The former premier said that despite all attacks against democracy by dictators no one could bury it as the masses are aware of their rights now.
‘All sections of the society should play their role for the prosperity of democracy. Lawyers, teachers, media all have to become soldiers of democracy without any bias,' Nawaz said.
He questioned why the court has not given its decision in the treason case against former president General (retd) Pervez Musharraf.
According to him, democracy in Pakistan is attacked each time it starts to strengthen in the country. ‘For over 30 years, Pakistan was ruled by dictators,' he said. ‘In 70 years of its existence, not one prime minister was allowed to finish their tenure in Pakistan.'
He also expressed regret at the situation in Balochistan.
Chairman Pakhtunkhwa Milli Awami Party Mahmood Khan Achakzai, Chairman Pakistan National Party Mir Hasil Bizenjo, and other mainstream political leaders and members of civil society also spoke in the seminar.
This was Nawaz's first visit to Karachi since his disqualification.
Richmond Hill's former planning commissioner is suing the town and four individuals — the chief administrative officer and three councillors — for almost $2 million in the wake of her abrupt dismissal one year ago. Ana Bassios, 55, worked for the town beginning in 2006 and held the position of commissioner of planning and regulatory services when she was dismissed in May 2017.
Richmond Hill's former planning commissioner Ana Bassios stands in front of the David Dunlap Observatory. Bassios is suing the town and councillors who fired her. She has been praised for protecting parkland, such as that surrounding the observatory, from property developers. ( Susie Kockerscheidt / Metroland )
At the time, council was tight-lipped about the reasons for the firing, but several councillors made it clear they weren't happy with the decision made in private session. The 28-page statement of claim, filed Aug. 29, 2017, says Bassios seeks $740,000 in damages from the municipality of Richmond Hill, including $440,000 for wrongful dismissal, $100,000 for harassment, $100,000 for the intentional infliction of mental suffering and $100,000 for violation of the Occupational Health and Safety Act. The lawsuit is also claiming $1.25 million in damages against CAO Neil Garbe, Ward 1 Councillor Greg Beros, Ward 2 Councillor Tom Muench and Regional Councillor Vito Spatafora.
Article Continued Below
The amount includes $250,000 for each of abuse of public office, intentional interference with economic relations and conspiracy; $100,000 for each of harassment, the intentional infliction of mental suffering and punitive damages; and damages at large for breach of contract, loss of reputation, bad faith and injured feelings. The defendants deny the allegations, said Charles Painter, a partner with law firm Paterson MacDougall LLP who is acting on their behalf. According to the statement of claim, Bassios was a loyal and dedicated employee until her dismissal. She alleges her firing was in reprisal for, among other things, reporting workplace harassment and refusing to act on improper requests by the defendants to engage in unethical, unlawful and unscrupulous conduct. Bassios alleges that throughout her tenure — and most notably after Garbe's commencement as town CAO in July 2015 — she was subjected to undue and unrelenting pressure from the defendants “to defeat and circumvent provincial planning legislation and municipal bylaws to benefit, among others, their family members or certain private land developers.”
The statement of claim says Garbe, Beros, Muench and Spatafora failed to disclose their personal, familial and business interests with land developers, contrary to obligations under the Municipal Conflict of Interest Act. The lawsuit accuses them of trying to usurp legal requirements to secure zoning and subdivision approvals for certain developers, attempting to secure greater servicing allocation for the developers, recommending council approve the sale of land to further the special interests of developers and demanding the town circumvent the Planning Act to assist developers against the explicit advice of the town solicitor.
Article Continued Below
The statement of claim also refers to defendants bullying, mobbing, intimidation and publicly admonishing town staff — behaviour that created a poisoned work environment and caused Bassios mental distress and anxiety, she alleges. This conduct, it claims, was intended to procure her termination of employment in reprisal for, among other things, reporting a workplace harassment complaint and to further a personal agenda designed to assist private developers with special interests before the town. Bassios notified the defendants of her intention to file a formal workplace harassment complaint and, one day later, Garbe initiated and arranged a meeting of council for the purpose of terminating her without cause, according to the statement of claim. This was despite the fact that Bassios consistently received excellent performance reviews, it added. The statement of defence filed by the defendants called Bassios's claims “exaggerated, excessive and remote.” The statement said a majority of town councillors had already lost confidence in Bassios by January 2017, “if not much earlier,” and had serious concerns about her ability to continue to satisfactorily perform her duties. Bassios's allegations are “patently false, wholly fabricated and designed merely to defame and embarrass the personal defendants and pressure the town into paying more to the plaintiff than she would otherwise legally be entitled to or would be appropriate in the circumstances,” the defence said. The plaintiff was offered a generous termination package, including pay in lieu of notice, which met or exceeded any legal entitlements, the defence says. But Bassios said she was told she was fired without cause and has not settled on severance or damages with any of the parties. Because the town has resisted producing documents and moving the proceedings along, Bassios said, her lawyers plan to bring a motion before the court in July, asking the court to take over case management. Ward 2 Councillor Muench, the only one of the defendants to return The Liberal's call, said he was not surprised by the lawsuit, but denied the allegations. “I didn't collude or discuss or engage with anybody,” he said. “There was no monkey business. A decision was made and we go on from there. This is all about money.” Regional Councillor Brenda Hogg, one of three councillors (in addition to Karen Cilevitz and David West) who expressed dismay at the firing of Bassios last year, said she'd been “flabbergasted” at the dismissal and is still unclear of the reasons why. “To the best of my knowledge, I never heard anything about poor performance or inattention to the job or any complaints. I was totally broadsided,” Hogg said. “She always was on the side of the entire corporation and she was the person I trusted most, hands down.”
Read more about:
SYDNEY: Power hitters Chris Lynn and Glenn Maxwell propelled Australia to a convincing seven-wicket victory over New Zealand in the first tri-series Twenty20 match at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Saturday.
Lynn (44 runs from 33 balls) and Maxwell (40 not out from 24 balls) shared in a scorching 77-run stand from just 53 balls to steer Australia to the rain-reduced total of 95 from 15 overs with 21 balls to spare.
Despite a top-order wobble, in which captain David Warner and the debutant D'Arcy Short fell inside the first three overs, the belligerent power of Lynn and Maxwell swamped the Kiwi bowling attack.
“We haven't had a lot of success in T20 cricket and to get a win at the start of the tri-series is very good for us and builds some confidence within the team,” Maxwell said.
“It could have gone either way with two wickets down in the early powerplay and we were able to still play positively and play to our strengths.”
Australia's victory was earlier set up by towering paceman Billy Stanlake whose fierce pace justified Warner's decision to bowl first after winning the toss, as he wrecked New Zealand's top order with three wickets in the space of his first eight balls.
Stanlake startled Colin Munro with his high bounce for debutant wicketkeeper Alex Carey to race out to point to complete the catch.
Martin Guptill was then flummoxed next ball by a perfect-length seamer that flicked the top of off stump.
Stanlake narrowly missed his hat-trick as Tom Bruce clipped an attempted yorker through the leg side for three.
“I don't want to put a ceiling on how fast I can bowl,” Stanlake told Channel Nine.
“I want to push harder each year and hopefully I can keep doing that as my body matures.”
Andrew Tye claimed four wickets as Australia restricted New Zealand to a below-par 117 for nine off their 20 overs.
Tye mopped up the Kiwi tail to finish with four wickets for 23, while towering paceman Stanlake claimed three wickets inside the powerplay to dismantle the Kiwis' top order.
Australia had New Zealand at 60 for five before Colin de Grandhomme hit an unbeaten 38 from 24 balls with three sixes and a four.
De Grandhomme launched two massive sixes off leg-spinner Adam Zampa with the Black Caps managing just four sixes in the entire innings.
Stanlake, who has had a storming Big Bash League season for the Adelaide Strikers, underlined why he is one of the hottest prospects in the country and has been locked up on a Cricket Australia central contract.
Tye's first wicket owed much to Warner's catch, running backwards to make the grab and remove Kiwi captain Kane Williamson for eight from 21 balls.
Australia play England in the second match of the tri-series in Hobart on Wednesday.
loading...
Texting while driving is the most dangerous behaviouir encouraged by smartphones. ( DREAMSTIME )
For people who condemn drug addicts, dismissing them as morally corrupt and weak, before immediately returning to the comfort of their cellphones, here is a thought to consider: Aren't we, who collectively hold drug addiction in such contempt, the same ones who can't go an hour without text messages and email? How many of us are guilty of this? We walk down the street reading our phones. It's the first thing we check when waking up and the last thing we look at before going to sleep. We check them in restaurants, at places of worship and at family functions, and when that Wi-Fi signal isn't available we get twitchy and nervous. That couldn't be an addiction, could it? That couldn't be the same need that the junkies feel, could it? “No,” say the smartphone users, “this is a tool for my life. It's not an illegal substance.” That may be true, but it doesn't answer the question, it merely deflects the issue.
Article Continued Below
Although some narcotics do generate a genuine physical-chemical dependence, (your morning coffee, for example – did you know that caffeine is a chemical cousin of cocaine?), the dopamine-based pleasure derived from the satisfaction of a need is similar whether the substance in question is cocaine, coffee, a cigarette, a glass of wine, sex or email. Texting is the fulfillment of a tribal desire to communicate and to stay socially connected. Make no mistake. The stimulus-response-reward pattern remains powerful and totally irresistible. Few people who text regularly will ever admit to being addicts in this way. “Besides,” they will say, “texting and email are harmless. They don't kill anyone like narcotics do.” Sorry, but yes. Yes, they do.
The chief way smartphones kill people are through distracted driving. Texting, and yes, even using a hands-free cellphone is distracting. Driving is one of the most information intense activities that humans perform. Motion and visual cues come at you from both outside the car and your dashboard, and the circumstances change with every second. Defensive driving – which we are all supposed to practice – involves keeping track of all these stimuli as well as reading the situations ahead. This cannot be done properly when the brain is occupied by a conversation with someone who is not in the car. Trying to text with your thumb is horrific enough. But even when you dictate text messages to your Bluetooth, and correct the inevitable mistakes, your brain is pulled completely away from the act of safe driving. There's a term for that kind of distraction while using a motor vehicle. It's called impairment. Distracted driving leads to death, including the deaths of innocent people. Anyone who thinks they can do it is wrong. The fact that you are still alive as a distracted driver is mere luck; the same as those who survive another night drunk or stoned behind the wheel. It's just a matter of time. Addiction is addiction, whether it is to an illegal substance or to a smartphone. The stimulation and the reward are the same and so is the growing need for more. For example, look at your new data plan. Is it larger than the last one? Here's my challenge to everyone who visualizes coke/heroin/opioid users as weak-minded losers: leave your smartphone at home, flush the valium, and pour your wine or beer down the drain. Spend a day or three living “clean,” not burdened by the pressing temptations of those socially acceptable highs. Follow the suggestion that some high-minded social commentators have already made to the addicts: “How about just choosing not to use the stuff?” Do that, with your phone and your booze and your helper pills. See if you can (you can't and won't). Then, and only then, may you throw stones. Ari Goldkind is a Toronto criminal defence lawyer and legal commentator.
Share this article:
0 votes
Seth Rollins vs. Samoa Joe has been added to the April 30th WWE Payback pay-per-view from San Jose, California.
Below is the updated Payback card going into tonight's RAW:
House of Horrors Match for the WWE Title
Bray Wyatt vs. Randy Orton
WWE United States Title Match
Chris Jericho vs. Kevin Owens
WWE Cruiserweight Title Match
Austin Aries vs. Neville
RAW Tag Team Title Match
Cesaro and Sheamus vs. The Hardys
Seth Rollins vs. Samoa Joe
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.
WWE Considering Big Turn, Must See New Maryse & Noelle Foley, Triple H Ready to Push Former Star on RAW, WrestleMania 33 Main Events, WWE Star Gets Backstage Heat, New GIFs & Galleries, More
Related
For many the fear of rising farm debt and even the slightest lift in interest rates has an apprehension ranking on a scale similar to drought, bushfires, the collapse of wool's reserve price scheme, or a live cattle export ban.
Debt is generally an ever-present and sizeable fact of farming life, and sleeplessness.
Our national rural debt doubled to more than $20 billion in the 1990s, and since the start of the new century has blown out by a further 230 per cent.
There are now about 67 billion reasons to be wary about Australia's escalating agriculture sector borrowing levels.
However, despite record low official Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) interest rates for the past few years, bank lending growth to pay for farm sector investments and surging rural production activity has actually been relatively modest, growing at only 1pc in 2014, 4pc in 2015 and 3pc last year.
Today's $67b debt also compares fairly conservatively with Canadian farmers' $91b – up 7.5pc for the year in 2016 (and that did not include farm household borrowings such as car loans).
Our rural debt figures look even more prudent when compared with Australia's national credit card bill, and the sort of money we routinely pay every year on credit card interest charges.
Latest RBA figures show Australians owe about $51.4b on their credit cards.
That's roughly only about $16b less than the entire agriculture sector loan book.
On average a reasonable portion of those credit card accounts are repaid every month, but about $31.4b is still accumulating interest at borrowing rates generally well above farm or home loan lending rates.
According to financial industry analyst, Canstar, the average non-rewards credit card interest rate is about 14pc.
That means our ongoing credit card debts attract an average interest bill of around $4.5b a year, or just over $12 million each day.
Shoppers are quite likely to be paying an average 20pc interest for their discretionary spending because they use a rewards card – that's about 15pc more than the going mortgage rate - Steve Mickenberg, Canstar
Shoppers who like the idea of owning a personal credit card which earns them shopping rewards or airline flight discounts, are paying even more – up to almost 23pc interest, or an average 19.6pc.
Interestingly, despite the fact the RBA's official cash rate has been at a historic low of 1.5pc since August 2016, average credit card interest rates for non-rewards and rewards cards have barely budged in years.
In fact, a decade ago in December 2007 when the official cash rate was up at 6.75pc, the average non-rewards credit card interest rate was 14.5pc – just 0.5pc more than today's average.
While Australians tend to pay careful of attention to housing mortgage cost trends and farmers are constantly pushing their bank managers for better lending deals, Canstar financial services executive, Steve Mickenberg, doubted if many average credit card holders had much idea of interest rates on their regular plastic spending habit.
“Home buyers can probably find at least 60 different lenders offering mortgage finance at 4.6pc these days,” he said.
“However, those same borrowers are quite likely to be paying an average 20pc interest for their discretionary spending because they use a rewards card – that's about 15pc more than the going mortgage rate,” he said.
“Even compared against the rate somebody with a non-rewards card is charged, they could well be paying an average 5.5pc more in interest on their card.
“A common home loan rate doesn't even cost you 5.5pc interest.”
A better deal
Mr Mickenberg said anybody struggling to repay credit card bills in full each month should be switching to a no-rewards card where interest rates were down to 7.99pc, plus annual fees.
No-frills, zero-fee card options from credit unions offered rates below 9pc.
If “sticky” card debt was continuing roll over month after month, he said card owners could consider a personal loan (at a much cheaper interest rate), repaying their credit card debt in one hit, then committing themselves to disciplined monthly loan repayments on the personal loan.
“Sometimes you can't help running up a big credit card bill because of a significant cost which has to be paid, but in general we pay too much on credit card expenses,” he said.
“We now use plastic to pay for stuff almost every day, including tap and go options – an annual spend of $36,000 a year would not be uncommon.
“If you've got, say $5000 or $6000 of ongoing debt, attached to that card you can easily be paying $10,000 in interest every year.
“If you owe a debt, pull out a credit card statement, have a look and compare it with the competition in the market.”
Slightly more alert to costs
Last year a Canstar survey of 3000 adults confirmed about 27pc aged between 30 and 49 were worried about their credit card debt, as were 20pc of those aged between 50 and 59.
Mr Mickenger said generally, however, consumers tended to be lethargic about understanding credit card rates or chasing a better deal.
While there were signs of some improved consumer awareness about interest rate options, and credit card debt was trending down marginally, “a stack of people are still paying a lot of money”.
“We're talking $32b in credit costing card owners interest repayments at very significant rates,” he said.
Meanwhile, for shoppers hoping rewards points were compensating them for some of the big interest rate costs they paid, Canstar has found little evidence to suggest they do.
“Banks make a lot of money from cards attached to loyalty rewards programs, but they're almost never worth it,” Mr Mickenberg said.
“In fact the value of the shopping rewards or frequent flyer points are actually less than they used to be – the credit providers found their loyalty programs were getting too expensive.”
The U.S. Supreme Court upheld an administrative review system that has helped Google, Apple and other companies invalidate hundreds of issued patents . From a report:
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Polish authorities have charged a Tunisian citizen with murder in the stabbing death of a 21-year-old Polish man on New Year's Eve, a case that sparked violent protests over the weekend.
The trouble began Saturday evening when the Pole, identified only as Daniel, got into a quarrel with the employees of a kebab restaurant in Elk, in northeastern Poland.
Prosecutor Wojciech Piktel said Monday that investigators are still unsure of all the circumstances, but it appears Daniel took two bottles of a beverage from the restaurant without paying. In the ensuing brawl, a 26-year-old cook in the restaurant used his knife to deliver two fatal stabs to Daniel.
The following evening people protesting the man's death threw stones at store windows and at police, sparking the arrest of 28 people.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
It may only have been two years since we lasted turned out to vote in a general election, but Theresa May's shock announcement means we will be heading back in to the polling stations in June.
From raising deposits to polishing manifestos, there is a lot for the politicians, candidates and political parties do in the coming seven weeks.
In comparison, members of the public have one vital job – to make sure they are registered to vote.
Here is a step-by-step guide as to what you need to do.
Who can vote?
Anyone 18 or over who is a British or Commonwealth citizen and not the subject of any legal orders is eligible to vote in a general election.
Anyone who wants to vote in an election must first be registered to a UK address.
How do I register to vote?
Registration can be completed through the government's gov.uk website.
The registration process takes about five minutes and applicants will need to know their national insurance number and passport number if they are living abroad.
How do I check if I am already registered?
You can check to see if you are already registered by viewing the electoral register.
Is there a deadline to register?
Under normal circumstances the government would set a deadline to register several weeks before the vote.
It is likely that this protocol will be applied to the upcoming election, but key dates have not yet been announced.
How do I vote?
In the weeks leading up to June 8, every registered voter in the country will receive a polling card.
This polling card will contain the information you need to vote, including your nearest polling station.
Voting can be done in three ways:
1. In person – You can physically attend a polling station where you will be given a ballot and asked to fill in your choice of vote in a polling booth before placing it in a sealed box.
2. By post – You will need to register to apply to vote by post. This is a separate process to registering to vote in the election. Once approved, a ballot paper will be sent to your house and you will be asked to return it to a specific address by a certain date.
3. By proxy – You will need to register to apply to vote by proxy . This is a separate process to registering to vote in the election. You can only apply to vote by proxy if you are out of the country on polling day, you have a medical issue or you are away due to military service.
Virat Kohli finally confirms his relationship with Anushka Sharma
Kohli finally decided to share this significant part of his life with his fans.
by Umaima Saeed News 15 Feb 2017, 16:47 IST
The picture Virat uploaded on his Instagram account
What's the story?
A day after Valentine's Day, India captain Virat Kohli confessed love for his long-time girlfriend Anushka Sharma in a post on Instagram. This was the first time Virat uploaded a picture with the actress on social media and officiated with the relationship.
The caption Virat used for the image was – “Everyday is a valentine day if you want it to be. You make everyday seem like one for me @anushkasharma”
In case you did not know
Anushka and Virat met each other in 2013 when they worked together for a television commercial. The dashing cricketer and his better half have ever since created a lot of buzz regarding their love life. The supremely talented cricketer has been spotted with the Bollywood actress on several occasions.
Although the two had been in an official relationship a few years back, the drama created by media around it made way for troubles in the couple's personal lives. The good-looking pair has been spotted together at various parties and holiday destinations as well. However, they always preferred to keep their relationship under wraps.
Heart of the matter
The Indian Cricket team captain uploaded a picture with Anushka Sharma one day after Valentine's Day. This post makes their relationship official and by the looks of the photo, the 28-year-old is head over heels in love with the ‘Phillauri' actress.
Parallels from History
While the couple never openly spoke about their relationship, they always spoke for each other when the situation demanded. Recently, the media, without any substantial proof, generated a news which said Virat produced Anushka's next movie titled Phillauri. The actress came out in support of the cricketer and tweeted to the media saying “please have some shame”
Putting to rest some rumours that have been doing the rounds for some days now pic.twitter.com/bqS498U1tC — Anushka Sharma (@AnushkaSharma) February 10, 2017
Similarly, every time Anushka was targeted for Virat's poor performances, the batsman did not shy away from tweeting in support of his lover.
Sportskeeda's take
Kohli, who has been in phenomenal form in the recent times finally decided to share this significant part of his life with his fans. While various couples are celebrating love through their posts, this special gesture by Kohli proves that the aggressive batsman is also a die-hard romantic who values love every single day!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More than a million people are ­living in council-owned tower blocks with no sprinkler systems.
Just one in eight local authorities had installed them in any of the flats in high-rises, a survey two years ago found.
After two fires – one at Lakanal House, South London in 2009, which killed three women and three children, and another at Shirley Towers, Southampton, where two firefighters died – coroners recommended that sprinklers should be retrofitted.
But Inside Housing magazine used Freedom of Information Act requests in 2015 to discover that, out of 87 councils owning 2,925 tower blocks, only 11 local authorities had fitted sprinkler systems to flats in a total of just 18 blocks.
Today there were calls for an ­overhaul of fire-safety regulations.
(Photo: PA)
Sprinkler systems help by putting out small fires or by holding back larger fires to give firefighters time to tackle them.
Paul Fuller, chief fire officer for Bedfordshire, said: “We know sprinklers are effective. Also, sprinklers will make the environment more survivable by containing the fire and smoke.”
Meanwhile, there were fears that Rainscreen cladding recently installed to insulate and smarten up Grenfell contributed to the fire's rapid spread.
(Photo: The Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea)
There have been a string of fires in the UK, Dubai and China where cladding – typically plastic-based insulation board coated with an aluminium skin – was blamed for accelerating the blaze.
Construction firm Rydon, which completed a major refurbishment of Grenfell Tower in 2016, insisted it “met all required building control, fire regulation and health and safety standards”.
Rydon director Andrew Goldman said: “We don't know there is any direct link between the fire and cladding. There are various different types of cladding and I don't know the exact specifications. All the materials that we used and the procedures we put in place follow health and safety guidelines. These things are signed off by the relevant authorities to make sure they comply.”
(Photo: Rydon)
But it was unclear last night whether council building inspectors had signed off the refurbishment work.
An application was made to the building control department of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea in August 2014.
The council website states the work was completed in July 2016.
But the current status of the project is stated as: “Completed not approved.”
The building control application was lodged by Studio E Architects Ltd, which would not confirm whether or not approval had been obtained.
A spokesman said: “Given the ongoing nature of the incident, it would be inappropriate for us to comment or speculate further.” Harley Curtain Wall, the cladding firm on the refurb, folded shortly after finishing a £3million segment of the £10million project.
But was bought by Harley Facades, which said: “We don't know anything about what happened and we're trying to find out.” The rainscreen system used on Grenfell House is designed to include fire breaks at every floor and around every window to stop the spread of the flames up the building and into the flats.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But a report published last year by architects Probyn-Miers warned that fire spreading through cladding was “the primary issue” in a string of fires in Dubai, China and the Middle East.
It warned joints between panels can fail “so that if a fire does take hold, it can race up or through an entire facade of a building”.
The firm found that during the 1990s there were “at least 30 fires in the UK involving composite panels”. Mark Coles, of the Institution of Engineering and Technology, said all holes for cables and pipes need to be sealed to stop fire spreading.
He said: “As the building had recently undergone ­refurbishment, it seems likely that this may not have happened.”
And Prof Ed Galea, of the University of Greenwich, said: “Unlike other cladding fires, the fire appears to have spread throughout the building.”
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said: “We need to ask questions about what facilities and resources have been given to every local authority that has tower blocks within their area.”
Rydon boss' startling admission
Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation paid Rydon Construction £10million to refurbish the tower. Work was completed last year.
But Rydon's marketing and technological director Andrew Goldman said he did not know what the suspect cladding was made from.
His admission came on Good Morning Britain when discussing claims from witnesses that it had helped spread the inferno at lightning speed. Co-host Piers Morgan told him: “I would have thought materials used are absolutely vital. How come you don't know?”
Mr Goldman replied: “It's a technical question. We delivered a job based on the specifications we were required to deliver on. Health and safety for us as a company is absolutely critical.”
High rise housing: A history
The boom in high rise housing began after the second world war to replace homes destroyed by German bombs.
But faith in tower blocks was shaken in 1968 when a 23-storey block at Ronan Point, Newham, partially collapsed after a gas explosion, killing four people and injuring 17.
The dangers of external cladding on tower blocks has been known about since at least 1991, when fire broke out in a block in Knowsley, Merseyside.
Although the fire originated on the ground floor, it quickly spread up the cladding to engulf the 11th floor.
In July 2009, three women and three children died when a fire engulfed the Lakanal House tower block in Camberwell, London, after an electrical fault with a television.
Southwark Council was later fined £270,000 and ordered to pay £300,000 in costs by a judge after being prosecuted for safety failings.
Less than 12 months later, two firefighters died in another high-rise tragedy at the 16-storey Shirley Towers in Southampton in April 2010.
In July last year, the 75-storey Sulafa Tower in Dubai Marina went up in flames, following a number of similar fires in the the Middle East.
On New Year's Eve in 2015, the 302-metre The Address Downtown Hotel in Dubai was ravaged by a fire sparked by a faulty spotlight. More than 40 storeys of the building were ablaze simultaneously.
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir, the fate of the passport of Hurriyat forum Chairman, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq, would be decided after the police verification report to the Srinagar Passport Office.
Regional Passport Officer, Srinagar, Brij Bushan Nagar, in a media interview in Srinagar said that they were yet to receive police verification report for renewal of Mirwaiz's passport. “Once we receive the verification report, we issue the passport next day.”
A police official said that they won't share any information about verification report of Mirwaiz. “Verification report remains a confidential till it is submitted to Srinagar Passport Office,” the police official said.
The Mirwaiz has applied for renewal of his passport to perform Umrah. “Mirwaiz's short validity passport (SVP) was not renewed after it expired in 2013 and he has not been allowed to travel abroad for the past many years,” a Hurriyat leader said.
During the last several years, he said, the Mirwaiz was not allowed to participate in meetings of Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC). “He was invited a number of times but was not allowed to travel abroad,” he added. Most of the Hurriyat leaders are denied passport by the Indian authorities.—KMS
Prince Charles is "so pleased" to have become a grandfather for the third time.
The 69-year-old royal became a third-time granddad when his son Prince William and daughter-in-law Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, welcomed their son - who is yet to have a name - into the world on Monday (23.04.18), and he has now expressed his "joy" at the news.
The news was revealed in a joint statement from Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, which was tweeted from the Clarence House Twitter account.
It read: The Prince of Wales has released a statement following the birth of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's third child.
The Supreme Court of Canada last week acquitted an Ontario man convicted of trafficking handguns. And as distasteful as that ruling may sound, it was the right decision.
That's because it upholds every citizens' Charter rights against unreasonable search and seizure by recognizing that text messages, “in some cases,” deserve privacy protections.
In fact, the decision essentially means police must obtain a warrant to check for text messages in the same way they now must get one to listen to phone conversations.
It updates the law on Charter protections to take into account one of the most common forms of day-to-day communication.
As Justice Malcolm Rowe put it, the decision recognizes that “the broad and general right to be secure from unreasonable search and seizure… is meant to keep pace with technological development.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In 2017, more than 150 homes in Cambridgeshire were snapped up for more than £1,000,000.
Up from 130 in 2016, the eye-watering sum still won't bag you one of the county's most expensive properties. You're looking at a cool £2.3 million minimum to live in one of those.
But what exactly does all that dough get you? We've taken a look at the most expensive properties sold in Cambridgeshire last year to find out.
2017's most expensive home is in... Great Shelford
This five-bed house has all the mod cons inside, but it's in the 0.55 acre garden where this property really comes into its own.
There you'll find a garden studio with its own gym and shower room.
If you're not working out, you'll still have lovely views of an orangery which overlooks the back garden.
Savills sold the detached house for £2,575,000 back in August - for more than £200,000 under the asking price of £2,795,000.
As well as five double bedrooms, including a master with its own dressing room and en suite, there is also plenty of space for throwing swanky parties with four spacious reception rooms.
Felbridge House, Trumpington Road
The second most expensive home sold in 2017 was in Trumpington Road - fetching £2,525,000, way over the guide price of £2,200,000.
As well as four bedrooms, this 1930s home has an expansive garden featuring an ornamental pond, adjacent deck area and a productive vegetable garden.
It was sold by Redmayne, Arnold & Harris.
Millington Road
In third spot is this palatial seven-bedroom detached house in Millington Road.
It was snapped up for £2,500,000 back in June - and the lucky owners even have their own swimming pool.
As well as the pool, you also get a balcony in the master bedroom - perfect for playing out some Romeo and Juliette fantasies.
Bentley Road
Next on the list is a detached home in Bentley Road, which sold for £2,300,000.
Last time it was on the market, back in 1998, it was picked up for a mere £365,000 - quite the investment.
Woodlands Road, Great Shelford
The top five is rounded out by another Great Shelford property.
This three storey Edwardian home in Woodlands Road was sold by Bidwells for £2,300,000 back in October.
Elsewhere...
Despite there hefty pricetag, these Cambridge homes all pale in comparison to the most expensive property sold in England and Wales last year.
And it wasn't even a house!
A flat in the swanky Knightsbridge Apartments development in the Westminster area of London raked in £90,000,000 ion April.
The second most expensive sale of 2017 was made only a few weeks later in May.
Again London, but this time a detached home in London's upmarket Phillimore Gardens, bought for £37,000,000.
Dale Lafe Hetzler, 65, of Hutchinson, died Friday, April 14, 2017, at Hutchinson Health and Rehab. He was born October 13, 1951, in Atlanta, Georgia, to Dale E. and Sarah (Stripplin) Hetzler. Dale graduated from high school in St. Petersburg, Florida. He worked mainly as a self-employed mechanic and also for Sturdi-Bilt and Fairview Service. Dale was a member of Maranatha Mennonite Church.
On May 20, 2001, he married Katie Irene Yoder in Hutchinson.
Dale is survived by: his wife, Katie of the home; son, Alan of Florida; brothers, Brent (Connie) of Roswell, Georgia, and Chuck (Brenda) of Branson, Missouri; and numerous extended family members.
He was preceded in death by his parents.
Funeral service will be 10 a.m. Monday, April 17, 2017, at Maranatha Mennonite Church, 3115 Blanchard Ave. SW, Hutchinson, with Pastor Paul Nisly officiating. Burial will follow in Memorial Park Cemetery, 5905 W 4th Ave., Hutchinson. Friends may call from 1 to 4 p.m. Sunday at Elliott Mortuary, Hutchinson, with the family present to receive friends from 6 to 8 p.m. Sunday at the church.
Memorials may be made to the church or Kindred Hospice, in care of Elliott Mortuary, 1219 N. Main, Hutchinson, KS 67501.
SERVICES Funeral Service Monday, April 17, 2017
10:00 AM Maranatha Mennonite Church
3115 Blanchard SW
Hutchinson, KS 67501
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal are having a tough season, we all know that.
They currently sit seventh in the Premier League ahead of their away trip to Middlesbrough on Monday night and things could get a whole lot worse.
The Gunners have lost their last four fixtures on the road - the first time this has ever happened under Arsene Wenger at the helm.
They are on their worst away run since 1995, and well, Arsenal fans are becoming increasingly angry by the week.
(Photo: REUTERS)
It's understandable, but never nice to see, especially as calls for Wenger's head have become a regular occurrence at the Emirates.
Still, the Frenchman is staying positive, and recently put together a video with Arsenal Media outlining how he intends to fix things.
Written alongside the clip, which was posted on Instagram, is the message: "The boss on how the players can repair their relationship with the fans."
(Photo: Getty)
Sounds genuine enough, and indeed it is as Wenger sincerely addresses the fans, saying: "The common denominator is that we both love the club.
"We both want to do well, and that's the common ground that is easy to find.
"The best way to make your fans happy is to turn up with a performance and have full commitment on the pitch.
"Fans always understand that you cannot guarantee winning every single game, but they want full commitment, and rightly so."
However, that's where the niceties end. While some fans congratulated the effort, many hit out in exactly the way you'd imagine.
"Ain't repairing a relationship with me fool," wrote one. Another added: "Get the job done. You and the players."
(Photo: Rex Features)
A third wrote: "We don't need you to tell us this - we need you to show us! Even the biggest fans are turning now..."
While a fourth said: "Wenger is delusional, he is no longer capable of leading this team," and finally a fifth angry fan concluded with a bit of a rant.
"Where's the team been since December (sic) about commitment on the pitch. How about sort out this mess we call of a club.
(Photo: Matthew Lewis)
"Stop being stingy with signings and contracts and put us back on the level that we haven't been on for the last 7-8 seasons.
"Too many lies have been told to us fans and we're the ones who pay for it."
Expect to see more of this on Monday night...
“Our opponents, the media and the whole world will soon see as we begin to take further actions, that the powers of the president to protect our country are very substantial and will not be questioned.”
The White House could either file an emergency appeal to the Supreme Court, defend the merits of the order in lower courts or issue a new executive order. The last option was floated by Trump himself on Friday. “We are contemplating new and additional actions to ensure that immigration is not a vehicle for admitting people into our country that are hostile to its nation and its values,” Miller said on NBC's “Meet the Press.” “There's no such thing as judicial supremacy. What the judges did is take power away that belongs squarely in the hands of the president of the United States.” While the fate of Trump's restrictions on refugees and travellers from seven Muslim-majority countries plays out in the courts, a separate executive order prioritising the deportation of undocumented migrants paved the way for the arrest of hundreds of people, many of them Latinos, this past week. As thousands of Mexicans protested Sunday against Trump's vow to make the country pay for his “big, beautiful border wall,” the White House confirmed the president's plans to weigh new action to speed up deportations of illegal immigrants. “As a result of the president's order, greatly expanded and more vigorous immigration enforcement activities are taking place,” Miller said of the deportation decree. Earlier, Trump tweeted: “The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers & others are being removed!” Over the past week, the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency rounded up undocumented individuals living in Atlanta, Austin, Chicago, Los Angeles, New York and other cities in what it called “routine” operations. But Miller indicated Sunday that the raids were made more robust under Trump's January 25 executive order prioritising deportation of undocumented individuals convicted of or “charged with any criminal offence,” including misdemeanours. “It is true that Operation Cross-Check is something that happens every year. But this year we have taken new and greater steps to remove criminal aliens from our communities,” Miller said. The large-scale raids began in 2011 under then president Barack Obama. Many Democrats have called on the government to act in moderation, fearful that people without a criminal record will find themselves swept up. The case of a mother in Phoenix, Arizona who was expelled to Mexico on Thursday crystallised such worries, even among some Republicans. “There is a lot of worry here in Arizona by those who ... are illegally here but they have not committed aggravated felonies,” said Arizona Republican Senator Jeff Flake, adding that the only hope for permanent change lies in major Congressional reform. Miller insisted in interviews Sunday that the president has the power to keep some people from entering the country. The order that Trump issued abruptly in late January aimed to halt resettlement of all refugees for 120 days and that of Syrian refugees indefinitely. It also barred for 90 days the entry of nationals from seven predominantly Muslim countries. The ban was supposed to be in place while the government comes up with a new system of so-called “extreme vetting” of people seeking entry visas. This could include checks on their social media accounts, according to John Kelly, the secretary of homeland security. But a federal judge in Seattle issued a stay against the order on February 3. A three-judge appeals panel in San Francisco then voted unanimously against reinstating Trump's ban. The idea of the White House issuing a modified immigration order that would survive scrutiny in the courts does not convince Democrats, who from the outset have charged that Trump's decree is simply anti-Muslim and plays into the hands of extremists. “It will be used as a recruitment (tool) for terrorist organisations. It will put Americans at greater risk travelling abroad,” said Democratic Senator Ben Cardin. — Agencies More from USA Evacuation order lifted near California dam
Trump tries to sidestep Russian scandal
Trump adviser Flynn quits
How national security has become a party piece
Private sector is ready to extend all out cooperation for promotion of tourism industry.
Tourism promotion should be declared as high priority by the government in the year 2017, said Aleem Javed Chaudhary, a representative of tourism industry talking to APP here on Sunday
He suggested for holding conferences and other activities in consultation with both public and private sectors to promote tourism and increase foreign exchange for the country.
He also stressed the need to develop tourism infrastructure such as motels, resorts, recreational areas, management institutions of motels and hotels, production of tourist literature and publicity material etc.
“Through proper projection of country's tourism potentials and efficient utilization of resources, we can easily promote tourism “,he said.
He urged the provincial governments to allow concession in respect of fares in buses, rest houses etc to domestic travellers.
In case where such concessions are available the amount of percentage should be increased to attract more people to undertake visits. Aleem Javed said the government should also give proper incentives and concessions to the private sector in tourism sector.—APP
Related
Tsukahara Bokuden (1490-1571). One of Japan's greatest swordsmen, he founded the Shinto-ryu, which in turn saw the development of many more great fencers.
Originally printed in Kendo World Issue 1.3, 2002.
From the book Kenshi no Meigon, by Tobe Shinjuro. Translated by Alex Bennett.
***
Uma ha haneru mono
“Horses kick!!”
Being able to avoid a horse as it kicks back is indeed an impressive display of technical ability and agility, but forgetting that they kick and walking nonchalantly past the back in the first place is just slipshod.
Tsukahara Bokuden's kenjustu career started when he was just three years old. From a young age, he made a name for himself with his martial prowess, with both his father and adopted father both being renowned swordsmen in their own right. After many years of training, one day he decided to confine himself within the Kashima Shrine for a period of 1000 days to contemplate the meaning of swordsmanship. One morning, as the story goes, he received divine inspiration and created his Shinto-ryu school based on the principle of hitotsu-tachi or “single stroke”. Although still shrouded in mystery and very difficult to interpret, the hitotsu-tachi philosophy basically states that a sword can be divided into 3 different spheres. The first is the “time of the heavens”, the second is “the advantage of the earth”, and the third is a combination of both of these with the human element added. These principles can now be found in varying degrees and interpretations in other schools, but in Bokuden's time, it was a revolutionary philosophy which brought him much fame throughout the land.
Bokuden spent much of his time travelling the country in search of challenges (musha-shugyô). His exploits are recorded in the Koyo-gunkan, a text concerning the life and times of one of Japan's most well known warlords, Takeda Shingen. In this text it mentions that in his third musha-shugyo expedition Bokuden led a troupe of approximately 80 apprentices, 3 hawks, and 3 or 4 horses, and that they were revered wherever they went. This was an entourage almost of the magnitude of a daimyo (warlord), and the purpose was to propagate the ryu. The credentials of a great swordsman were enforced by such actions as wandering the countryside propagating the style. In fact, Bokuden claimed many powerful devotees of his style of swordsmanship including the Shoguns Ashikaga Yoshiharu, Yoshiteru, and Yoshiaki, and many more famous swordsmen such as the legendary Yamamoto Kansuke to name but a few. As a result, many more schools of kenjutsu were formed as offshoots of Bokuden's school, further attesting to his greatness.
In his career, Bokuden was reputed to have participated in 19 life or death duels and 37 battles without receiving a single scratch. Even in times of peace, his daily demeanour was one of utmost prudence. Being imbued with prudence is an attribute demonstrated by great warriors. Bokuden's good sense and forethought forms the root of many famous stories concerning him. For example, once Bokuden decided to initiate one of his students into the secrets of hitotsu-tachi. This particular student happened to be walking on the side of a road, and walked around the back of a horse that was standing there blocking the way. The horse suddenly jolted and kicked its back legs out behind it. The student, through superior agility, was able to deftly dodge the horse's hooves. A witness to this spectacle of dexterity was so impressed that they immediately went to inform Bokuden of the great feat.
Bokuden, however, was not impressed. “This is not what I would expect from someone I was about to teach the secret of hitotsu-tachi!”, he lamented. The witness was rather surprised at Bokuden's seemingly harsh attitude, and inquired as to what Bokuden would do in such a case. Would he stand there and allow himself to be kicked? Bokuden then went to the horse in question with the inquisitor in tow. Bokuden proceeded to go out of his way to take the long way around, and avoid the horse altogether, much to the disappointment of the onlooker. Singularly unimpressed with this cowardly display, he asked Bokuden again why he would not praise his student for his dexterity. “Horses kick! Being able to avoid a horse as it kicks back is indeed an impressive display of technical ability and agility, but forgetting that they kick in the first place and walking nonchalantly past the back of one is slipshod.”
There is another well known story which demonstrates the same point. He placed a pillow on top of the door so that it would fall down when the door was opened. Then he called his three sons into the room one by one. The first son was able to draw his sword in time to cut the falling pillow. The second son was able to dodge the falling pillow without drawing his sword. The third son sensed that there was a pillow on top of the door, and removed it before entering. Bokuden made him his successor.
Horses kick, and pillows placed on top of doors fall down. Dodging a kicking horse, or cutting a pillow as it is about to fall on you is not in the least commendable. Having prudence and foresight and not getting into a sticky situation in the first place is by far a superior attribute, and one personified by Bokuden.
Nairobi county leaders led by Senator Johnston Sakaja and Starehe MP Charles Njagua have condemned the Gikomba fire that happened last week, claiming it might have been triggered by people who have selfish interests, with claims rife that they had been issued with fake title deeds. However the two leaders have vowed to work with all stakeholders involved to ensure the matter is resolved amicably.
South Lyon City Council Expands Public Comment Opportunities
May 30, 2018
City of South Lyon officials have approved a resolution establishing new rules for public comment at City Council meetings.
City Council members from South Lyon took steps to expand the number of opportunities residents would have to speak, at Tuesday night's regular meeting. Under the old rules, each person wishing to address agenda or non-agenda items had one public comment period and 3 minutes to do so, at the beginning of the meeting.
Under new rules, there will be a second public comment period added at the end of the meeting. Mayor Dan Pelchat said City Council also set waiver procedures to potentially give residents with valuable information extra chances to share it during the meeting. Pelchat said if they are on an agenda item, and there is someone there that can speak on it, if Council feels it is of adequate importance they will recognize that member of the crowd and give them a chance to speak. If Council doesn't allow them to, they will still have the opportunity during the second public comment period.
Waiver opportunities will come by a council vote, with measures set in to assure that people with differing viewpoints will be recognized and allowed to speak, if appropriate. The time allotted for speaking will be decreased from 3 minutes to 2, with hope that the reduction will cut back on people repeating themselves and help them hone in on their point. Each public comment period will be treated individually, with no saving or borrowing time from one or the other.
Councilman Greg Kivell spoke up, happy and appreciative of the new rules. Mayor Pro-tem Maggie Kurtzweil said she's been trying to get new rules like these passed for years, and that it is a “very good thing.” (MK)
Wah Cantt
POF Administration has arranged various programmes in order to celebrate Independence Day in Wah Cantt. In this connection, Sir Syed Education Society (SSES) on Sunday arranged Speech Competition on Independence among the students of Sir Syed Education Society at POF Central Library Wah Cantt. In which all Campuses of the students of Sir Syed Education Society participated. The speakers threw light upon the Pakistan movement and the sacrifices rendered by the Muslims of Sub Continent for a separate homeland.
The speakers also highlighted the various aspects of Pakistan movement under the dynamic leadership of Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah & the personality of the thinker of Pakistan Dr. Allama Muhammad Iqbal. In primary section Ms. Maryam Shafique Campus-I got 1st, Sanan Campus-I 2nd & Ms. Hajira Campus-IV 3rd position. In secondary section Ms. Aamina Campus-IX got 1st, Ms. Masooma Raza Campus-I 2nd and Ayan Campus-III 3rd position. In higher secondary section Ms. Wajiha Campus-I got 1st, Abdur Rehman Campus-II 2nd & Bilal Mateen Campus-IX 3rd position. Mrs. Tabassum Jamshed Director Training & Evaluation Sir Syed Education Society was the Chief Guest on this occasion who distributed prizes among the position holder students.
Mr. Badar Muneer Vide President Sir Syed Education Society, Mr. Muhammad Javed General Secretary Sir Syed Education Society & a large number of students and their parents were present on this occasion. The organizers of the function include Ms. Zainab Javed & Mrs. Nooreen Numan while jury of judges include Mr. Imtiaz Mahmood, Mrs. Qudsia Sabri & Mrs. Qamar Ameer. Milli songs were also presented by the students on this occasion.—PR
Instagram star and world-renowned yogi Jessamyn Stanley chatted about shattering the stereotype of the ideal yoga body and about her debut book, "Every Body Yoga."Ryan, Val and Ji find their inner zen as Jessamyn took them through a yoga class.WHAT: Jessamyn Stanley @ Anderson's BookshopWHERE: 123 W. Jefferson Ave., NapervilleWHEN: 7 p.m. talk/signingWebsite: JessamynStanley.com Instagram: @mynameisjessamyn Twitter: @JessNotJazz Facebook: /mynameisjessamyn
RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Hundreds of Palestinians in Israeli jails launched a hunger strike Monday following a call from leader and prominent prisoner Marwan Barghouti, a movement that could mark a serious challenge to Israeli authorities if sustained.
The hunger strike was called in connection with Palestinian Prisoners Day, observed annually, but also ahead of commemorations this summer marking 50 years since the 1967 Six-Day War and the start of Israel's occupation.
A man holds a keffiyeh before flags of the Fatah movement during a rally in the West Bank town of Hebron to show support to Palestinians detained in Israeli jails after hundreds of them launched a hunger strike on April 17, 2017. (AFP-Yonhap)
Israel Prisons Service spokesman Assaf Librati said that hunger strikers would be disciplined and later added that Barghouti had been transferred from Hadarim prison to Jalami prison, near Haifa, 48 kilometers to the north.Qaddura Fares, head of the Palestinian Prisoners' Club which tracks the well-being of Palestinians in Israeli jails, said Barghouti had been placed in solitary confinement, but Librati did not confirm that.Hunger strikes by Palestinian prisoners occur regularly, but rarely on such a large scale.Protests were also held in Palestinian cities in connection with Prisoners Day, including one in Bethlehem that led to clashes with Israeli forces.Barghouti's call for the strike has given it added credibility, with the 57-year-old serving five life sentences over his role in the violent second Palestinian intifada.He is popular among Palestinians, with polls suggesting he could win the Palestinian presidency.Graffiti showing the iconic image of his cuffed hands raised above his head flashing a peace sign while being led away by Israeli authorities can be seen in the West Bank.“Decades of experience have proved that Israel's inhumane system of colonial and military occupation aims to break the spirit of prisoners and the nation to which they belong, by inflicting suffering on their bodies, separating them from their families and communities, using humiliating measures to compel subjugation,” Barghouti wrote in a New York Times op-ed. “In spite of such treatment, we will not surrender to it.”Issa Qaraqe, head of prisoner affairs for the Palestinian Authority, said that “around 1,300 Palestinian prisoners” were on hunger strike and the number could rise.The Palestinian Prisoners' Club nongovernmental organization put the number at 1,500.Librati said that some 1,100 detainees in several prisons had announced their intention to go on hunger strike.“The prisons service has started taking disciplinary measures against the strikers and in addition a number of prisoners have been transferred to separate wings,” he said. “It is to be emphasized that the (prison service) does not negotiate with prisoners.”Some 6,500 Palestinians are currently detained by Israel for a range of offenses and alleged crimes.Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas, in a statement carried by official news agency WAFA, “called on the international community to save the life of the Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails.”Barghouti's wife Fadwa told AFP at a demonstration in Ramallah that prisoners‘ demands were in line with “international law and recognized as part of human rights."The last large-scale hunger strike was in February 2013, when 3,000 Palestinians refused to eat for one day in protest at the death of a fellow detainee.Israel says it must be vigilant to prevent fresh violence, particularly following a wave of knife, gun and car-ramming attacks that erupted in October 2015.Such incidents have greatly subsided in recent months.While many Palestinians view Barghouti as a hero, Israelis point to the bloody suicide attacks of the second intifada and his role in the uprising.For Palestinians, the prisons have become a stark symbol of Israel's occupation.Those on hunger strike have issued a list of demands, including access to phones, extended visiting rights and better medical care.Israeli public radio reported that Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan has ordered intervention units to be put on standby and a field hospital to be set up outside one prison to avoid having to take sick prisoners to civilian hospitals.It quoted Erdan as saying that the demands regarding prisoners' conditions were unreasonable.Some Israeli analysts have sought to highlight the rivalry between Barghouti and Abbas within their Fatah party, suggesting his call for a hunger strike was also related to internal politics.Abbas made no mention of Barghouti in his statement on WAFA.Talk of who will succeed Abbas has intensified, but the 82-year-old has shown no sign of stepping down and a recent Fatah congress saw him shore up his support base and sideline rivals.He has not publicly designated a successor.Of the 6,500 Palestinian detainees, 62 are women and 300 are minors. Some 500 are held under administrative detention, which allows for imprisonment without charges or trial.Thirteen Palestinian lawmakers are also among the detainees.Israeli-Palestinian peace efforts have been at a standstill since a US-led initiative collapsed three years ago. (AFP)
Javaid Bashir
Via email
Mahmood Khan Achakzai leader of the Pakhtunkhawa Milli Awami Party has demanded to give citizenship to Afghan Refugees. While Maulana Fazal-ur-Rehman asked the government to take back Afghan Refugees who returned to their homeland and give them Citizenship. Both these leaders have demanded the creation of independent province “Afghania” for these newly inducted citizens.
Achakzai further added that these refugees have the right to become citizen of Pakistan. I think time has come to send these refugees back to Afghanistan. We hosted millions of Afghan Refugees for more than 30 years ruining the peace of our own country. We no longer can afford to keep them in the camps here and they must return to Afghanistan – the country of their origin.
I must remind to both these politicians that there is no birth right for bestowing citizenship to foreigners. We allowed them to stay here on humanitarian grounds. The international community has not honoured its commitments to these refugees. Why should we retain them? Maulana & Achakzai has no interest in these Afghan Refugees except they want to increase their vote bank. Their self-interest cannot be held sacred than the national interest and our security. These Refugees have become security risk for our country.
He claims that Pashtuns and Afghans are not terrorists. How the hell he can justify such a ridiculous claim in the wake of their terrorist activities. I think these demands are absurd & utter nonsense. His point of view is against the State Policy & intellect. We are no longer in a position to feed them at the cost of our own poor citizens.
Afghan government should facilitate their safe return and accommodate its own nationals wandering elsewhere. President of Afghanistan Ashraf Ghani should look into this important matter and solve their problems. Achakzai and Fazal should remain within their limits.
Researchers at BYU are the first to 3D-print a viable microfluidic device small enough to be effective at a scale much less than 100 micrometers.
Andrea Horwath is hoping the NDP's $1.2 billion public dental plan will have Ontario voters smiling at her party this spring.
Unveiling details of the scheme Monday at Queen's Park, Horwath said it would help some 4.5 million Ontarians who do not enjoy workplace dental benefits.
"No one should have to live in pain," the New Democratic leader told reporters.
"No one should go years without a visit to the dentist because they are a part-time worker or a contract worker or because they're retired," she said.
"And no Mom or Dad should ever — ever — have to put their little one's check-up off or fillings off because money is too tight."
Stressing "we can do so much better," Horwath said the new Ontario Benefits would create a minimum standard for dental plans that will apply to all employers.
Currently, about two-thirds of Ontario companies provide dental benefits to employees. The NDP plan would expand that to the remaining third as well as those who are unemployed or self-employed.
Businesses will be given the option of participating in the public Ontario Benefits program or a comparable private workplace benefits plan.
It would be free for anyone earning less than $30,000 a year and the most anyone would have to contribute off their paycheque to cover the employees' portion of the mandatory plan would be $4.33 a week.
"Mom-and-Pop family businesses are going to have an even playing field when it comes to recruiting and retaining employees, and taking care of their staff," she added.
Faisalabad
The feasibility reports for construction of three modern sports complexes in the city have been prepared and forwarded to Punjab government for approval.
A spokesman of the local administration said here Sunday that the state-of-the-art sports complexes would be constructed at Crescent Sports Complex Sheikhupura, Al-Fateh Sports Complex Saleemi Chowk and Tent-pegging Ground Agriculture University Faisalabad.
He said these complexes would help in promotion of healthy activities, adding that after approval, physical work on these projects would be started by the end of current financial year.—APP
Three weeks into his administration, Trump has vowed to move ahead with construction of his signature border wall, which he has repeatedly said Mexico will pay for, as well as signalling a new push to deport millions of unauthorised immigrants from the country.
TAIPEI, Taiwan — Fourth-seeded Timea Babos beat Wang Yafan 6-3, 6-4 Saturday to advance to the final of the Taiwan Open.
Babos claimed her first win in three matches against Wang and will face Kateryna Kozlova in Sunday's final.
Kozlova eliminated Sabine Lisicki, earning a 7-5, 6-4 victory to reach her first WTA singles final.
Babos took both sets behind 24 winners, including seven aces. The Hungarian also won far more points on her second serve than Wang — 54 to 38 per cent.
Exciting news for Pokémon fans and/or people who primarily use their smartphones to recapture their ‘90s childhood (hi, hello, it's me): A new mobile game called “Pokémon Quest” has just been released. Available for the Nintendo Switch right this very second and with a version for both Android and iOS devices set to arrive at the end of June 2018, this new Pokémon adventure sets you loose in a place that looks familiar… yet different. If the phrase “Minecraft, but with Squirtles” appeals to you, then you're probably going to dig this game.
Developed by GAME FREAK, which has been the main developer for the Pokémon games since Pokémon Red and Pokémon Blue (also known as Green in Japan) way back in 1996, “Pokémon Quest” is set in a location known as Tumblecube Island. The island is populated by the variety of Pokémon found in the in-game world's Kanto region — except they're in a slightly different form: They look like they're made out of little cubes.
“This new Pokémon title … lets players explore the island of Tumblecube with their team of cute, cube-shaped characters known as Pokexel,” GAME FREAK's director, Shigeru Ohmori, said according to CNET. “Players will be able to personalize their Pokémon and develop a strong bond with their Pokémon friends while battling their way through the adventure.” The gameplay is based entirely around the use of the touch screen — no need for controllers or anything — which, said Ohmori, makes it “a game that Pokémon fans of all ages can pick up and play” with ease.
The Official Pokémon YouTube channel on YouTube
With a team of three Pokémon at your side, you can explore Tumblecube Island, hunt for hidden treasure, and battle with wild Pokémon. (The Pokémon apparently move on their own, although they rely on the player to direct their attacks.) You can also set up camp on your journey, where you can equip your Pokémon with Power Stones you win during your travels, as well as synthesize recipe ingredients into treats that will attract new Pokémon to you.
Important to note: The game terms itself a “free-to-start” title — not a “free-to-play” one. It will reportedly rely on players purchasing various in-game “packages,” of which there are currently nine. According to Stevivor, the packages range in price from $2.99 to $17.99, with most of them being on the lower end of the scale. What's not known, however, whether these packages will be required in order for players to progress. At least one other Nintendo app, “Super Mario Run,” is only free to play for a few levels before a purchase had to be made to unlock the whole game; as such, it's possible that “Pokémon Quest's” packages might be required purchases. However, Nintendo apps like “Pokémon Go” and “Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp” have featured in-app purchases which, while fun, aren't necessary in order to enjoy the complete games. In the case of “Pokémon Quest,” it could go either way.
Of course, the one question that keeps popping up whenever another Pokémon mobile game comes out is this: Will it reach the same level of popularity that “Pokémon Go” did at its height? And, truly… I don't know if it will. Although player numbers for “Pokémon Go” have dropped off pretty dramatically from where they were during the summer of 2016 — according to gaming website VG 24/7, the game had been downloaded 30 million times by the end of its first month, but had only five million active daily players by April of 2017 — there's no denying what a splash it made at the time. However, a lot of its appeal had to do with the augmented reality aspect; being able to go out into the physical world and find Pokémon in it was truly a novelty, and no one else has been able to execute the gimmick quite as well as Niantic did.
Another Pokémon app released not too long after “Pokémon Go” arrived on the scene, “Pokémon Duel,” failed to take off; receiving only mixed reviews (my favorite headline about the game: “What On Earth Is ‘Pokémon Duel' And Why Do I Hate It So Much?”), it was more like a board game than anything else, without the freshness and originality of the AR that made “Pokémon Go” so special. It's true that “Pokémon Quest” feels a bit more unique right out of the gate...
...Or at least, unique in terms of the Pokémon franchise — so it does have that going for it. However, it's almost certainly not going to get people out and exploring the real world the way “Pokémon Go” did.
Then again, a Nintendo app doesn't necessarily need to have the augmented reality aspect to be successful. Anecdotally, I'm still playing “Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp,” which definitely doesn't require me to leave my couch to enjoy, even though the game was released over six months ago. (I definitely didn't stick with "Pokémon Go" for that long.) Maybe all a Nintendo app really needs to do in order to gain a loyal audience is, in some way, to capture the essence of the original IP on which it's based. And maybe “Pokémon Quest” will do just that.
“Pokémon Quest” is currently available for download on the Nintendo Switch; the Android and iOS versions will be released at the end of June. Now go out and there and be the very best.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS, MO — They lost everything in a massive warehouse fire last month, but today you can help them get back on their feet. They're calling it the Reedy Press reboot. It's an event bringing together authors who lost inventory in a massive warehouse fire in south St. Louis in November. Reedy Press Publishing lost an estimated 200,000 books in the fire.
Several local authors had to cancel book signing events and have lost holiday gift sales. Many of the books highlight St. Louis attractions, making them popular gifts around the holidays, so local book stores are also feeling the hit.
Blueberry Hill in the Delmar Loop is hosting a fundraiser Monday night to help Reedy Press and its authors recover, reprint and rebuild. The event is from 6pm to 9 pm. Local authors will share St. Louis stories beginning at 7pm. Admission is $20 per person and includes hors d`oeuvres, entertainment and a chance to pre-order some of the publisher`s best-selling books.
Social media is filled with fashion inspiration, but so far there haven't been tools available to regular women who want to get styled or made up like a celebrity. Likewise, few stylists have online platforms that allow them to field and work with clients virtually. Glamhive is a new site that aims to connect women with stylists and makeup artists, in real time, to help them create and shop for specific outfits or looks.The idea came to founder and chief executive officer Stephanie Sprangers after years of working for affiliate marketing and digital rewards sites such as Reward Style. She initially started the company as a place for a consumer to share images of their outfits and get rewarded for the purchases they drive. Taking the fashion blogger phenomenon and making all fashion lovers "bloggers" with a referral commission, Sprangers soon realized that more women actually wanted to connect with the stylists they followed in Hollywood and on Instagram."I realized that there was no way for regular consumers to access stylists online. There was a gap between the personal shopper in a department store, an automated style questionnaire, or a robot 'chat' on a e-commerce site," said the Seattle-based Sprangers.Given the ample talent pool of programmers in her hometown, Sprangers developed a platform where stylists could offer their services and communicate in real time, cull pieces from hundreds of online retailers and send buyers outfit images with links of where to buy specific pieces at any price point. The stylist receives an affiliate commission on all purchases, while clients receive points to use toward more styling sessions.Glamhive recruited celebrity stylists such as Tara Swennen, who works with Kristen Stewart and Julie Bowen, and Jeff Kim, who works with Michael B. Jordan, as well as others from around the world who have built Instagram followings but not the means to connect with potential clients one-on-one.Each stylist has a page where they can share a profile and portfolio, as well as social media images, along with services offered and rates. For example, a 30-minute video session could run from $150, after which the stylist and client can exchange photos, messages and links to shop retailers ranging from Nordstrom to Neiman Marcus to J. Crew. Follow-up sessions to create more individual outfits start at $25."As much as we all live for doing red carpet, I like to put my hands in different pots. I like the access it gives me to people who aren't necessarily in the industry," said Swennen. "I got into the business because I like the idea of making people feel empowered and I like dressing real women with real sizes and real issues."She added, "It's a great resource considering the ebb and flow of our business and if we have a window of time we can be helping someone in Minnesota or Texas find that perfect work or wedding outfit at any budget."The company's platform development and launch was funded by investors including Jonathan Sposato, chairman of PicMonkey and Geekwire; Marc Kwiatkowski of Facebook; the Seattle Angel Conference, and a syndicate of other early-stage investors.
Egg cartons have evolved over the years from paperboard to EPS foam. Now comes the next—sustainable—link in the evolutionary chain: Egg cartons made from 100% recycled PET from water and soda bottles. Hickman's Family Farms, an egg producer near Phoenix, AZ, just introduced the newly designed 18-count RPET egg carton to stores in Arizona such as Costco.
Global Plastics Inc., a vertically integrated recycler located in Perris, CA, takes in the baled recycled PET bottles from buy-back centers through the California Redemption Value program, which pays consumers a nickel for every PET bottle they redeem, and they bring in a lot: California's recycling rate is around 90%. Global Plastics recycles approximately four million bottles a day, which are sorted by color and ground and washed to FDA standards to ensure clean recyclate. The company then pelletizes the material and extrudes the sheets for use in thermoforming.
It's the end of an era. I'm not talking about the impending dissolution of the Soviet Union — although Philip and Elizabeth Jennings (if they survive) will soon be faced with the reality that the country they've been fighting for is on the brink of collapse. No, I'm talking about the fact that The Americans won't return for Season 7 after the May 30 Season 6 finale. Ironically titled "START," the hour is not just the end of a terrific season of the FX drama… but a final farewell to the series as a whole.
Although it's always hard to say goodbye to a beloved television show, it should be no small consolation that The Americans is going out on its own terms. It wasn't cancelled early due to low ratings, nor did it outstay its welcome until it became irrelevant; six seasons is a respectable run for any series, and one that allowed the writers to tell a complete story with a promising beginning, a well-crafted middle, and a (hopefully) satisfying end that has been in the works for years.
The end date for The Americans was announced almost exactly two years ago, with the show being renewed for two final seasons as the fourth was ending, giving fans — and the writers — plenty of time to prepare. And showrunners Joel Fields and Joe Weisberg have had a plan for the way their story would wrap up for even longer than that.
TV Promos on YouTube
"We've had a good idea since Season 2 where we want the show to end, and to our great surprise, that idea has stuck," even in the face of resurging tensions between the United States and Russia, Weisberg told Bustle in advance of the Season 5 premiere last year. "Nothing about the current situation, insane though it is, is going to alter it." As for the call to end the show with Season 6, "We've just felt really good about that decision, from the beginning," Weisberg told Collider in a 2017 interview. "We had the feeling that we had a lot of stories let to tell, and that we could tell it in two seasons."
As they approached the endgame through the final two seasons, Fields and Weisberg also narrowed down their possibilities for the story's conclusion. "We've known [the end] for a long time, with three different variations, which are just variations of the same thing," Weisberg told Collider. "As we get closer and closer to it, we're down to one or two variations, instead of three. We always say that we can always change our minds, but I think we're getting closer and closer to thinking that we're not going to change our minds."
Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Still, that knowledge is likely going to give little solace to fans who are sad to see such a consistently excellent series depart the airwaves. But The Americans is leaving behind a lasting legacy: not just of amazing wigs and musical montages, but of awards and accolades. The series has been a consistent hit with reviewers, being "Certified Fresh" on RottenTomatoes for all six of its seasons and hitting a critical peak with a 100% Fresh rating in Season 3.
It has been nominated for 14 Critics Choice Awards and 14 Emmy Awards, winning two back-to-back Guest Actress Emmys for Margo Martindale. It was awarded with a Peabody in 2014, alongside such programs as Last Week Tonight With John Oliver, Jane The Virgin, and FX's own Fargo. And in 2016, it was named one of the 100 Greatest TV Shows Of All Time by Rolling Stone, coming in at #43, right between the classic '70s detective series Columbo and the formative NYPD Blue, which is often credited as helping to shepherd in the current Golden Age of TV, of which The Americans is a shining example.
So, will Fields' and Weisberg's plan end with one or both of Philip and Elizabeth dead? Arrested? On the run? Will Paige reconcile with her mother? Will anything happen to Henry? Will Renée turn out to be a Russian spy? There are so many questions left to answer… and only one episode left in which to answer them. Tune in to the Americans series finale to find out, but bring a box of tissues — and a bottle of vodka — just in case.
AMHERST, Mass. — Luwane Pipkins drilled a controversial 3-pointer in the final minute of the second overtime period and Unique McLean added a late jumper as Massachusetts held off Dayton in an Atlantic 10 battle, 86-82 on Saturday afternoon, snapping a five-game losing streak.
Pipkins came up with a loose ball after a scramble and launched his shot as the shot clock expired. Officials counted the trey, but photos show the ball on Pipkins' fingers as the shot clock hit zero.
Josh Cunningham scored at the basket twice to get the Flyers even at 81-81 with 1:29 to play, but Pipkins hit from deep with :55 left. Cunningham hit the second of two free throws seconds later to get Dayton within two, but McLean made it a two-possession lead with :12 left.
Pipkins hit 6 of 13 from distance and finished with 28 points for UMass (11-13, 4-7). C.J. Anderson added 17 points and Carl Pierre and Malik Hines contributed 15 and 14 points, respectively while McLean pulled down 11 rebounds.
ADVERTISEMENT
Call it the reductio ad Baio — that moment when the politicization of consumer goods, or retail tribalism, reaches a new low of absurdity.
It happens like this: Nordstrom declares it's dropping presidential daughter Ivanka Trump's product line. The president tweets against Nordstrom in high dudgeon. "Many women nationwide" (according to Breitbart News', ahem, unscientific estimate) cut up their Nordstrom cards in protest of the luxury retailer's decision. And Charles in Charge actor Scott Baio declares that he will "NEVER AGAIN!" shop at Nordstrom.
L'affair Nordstrom is illustrative of a broader trend: From the TV shows we watch to where we choose to buy groceries, from fast-food chains to arts-and-crafts supply stores, there is seemingly no area of American life that is uninfected by political polarization.
And that's a good thing.
America is a land of ever-more-customized content, goods, and services. The late Russian leader Boris Yeltsin recognized this on a trip to a grocery store near Houston in 1989. "Their supermarkets have 30,000 food items," he said. "You can't imagine it. It makes people feel more secure."
Americans have so much to choose from! And it's inevitable that when faced with such variety, Americans are bound to make consumer choices that comport with their values. Indeed, Harvard Business School's Michael Norton told The Atlantic that politically motivated boycotts often depend on the existence of such choices: "There's some research that shows that one of the key predictors of boycotts is actually the availability of substitutes. … It's as though you will strongly express your political opinions as long as there is a comparable brand that you can buy instead."
Boycotting isn't a zero-sum game of consumer hardball; it's a harmless expression of identity. We talk a big game of outrage, but we're not exactly depriving ourselves of anything when we engage in political boycotting. In fact, the term "boycott," evoking as it does the refusal to buy something, should probably be retired. Because of the choices available to us, Americans today often make affirmative choices with our wallets and eyeballs.
Consider the emergence of Chic-fil-A as a distinctly Christian fast-food alternative in the Obama era. But no one is giving up much of anything by boycotting Chic-fil-A. We're all familiar with those highway signs pointing to the assortment of lodging and restaurant options no more than a mile-and-a-half up the road. If you're opposed to same-sex marriage and enjoy the soothing sounds of instrumental praise-and-worship music, Chic-fil-A is your best bet. If not, then there's McDonald's, Wendy's, Burger King, Arby's, KFC, and on and on and on..
There is emotional satisfaction to be derived in eating at Chic-fil-A — as well as in driving past Chic-fil-A and saying, "I refuse to support them with my business." But let's not be fooled: If you're in the latter group, you're really not giving up anything.
So what do we even mean when we say we'd like to return to the halcyon days before everything became so damn politicized? Effectively, we mean the 1950s, when homogeneity reigned. As the economists Brad DeLong and Stephen S. Cohen write of Eisenhower-era America:
For breakfast, they all had — along with the same milk, break, and butter — a large variety of cereal in boxes, all coming from the same three or four companies. They all washed their hands and faces with Lux or Palmolive or Ivory, and brushed their teeth with toothpaste from the same three companies (Procter & Gamble, Unilever, and Colgate-Palmolive). Their refrigerators and washers and dryers were differentiated in only the small details. By and large, everyone also saw the same movies and heard the same music. … Overwhelmingly, they sent their kids to the public school, a powerful drive for neighborhood separation and homogenization. And of course, the rich man's Cadillac had many features to signal that it was better and certainly more expensive than the plainer man's Chevrolet, but they shared about 85 percent of the same parts. [Concrete Economy]
We cannot return to that era. And the truth is, few of us want to.
Now, I recognize that emotions are running hot. The lines of polarization are hardening. One half of the country can't stand the other half. It's to the point where we're taking out ads for roommates in which support for Trump is considered a dealbreaker. Quite literally, we can't live with each other. But that's the adaptive genius of modern-day America. It's the consumer equivalent of the federalist experiment, where provincial and territorial variety is considered a feature rather than a bug: We don't have to shop together. We don't have to eat together. We don't have to live together.
Pluralism is hard. We have in the Trump administration a cadre of men who seem bent on making it harder. But I would submit that our ability to withdraw from one another is, paradoxically, one of the essential ways in which we're going to make it through all this in one multifarious piece.
PHOTOS AND WORDS BY DAVID JACKSON
Scratching puffy eyes and grumbling about the cold, Hal Monkman emerges from a dew-soaked sleeping bag on the bank of the Nelson River in Northern Manitoba. He shoves his hands deep in the pockets of his puffy down jacket and gazes at the thundering cascade of Bladder Falls. After a long look he turns to Ben Marr, who sits clasping a steeping pot of tea.
“It's still there,” Monkman says.
Joel Kowalski, the mastermind of this unprecedented whitewater mission, answers quietly from his perch on a mossy knoll.
“It wasn't a dream,” a says.
All three go silent again, drinking in the spectacle they would soon come to call the Dream Wave. None of them had anywhere else to be.
Caledonia Warriors sophomore guard Noah King has been a man on fire the past two weeks. King poured in a career high 34 points to lead Caledonia to the Subsection title against St. Charles, and then 27 points in the Section Title game against Byron. "That's the best we've shot it all year, and that's a great game to do it in -- the game to go to state," said Noah King. "Our routine was probably about the same as it's been all year. We did the same things, and I guess i...
More >>
Fave Raves is an annual feature from Network World that invites enterprise IT pros to share hands-on assessments of products they love. Several IT pros raved about their favorite network tools. Here's what they had to say, in their own words. For more enterprise favorites, check out the full Fave Raves collection.
SD-WAN
Software-defined WAN promises a simplified, cost-effective way to simplify branch office connectivity, improve application performance, and better manage WAN expenses. While most enterprises today are only in the very early stages of piloting or implementing SD-WAN, Gartner predicts that by the end of 2019, 30% of enterprises will have deployed SD-WAN technology in their branches, up from less than 1% a year ago.
Among the early adopters is Triton Management Services, a retail service provider based in Carlsbad, Calif., that operates Two Jinn Insurance and Aladdin Bail Bonds.
Trump Guts Requirement That Employer Health Plans Pay For Birth Control
Enlarge this image toggle caption Charles Dharapak/AP Charles Dharapak/AP
The Trump administration is rolling back the Obama-era requirement that employer-provided health insurance policies cover birth control methods at no cost to women.
According to senior officials with the Department of Health and Human Services, the goal of the new rule is to allow any company or nonprofit group to exclude the coverage for contraception if it has a religious or moral objection.
"This provides an exemption, and it's a limited one," said Roger Severino, director of the HHS Office of Civil Rights. "We should have space for organizations to live out their religious identity and not face discrimination."
He said he expects that most companies will continue to provide coverage for birth control and that the changes will only affect a tiny percentage of U.S. women. The new rules are being published Friday in the Federal Register and go into effect immediately.
But some health policy analysts say the new rule creates a huge opening that lets any employer claim an exemption, leaving their female workers to pay the full cost of any birth control out of pocket.
"It is a huge loophole for any employer that does not want to provide birth control coverage to their employees," says Dania Palanker, a professor at Georgetown University's Center on Health Insurance Reform.
The change fulfills a promise President Trump made in May to the Catholic religious order The Little Sisters of the Poor in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden. The nuns had sued the Obama administration over the birth control requirement.
The Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, requires employer-provided health insurance policies to include coverage for preventive health care. After the law passed, HHS used its regulatory authority to specify what has to be included in those preventive services and birth control, including "all Food and Drug Administration approved contraceptive methods, sterilization procedures, and patient education and counseling for all women with reproductive capacity."
But the policy was controversial from the start.
Several companies and religious groups sued, saying the rule infringed on their religious freedom.
The Obama administration created an exemption for churches and allowed other "religious employers" to opt out by notifying the government. When they did so, the administration would arrange with their insurance companies to provide the coverage directly, without the employers' involvement.
But the Little Sisters of the Poor weren't happy with that workaround and sued.
The group's case, and a second one involving private businesses including the Hobby Lobby chain of craft stores, which has 32,000 employees, went to the Supreme Court.
The court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014, saying privately held companies could object on religious grounds. And then, last year, the court issued a split ruling in the Little Sisters case, saying the government shouldn't fine the nuns but ordering the two sides to work out an arrangement that accommodates their religious beliefs.
Before a deal was reached, Trump became president.
At the Rose Garden ceremony in May, he told the Little Sisters of the Poor that he planned to change the rules. "Your long ordeal will soon be over," he promised.
Under the new rule, women who work for Hobby Lobby or the religious group may no longer have access to birth control coverage through the Obama-era workaround. A Hobby Lobby spokesman said the company would have no comment on Friday, and the Little Sisters of the Poor didn't respond to NPR's emails seeking comment.
Hobby Lobby's founder and CEO David Green told reporters in 2013, "Our family is now being forced to choose between following the laws of the land that we love or maintaining the religious beliefs that have made our business successful and have supported our family and thousands of our employees and their families."
HHS officials said they don't expect many companies to seek waivers. They said the group seeking waivers will likely be limited to those about 200 companies and nonprofits that have already sued.
But Palanker says the impact could be a lot bigger. There are a lot of large private companies, she says, whose owners may hold strong religious beliefs but did not want the publicity and expense of suing the federal government.
"A lot of women will retain birth control coverage," Palanker says, "but there will be a lot of women who will lose that coverage."
That means they'll find themselves paying out of pocket. A one-month supply of birth control pills can cost anywhere from $4 to $55 or more, according to GoodRX.com.
Longer-acting contraception, like an intrauterine device, can cost more than $1,000, says Sarah Lipton-Lubet, a vice president at the National Partnership for Women and Families. She says the new rule is a tool for discrimination against women.
"Women shouldn't be denied access to basic health care based on their employers' religious beliefs," she says. "We all have the right to our religious beliefs. But the way that this rule treats religion is really an excuse to discriminate."
HHS officials say they also plan more stringent enforcement of a provision in the Affordable Care Act that prohibits federal subsidies from being used for insurance policies that cover abortion. The agency will issue guidelines for insurers Friday on how they have to charge women who want abortion coverage at least $12 a year more for such a policy, and they have to keep that money in a separate fund to be used only to pay for abortions.
The Trump administration's rule is likely to face its own legal challenges from groups that favor contraception.
NEW YORK — Antonio Brown is nearly impossible to stop.
The Steelers star receiver has already put up some stellar stats in his career, including the most receptions in NFL history (526) in any player's first six years in the league.
And through four games this season, he has 388 yards receiving, which is second in the NFL and only 3 yards away from leading the league.
The top spot is a familiar place for Brown as he beat out everyone for the No. 1 position among the AP's top 10 wide receivers. The voting was done by Pro Football Hall of Fame member James Lofton and 10 AP football writers.
Brown earned eight first-place votes and finished with 103 points.
"Not only is he the best receiver in the game, Brown might be the best all-around player in the NFL," said the AP's Barry Wilner, who is based in New York.
Atlanta's Julio Jones was in second place with 98 points. Jones received the other three first-place votes and six for second place. He led the NFC and was second in the NFL last season with 1,409 yards. He had nine catches for 180 yards with two scores in the NFC championship game against Green Bay as they Falcons reached the Super Bowl before blowing a 28-3 lead and losing in overtime to New England.
"One of the masters of accumulating yards after the catch and a clutch performer, too, as the Packers witnessed in the NFC championship game last season," said the AP's Dave Campbell, who's based in Minneapolis.
Odell Beckham Jr. of the Giants was third with 69 points.
"The guy is one of the most talented players in the game — and one of its most polarizing," said the AP's Dennis Waszak Jr., based in New York. "His acrobatic, one-handed catches have made him an exciting superstar, but his other on-field antics have also kept him in the headlines for the wrong reasons."
Pine Grove's girls spent Tuesday night trying to shut down Minersville's many offensive weapons.
The Cardinals could stop one, maybe two, at a time, but not all of them.
Continuing their undefeated season, the Battlin' Miners pulled away from a 10-point halftime lead and dominated the Cardinals 69-38 in a semifinal of the Comprehensive Women's Health Services Schuylkill League Girls' Basketball Championship at Martz Hall.
“I think we're extremely confident, but we're a loss away from being eliminated from everything,” Minersville head coach Jared Homa said. “We've got to be ready to play every single game.”
The Battlin' Miners (23-0) will oppose Pottsville, a 45-39, overtime winner over Mahanoy Area in Tuesday's other semifinal at Martz Hall, at 6 p.m. Friday back at the same venue.
“One game at a time. Both of these teams are very good, Mahanoy and Pottsville,” Minersville senior Emily Mealey said. “We're going to prepare for them for two days and hopefully come out Friday just like we did (tonight).”
Mealey played a big role in staking Minersville to a 30-20 halftime edge over the Cardinals. The 5-foot-10 center tallied 15 of her eventual 22 points in the opening half.
After that, senior guard Abby Schoffstall scored all of her 12 points in the second half, while fellow classmate Adrienne Kroznuskie tallied 12 of her 16 points after intermission.
“We don't have the firepower to match up,” said Pine Grove head coach Bill Evans, whose team also lost to Minersville by 21 points on Dec. 14. “You've got to give something up playing that team.”
In the opening half, Pine Grove played strong defense against Schoffstall and Kroznuskie. Yet, despite a double-team against her, Mealey took several perfect passes into the lane to score her 15 points.
“When we saw that they were going after Abby and Adrienne, and that I was open, we took advantage of that,” said Mealey, who also finished with 15 rebounds.
Even so, Pine Grove (18-5) stayed with the Battlin' Miners until the final six minutes of the second period.
“Pine Grove was playing extremely well up until this point,” Homa said, referring to the Cardinals' seven-game winning streak. “They were one of the hottest teams coming in. ... We had to control their guards.”
Pine Grove trailed 16-15 after Rachel Edge, who had 12 points and nine rebounds in the game to lead Pine Grove, hit a short jumper.
But Pine Grove's offense fell silent.
Also hurt by six turnovers in the second period, the Cardinals scored no field goals for the last six minutes of the half, instead tallying their final five points from the foul line.
The Cardinals then cut the margin to eight, 32-24, by scoring four of the second half's first six points on drives to the hoop by Jen Kaufman and Faith Shiffer.
But the Miners pulled away.
“I was hopeful to be able to jump into some of our zone presses as game went on, as the shooters' legs tired a little bit,” Evans said. “But we didn't hit enough shots to get into those presses.”
Schoffstall left the game after contact under the Miners' offensive backboard early in the first period, but she returned quickly. She then scored 10 points in the Miners' 21-point third period.
“When Abby went down, it changes everything,” Homa said. “It changes the whole game plan going on. Fortunately for Abby, she was OK. She was able to come back and she really took that game over.”
Minersville also fielded a fourth double-figure scorer in Maggie Wigoda, who had 13 points and nine rebounds, to add yet another weapon to the Battlin' Miners' attack.
Game Summary
Schuylkill League SemifinalsAt Martz Hall
PINE GROVE (38) — Conrad 1 1-2 4, Edge 5 2-2 12, Shiffer 2 2-4 6, Flick 0 0-0 0, Butler 0 0-0 0, Kaufman 3 2-4 8, Sleva 1 0-0 2, Betz 0 0-0 0, Boyer 3 0-0 6. Totals 15 7-12 38.
MINERSVILLE (69) — Kuehn 0 0-0 0, Nawrocki 1 0-0 2, Kriston 2 0-0 4, Graeff 0 0-0 0, Schoffstall 4 4-6 12, Al. Kroznuskie 0 0-0 0, Bentz 0 0-0 0, Mealey 9 4-4 22, Ad. Kroznuskie 5 5-5 16, Wigoda 5 3-4 13. Totals 26 16-19 69.
PG (18-5) 9 11 10 8 — 38 Min (23-0) 12 18 21 18 — 69
3-point FGs: Conrad, Ad. Kroznuskie
CLEVELAND — Andrew Miller can start a throwing program as the Indians' All-Star reliever battles inflammation in his right knee.
Miller, who is on the disabled list for the third time in the past year because of soreness in his knee, visited a specialist in New York on Tuesday. The club said Dr. David Altchek confirmed a previous diagnosis and the left-hander can "begin a gradual progression back to mound activity."
While there is no timetable for Miller to return, the fact that he doesn't need surgery and can resume throwing is great news for the Indians.
Other than Cy Young Award winner Corey Kluber, Miller is the most important pitcher on the club's staff, and if the Indians are going to make a run at a World Series title they'll need the 33-year-old healthy.
Miller was vital to the Indians winning the 2016 pennant as manager Terry Francona rode him hard during the post-season.
On Tuesday, Indians team president Chris Antonetti said surgery was not being discussed for Miller, who is only signed through this season.
One of baseball's most dominant late-inning relievers, Miller hasn't been effective since coming off the DL on May 11. He opened the season with 10 scoreless innings before hurting his left hamstring.
He is 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances.
Francona said getting a second opinion was important for the team and Miller.
"I think a lot of this is to give guys peace of mind," he said. "Not that it doesn't hurt. We know what's there, but even he said, 'If I know this is what it is and I have to deal with it, I can.' So, there are multiple reasons why you do it. But one is also for peace of mind, sure."
Staff Reporter
Karachi
The cotton market remained firm on Saturday as buyers strived to get hold of any lot offered on the last day of the year 2016. However, ginners were reluctant to oblige in anticipation of getting better prices in future.
The sustained buying from spinner pushed prices higher on the ready counter though the official spot rates remained unchanged. The market players are waiting for the next phutti (see cotton) arrivals report due next week, brokers said.
Meanwhile, rising trend being noted in Indian cotton was worrisome for big spinners who were focusing their target to meet their demand through imports. The spinners' body had been convincing to remove customs duty on import of cotton but so far they did not succeed, brokers said.
Ever since the Indian government has allowed the Cotton Corporation of India (CCI)to procure around 1.5 million bales, lint prices started recovering and this was cause of concern for Pakistani spinners.
The world cotton markets under the lead of New York cotton close steady with some modest gains and this also influenced the local market, they added. But the issue facing the spinners was a huge gap between demand and supply because the crop size is being estimated to be not more than 10.015 million bales.
The Karachi Cotton Association (KCA) kept its spot rates at the overnight level despite the fact that deals on the ready counter were finalised at higher prices.
The following notable deals were reported to have changed hands on ready counter: 1,000 bales, Khairpur, at Rs6,300 to Rs6,315, 600 bales, Rohri, at Rs6,325, 1,000 bales, Dharki, at Rs6,500, 200 bales, Burewala, at Rs6,150, 600 bales, Chistian, at Rs6,350, 100 bales, Noorpur, at Rs6,450, 400 bales, Yazman Mandi, at Rs6,450, 2,000 bales, Sadiqabad, at Rs6,500, 4,400 bales, Rahimyar Khan, at Rs6,500 to Rs6,600 and 3,600 bales, Bahawalpur, at Rs6,600.
BANNED performance-enhancing supplements. Drug resistant bacteria.
These are the disturbing new finds in an 'autopsy' of an enormous 750m long 'fatberg' found on the South Bank in Central London. It's just one of 12 such greasy beasts currently clogging London's sewerage system.
All have to be cleared by hand.
And that costs about $1.5 million, each month.
Waterworks authorities have been given the job of finding out exactly what's causing - and what's in - these enormous blobs of congealed fat.
And what Londoners have been flushing down their toilets is cause for concern.
The process goes something like this.
Leftover cooking oil gets tipped down the sink.
This is immediately attracted to the 'wet-ones' people insist on flushing down their toilets despite warnings not to do so.
Together, they catch an enormous variety gruesome discards.
Human fat. Sanitary pads. Condoms. Needles.
"The fat sticks to the side of the pipe, the wet wipes come down and stick to the fat, other fat comes down and sticks to the wet wipes and that adds to the mass of the fatberg," civil engineering consultant Andy Drinkwater told The Guardian.
But it's the trace elements bound within the 90 per cent fat that is so revealing.
Among the surprise discoveries is the sheer quantity of banned muscle-growth supplements such as hordenine and ostarine. These were found in far greater quantities than recreational drugs such as MDMA and cocaine.
But this was not the worst of it.
There were also thriving colonies of antibiotic-resistant, life-threatening bacterins. These include Lysteria, Campylobactre, and E. coli.
While contained to the sewerage system at the moment, there is the threat these could overflow and contaminate the surface above - just like the devastating cholera epidemics of centuries past.
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
Lionel Messi has moved ahead of fellow five-time Ballon d'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo as the highest earner in world football.
Last season, Ronaldo was on top with €87.5 million, while Messi was on €76.5 million.
However, according to figures from France Football, the roles have been reversed as the Argentine is now raking in €126 million (£110.2 million) – compared to the €94 million (£82.2 million) Ronaldo is on course to make for this season.
It seems as though the figures don't take certain other factors such as tax into account – with Messi's mega-contract signed back in November the sole reason for him claiming the No.1 spot.
Neymar, the world's most expensive player is third with €81.5 million (£71.3 million), while Gareth Bale it the second-highest-paid Real Madrid player of the crop – his earnings of €44 million (£38.5 million) putting him in fourth.
Perhaps the biggest surprise of the rankings is that Gerard Pique is in fifth. The Barcelona defender signed a long-term contract containing a £440 million release clause in January, and his figure stands at €29 million.
Real Madrid players Toni Kroos and Sergio Ramos aren't too far behind him, while Zlatan Ibrahimovic makes the top ten despite taking a pretty hefty pay-cut to move to LA Galaxy.
Barcelona pair Luis Suárez and Andres Iniesta, Ezequiel Lavezzi and Oscar over in China, as well as Manchester United duo Alexis Sanchez and Paul Pogba, are all in the top 20.
As per 101 Great Goals, here's the list in full:
20) Manuel Neuer (Bayern Munich): £18.2m a year.
19) Paul Pogba (Manchester United): £19.2m
18) Robert Lewandowski (Bayern Munich): £19.4m
17) Oscar (Shanghai SIPG): £19.4m
16) Edinson Cavani (PSG): £19.7m
15) Thomas Muller (Bayern Munich): £20.1m
14) Karim Benzema (Real Madrid): £20.6m
13) Alexis Sanchez (Manchester United): £20.6m
12) Ezequiel Lavezzi (Hebei China Fortune): £22.1m
11) Andres Iniesta (Barcelona): £22.3m
10) Luis Suarez (Barcelona): £22.7m
9) Antoine Griezmann (Atletico Madrid): £22.7m
8) Zlatan Ibrahimovic (LA Galaxy): £23.4m
7) Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid): £24.1m
6) Toni Kroos (Real Madrid): £24.7m
5) Gerard Pique (Barcelona): £25.4m
4) Gareth Bale (Real Madrid): £38.5m
3) Neymar (PSG): £71.3m
2) Ronaldo (Real Madrid): £82.2m
1) Lionel Messi (Barcelona): £110.2m
It's summer, which means whether you're at a picnic, chilling in your yard, or (worst of all) lying in your own cozy bed, there's a chance an ant may just be waiting to invade your space. OK, so maybe ants aren't that sinister, and most of the time they cross our path while just going about their own busy little ant business, but it can definitely feel like they're out to get us. Which is why this incredibly weird hack for keeping ants away, which is going viral on Twitter, is going to be your new — though unfortunately temporary — bug repelling BFF.
Twitter user @ChristineFox_ inspired a Twitter moment by tweeting July 3 that ants hate chalk. "Draw a chalk ring around your drink or outline your coasters and they won't cross the line," they suggested, with a couple of photos of chalk lines and some very confused ants.
Let's get one thing straight: ants do stop when they encounter chalk lines. But unfortunately, this isn't Supernatural, and ants aren't vengeful spirits you can ward off with a salt (er, chalk) line. According to The Mercury News, a San Jose paper that did us all a favor by investigating animal myths, chalk doesn't have any magic ant-deterring properties. In fact, "anything that disrupts the scent trail will briefly stop the march of ants," reporter Joan Morris wrote. So a chalk line that interrupts the scent trail they're following on their way to your plate of summer BBQ and beans will leave them confused, but according to Morris, "[i]t doesn't take long, however, for the ants to continue their quest."
Other Twitter users chimed in in response to @ChristineFox_, with one tweeting, "Found this out on accident the other day when I drew the alphabet in sidewalk chalk on my front sidewalk for my kid. The ants outlined each letter as to not cross over the chalk."
"This is genius. As an added bonus, one could also keep children occupied as a pest control force, were one so inclined," another tweeted.
Though many folks seem to be discovering the ant-chalk myth for the first time, it does go back a way. Morris reported that this particular myth may have roots with insecticidal chalk, which is illegal, but made in China and sometimes imported to the U.S. (again, illegally). "The pesticide in the chalk is untested, unlabeled and unregulated, making it a potential health threat, especially to children who might play with it as if it were regular chalk," Morris wrote.
It should be noted that other outlets had a more favorable view of chalk repelling ants, like SFGate, which reported that "[a]nts prefer not to walk through a line of powdery material such as chalk dust, talcum powder or diatomaceous earth. Chalk is made of calcium carbonate, which is essentially ground-up seashells." SFGate mentioned scent as well, reporting that ants won't cross a chalk line "because it interferes with their ability to follow scent trails left by other ants."
Another, related myth The Mercury News investigated is that ants won't cross a line of cinnamon, which may hold a bit more scientific truth than chalk. Morris reported, "Researchers have experimented with cinnamon oil and found it has some insect-repelling properties. However, as one entomologist pointed out, ants can crawl and climb, and they can easily find a way around the cinnamon. It does make your house smell nice, though."
While a lot of this info is a little down on chalk, as shown by @ChristineFox_, it definitely does work for at least a temporary period of time, so if you're chilling with the kiddos and doing sidewalk art, drawing a circle around yourself so you won't find any unwelcome guests making their way up your pants leg is totally viable. And as for your house, there are other non-chemical repellants you can make use of, including super groovy bug-repelling houseplants that are pretty and useful.
Here's to an as-bug-free-as-possible summer!
Burrow Global has added Leilani Ka'ano'i-Walsh to its sales team. Ka'ano'i-Walsh has spent the past five years in business development roles focused on the oil- and gas-related industries in Texas, Louisiana and Oklahoma, and has experience working with engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) companies to build partner relationships.
As a business development professional at Burrow Global, Ka'ano'i-Walsh will focus on continuing to grow the regional client base in the midstream and refining markets.
For more information, visit www. burrowglobal.com or call (713) 963-0930.
Observer Report
Karachi
Aafia Movement Pakistan leader and noted neurophysician of the country Dr Fowzia Siddiqui has congratulated Chief Justice of Pakistan (retd) Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk on his nomination as the caretaker prime minister of Pakistan, and said that she is now appealing the tenth prime minister of Pakistan to dole out justice to Aafia Siddiqui.
In a statement here, she said Dr Aafia Siddiqui was kidnapped along with her children from Karachi when Zafarullah Jamali was the prime minister. She said then Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain, Shaukat Aziz, Muhammad Mian Soomro (caretaker), Yusuf Raza Gilani, Raja Pervez Ashraf, Hazar Khan Khoso (caretaker), Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif and Shahid Khaqan Abbasi became prime ministers of Pakistan.
Addressing the nominee caretaker prime minister, she said now you are the 10th prime minister of Islamic Republic of Pakistan and I appeal to you to dole out justice to Aafia Siddiqui. She said presently a common citizen cannot get justice due to the faulty justice system in Pakistan.Dr Fowzia said the nation has pinned a lot of hopes on the caretaker prime minister, who is going to assume his duties at a very critical juncture of time. She said some quarters are spreading panic in the nation through fake news about the demise of Aafia Siddiqui.
Former Chelsea ace, Michael Essien has revealed that he has no desire to be in the dugout as a head coach after retiring from football.
Many football fandoms believe the 35-year-old will venture into coaching as he nears the end of his illustrious playing career.
However, Essien says, "I am still playing in Indonesia and I am thinking of retiring soon. I am now concerned about what I am going to do next.
"I don't have plans of going into coaching but I may do something relating to football', he told Finder Sports at the launch of the Rexona 'Be The Next Champion' held at the Swiss Spirit Hotel last Thursday.
Michael Essien, an Ambassador for Chelsea football club was unveiled as the Brands Ambassador for Rexona 'Be The Next Champion' campaign. The program is a partnership between Rexona and Chelsea Football Club which aims to develop grassroots football in Africa.
Essien after his unveiling as the Brands Ambassador told the paper that he believes this talent hunt can bring out the next Michael Essien or someone even better than him.
"I think we are going to find the next Michael Essien or even someone better than me. It is possible,"
The former Real Madrid has been one of Ghana's top players in Europe over the last decade playing for some top clubs such as Chelsea, Real Madrid, Olympique Lyon and AC Milan.
He was part of the historic squad that won the Champions League with Chelsea in 2012 as well as won a lot of titles with the club.
City plans arts corridor with Walton financing
STACY RYBURN
sryburn@nwadg.com
The Fayetteville City Council on Dec. 5 took the first steps toward making College Avenue a more pedestrian-oriented, shop-friendly corridor where people can live, work and play, following months of discussion and proposal changes.
The council approved two proposals, one rezoning College Avenue from Maple to North streets and another to apply downtown's architectural standards to that stretch. The first item passed unanimously while the second passed 7-1, with Sarah Marsh casting the dissenting vote.
Garner Stoll, Development Services director, said the point was to take a highway and put in the regulatory framework to create a walkable Main Street. The city first took up the proposal in April, bouncing it between the council and Planning Commission and two subcommittees.
The council agreed on two changes Dec. 5. One put gasoline stations and drive-throughs among conditional uses for the stretch, meaning new ones would require a permit from the Planning Commission. The other limited all of the buildings within the overlay district to four stories.
Residents in the Washington-Willow and Wilson Park neighborhoods near the stretch came out during the early months of the proposal to speak against a rezoning to allow large, student-type housing. Different provisions addressing building height went in and out of the proposal before the council agreed on the four-story limit Tuesday.
A previous revision to city code changed building height measurement from feet to stories. City staff first brought up rezoning College Avenue because many of the current buildings, with long setbacks from the right of way and parking lots with numerous curb cuts, didn't comply with modern-day standards. City crews have built 10-foot-wide sidewalks with LED streetlights on the east side of the stretch and are working on doing the same to the west side.
The council debated the setback requirements as the final wrinkle to iron out. Marsh proposed buildings should be able to run flush to the sidewalk up to 10 feet back. Council member Matthew Petty said the rule as proposed, with a setback of 10 to 25 feet, was adequate for now.
Marsh said the extra space makes it so people have room to throw cigarette butts and trash and that it creates an inconsistent streetscape. Petty said the 10-foot-wide sidewalks won't sustain a future mixed-use development hub and there needs to be enough room to make them bigger to accommodate more foot traffic or plazas.
The city toured the area Monday, where Marsh said 25 feet seemed too long. She used Lacuna Modern Furniture as an example of a well-designed building that would be out of compliance because it's right next to the sidewalk.
Marsh's amendment to change the setback failed 7-1.
In other business, the council accepted a nearly $1.8 million grant from the Walton Family Foundation to design a cultural arts corridor. The city was one of three others to receive a grant for such an endeavor.
The foundation will pay world-renowned designers to come up with outdoor elements on about 12 acres the city owns downtown. Examples include plazas, festival spaces, places for parking, natural spaces and streetscape enhancements.
Mayor Lioneld Jordan has talked about a Times Square equivalent for Fayetteville. Chief of Staff Don Marr said the designers will consider the interests of downtown patrons, the Walton Arts Center, Dickson Street Merchants Association, the library, TheatreSquared and other stakeholders.
Peter Nierengarten, sustainability and parking director, estimated the work could amount to $15-$20 million in improvements to be paid for through a voter-approved bond program.
Petty said something like a cultural arts district can outlast governments.
“This is the kind of the thing that will define not just who we are, but who our great-grandchildren in Fayetteville think Fayettevillians are,” he said. “It's really hard to overstate the impact of this on future generations or the value of it today.”
__
Next meeting
The council left on its first reading an item to renew the $98,000 contract with Area Agency on Aging of Northwest Arkansas to provide recreation services at the senior center. City Attorney Kit Williams said he would work on terms of the contract that would allow the city to have a say in the hiring of a new center director.
Cayla Wilson, the director, served her last day in the role Nov. 21. Four residents spoke Dec. 5, some bringing up Wilson and praising her work, others asking the city to look into taking over operations at the center.
Discussion of the item will resume at the next meeting.
When: 5:30 p.m. Dec. 19
Where: Room 219, City Hall, 113 W. Mountain St.
THERESA MAY'S thankless task was illustrated by the contemptuous – and disrespectful – interview carried out by the BBC's abrasive political editor Laura Kuenssberg at the end of the Prime Minister's successful trade trip to China that yielded new business deals and job opportunities.
Mrs May did well to maintain her composure during an inquisition that was more about Ms Kuennssberg trying to make a name for herself with her snide insinuations rather than discussing Britain's relationship with the rest of the world when it leaves the EU.
Theresa May and her husband Philip during a walkabout in Shanghai.
Unlike the BBC which is clearly on the side of those Tories who want to see the Prime Minister toppled as they exploit her political difficulties, the rest of the country wants Mrs May to succeed in her negotiations in the EU and would like others in positions of authority to get behind the country's leader.
Yet, while Brexit has become all-consuming in the Westminster village where Ms Kuennssberg holds court and pontificates endlessly about the nuances of conversations with unnamed sources, it's not the be-all and end-all in the real world. Here, residents want to see the welcome commitment – and attention – that Mrs May has afforded to issues like loneliness, a campaign started by this newspaper exactly four years ago, extended to the wider domestic policy agenda.
As she admitted herself this week, she's made mistakes and she needs to improve the delivery of her reforms. But she's not a quitter and she certainly deserves more respect than is being shown by her many critics in the Parliamentary party and BBC.
KITCHENER — Singer and recording artist Bud Roach is always looking for the new, the unexplored, the where the heck did that come from sort of musical score.
It seems he found it with 17th-century composer Alessandro Scarlatti's comic opera "Folly in Love" and in all the excitement, the Hamilton-based Roach invited along a few friends to perform and record the music in three concerts, starting Friday in Kitchener.
"People are hungry to hear something for the first time and it's so artistically satisfying," said Roach, an artist who has made a name for himself recording rare works under the Musica Omnia label.
After Nota Bene Baroque Players in Kitchener asked Roach to find little known music from an old composer for a collaborative work, he decided to rifle through the archives at McMaster University's music collection, a treasure trove for musicians.
"I just saw it in McMaster archives, there were lots of composers around (during that period) and we should know more about them," he said. "People don't seem to do that, they don't put the work and energy into bringing this music to life."
The Italian-born Scarlatti was only 18 in 1679 when he wrote this story of love and mistaken identity. The opera came to the attention of the Pope who had banned having women on stage as well as any church's employment of theatre musicians. He went so far as to have the musicians and Scarlatti arrested but an arts patron, the Swedish Queen Christina, came to his defence, informing the Pope he needed to back off.
The titillating backstory, the good music, kept the opera in the public eye and it toured Italy for decades.
Roach's group, Capella Intima as well as his pal Margaret Gay and her Gallery Players of Niagara along with Nota Bene are coproducers for the show so it will be one big happy family of musicians who happen to specialize in early music played on period instruments.
The soloists include soprano Sheila Dietrich, mezzo Vicki St. Pierre, baritone David Roth and Roach singing tenor as well as directing.
"It's Scarlatti's first opera and it's never been recorded," said Julie Baumgartel, violinist and a creative director with Nota Bene. "Bud wanted to pick something that has never been recorded before."
"The Gilded Age," the much-anticipated followup from the creator of the British period drama "Downton Abbey," is to air in 2019 on NBC. The 10-part series is written by the British screenwriter and director Julian Fellowes, who will also be its executive producer.
The series is set in the 1880s New York and will follow the character of Marion Brook during a time of rapid social change, exploring the tension between new money and established wealth.
"To write 'The Gilded Age' is the fulfilment of a personal dream," Fellowes said in a statement. "America is a wonderful country with a rich and varied history, and nothing could give me more pleasure than be the person to bring that compelling history to the screen."
Plans for "The Gilded Age" were first announced by NBC in 2012, while "Downton Abbey" was still in production. In an interview with The New York Times in 2015, Fellowes said of creating the new show, "I am a big, big fan of Edith Wharton and Henry James and that period of history after the Civil War — the Vanderbilts and the Whitneys and all of those people."
It doesn't make honey, live in a hive or have yellow stripes, but the unassuming Australian masked bee holds the key to disrupting the trillion-dollar global plastics industry.
A biotech start-up company has found the solitary masked bee's cellophane-like nesting material is not only water-repellent, as expected, but also resistant to flames, high temperatures and strong chemicals.
Humble Bee, based in New Zealand, is now in the process of reverse-engineering the nesting material in a bid to manufacture a biodegradable alternative to plastic on a large scale and at a competitive price.
Wall Street's top regulator has raised alarms about the money flooding into bitcoin trading and other cryptocurrency markets, warning the red-hot corner of less-regulated finance is burning with risk for retail investors, The Wall Street Journal reports.
Securities and Exchange Commission chairman Jay Clayton issued a lengthy statement spelling out his concerns about bitcoin, which the agency does not regulate, and other deals that piggyback off excitement about the cryptocurrency.
...
Johnson primed for U.S. Open defence after missing Masters
Dustin Johnson is fit and braced for another title tilt in Wisconsin following the birth of his second child ? River Jones Johnson.
by Omnisport News 15 Jun 2017, 04:33 IST
World number one Dustin Johnson
After missing the Masters, world number one Dustin Johnson feels ready to defend his U.S. Open crown at Erin Hills.
A freak accident forced Johnson to withdraw from April's Masters – a back injury suffered after falling on the stairs at his rental home.
Johnson, however, is fit and braced for another title tilt in Wisconsin following the birth of his second child – River Jones Johnson.
"Obviously, it was very disappointing not to be able to play, kind of with a freak accident," Johnson told reporters on Wednesday.
"I'm excited to come back and defend this week. The game feels like it's in really good shape. I've been working really hard at it the last couple of days. And also it just all depends.
"It's going to be a long week. Every part of the game is going to have to work well if I want to have a chance here on Sunday afternoon.
"I feel like I'm prepared, I feel like I'm ready, and we'll see what happens."
Johnson's wife, Paulina Gretzky, gave birth to the couple's second son on the eve of the American's U.S. Open defence.
Fortunately the timing was perfect as Johnson – who missed the cut at the Memorial Tournament last time out – revealed he considered skipping the major.
"It depended on when she had the baby or when we could have it," the 32-year-old said when asked if he thought missing the tournament was a possibility before the arrival of his son. "It was definitely a thought, but everything worked out and I'm here playing."
Much has been made about the location of this year's U.S. Open, with some players critical of the layout. The gargantuan Erin Hills will play more than 7,700 yards, starting Thursday.
Johnson said: "I really like it. It's another course which -- all U.S. Opens there's a big premium on hitting the fairways. You've got to drive it in the fairways. Some of them are really wide. But they don't play quite as wide as they look.
"But it's a typical U.S. Open venue where the fact is that you have to hit the fairways. You can't really play from the rough. So they do give us a little bit more room here, which is nice. Obviously with the weather conditions we've had the last few days the course is really soft and going to play long. I don't know, I like the golf course. I think it sets up very well for me."
Published this week, our new paper describes a spectacular 400 million-year-old 3D-preserved fossil fish, Ligulalepis.
The 3D anatomy of the fossilised Ligulalepis skull reveals previously unknown details of the pattern of dermal skull bones, the shape of the brain cavity, and other soft tissue features (such as nerves and blood vessels) in this species.
Why are we so excited about discovering the structure of an ancient fish skull? Because Ligulalepis sits in a very important position in the vertebrate evolutionary tree.
Boney fishes - and us
Fishes are the most diverse group of backboned animals (vertebrates) on the planet, with roughly 30,000 known species.
The vast majority of these (around 98 percent!) are bony fishes or osteichthyans.
This includes most of the fishes we like to eat, such as salmon, tuna and trout, as well as fishes we keep as pets, like goldfishes and guppies.
These are called ray-finned fishes (actinopterygians) as their fins are supported by bony rods called fin-rays.
The other major group of bony fishes have robust lobe-fins (sarcopterygians), a group that contains the living lungfishes and coelacanths, as well as several extinct groups.
Sarcopterygians are an important group because the first four-legged land animals, the tetrapods, evolved from them.
Today we can regard all living tetrapods (amphibians, reptiles, birds and mammals) as a subgroup within the bony fishes.
An exciting new find
The first discovery of the fish called Ligulalepis was a tiny fossil fish skull found in limestone near Wee Jasper in New South Wales about 20 years ago.
It has fuelled debate around early osteichthyan evolution ever since, without any clear resolution as to where this enigmatic fish sits in the family tree.
Then, about two years ago, a second skull of this fish was discovered by a Flinders University student, Benedict King. The specimen was found in the same limestone outcrops near Wee Jasper.
It was also preserved in 3D, but was even more complete than the original specimen.
Earlier work by us recognised electroreceptive sensory pits in this skull of Ligulalepis.
Secrets of the skull
Both the old and new skulls were the focus of our new paper. Our team first prepared the tiny more recent specimen (less than 2cm in length) out of the rock using using weak acetic acid to expose the bone, as the carbonate rock dissolved.
Then we used micro computed tomography (CT) scanning to visualise the skeletal anatomy of the two known Ligulalepis specimens. Powerful X-rays pass through the bones to reveal many hidden features inside the skulls.
The scans revealed a perplexing mixture of characters in the skulls of these fish. Some features, like the shape of the inner ear canals, seemed to belong to cartilaginous fishes such as sharks. Other features, like the overall shape of the brain case, were clearly osteichthyan (bony fish) characters.
The pattern of bones that form the skull roof was an unexpectedly primitive feature also seen in an extinct group of jawed fishes called placoderms.
The CT technique enabled us to reconstruct what the brain cavity of this 400 million year old fish looked like, allowing us to digitally restore the brain shape for the first time (see video below).
A complicated family tree
Prior to our detailed analysis of this skull, some scientists considered Ligulalepis to be closely related to the ray-finned fishes. Others placed it alongside lobe-finned fishes.
A third school of thought envisaged it even lower down on the fish family tree – and this is close to where we have now placed it, on the "stem" of the tree leading to the true osteichthyans.
Its unique position on the tree of life means that Ligulalepis provides great insight into what the ancestor of the two major radiations of bony fishes looked like.
Furthermore, the detailed analysis of its newly revealed characters helps to clarify the early evolutionary radiation of all animals with a bony skeleton - including us humans.
The position of Ligulalepis in the evolutionary family tree at the base of the osteichthyan radiation. (Brian Choo)
Missing fossils
Most modern fish are ray-finned fish (actinopterygians), with around 29,000 living species. Their origins can be confidently dated back to the Middle Devonian, around 390 million years ago with fishes like Cheirolepis from Scotland.
However the existence of the related group "lobe-fins" (sarcopterygians) is much older, with early representatives of that group such as Guiyu, from China, dated at about 430 million years ago. This suggests there are some parts of the early fish fossil record that are poorly understood.
Our fossil and the new analyses we have performed helps to resolve the big question about what the ancestor of all modern bony fishes looked like. It also illustrates the sequence of changes these early fish went through to achieve their modern "body plan".
Also, our analyses show that Ligulalepis was the closest known species to a peculiar group of early lobe-finned fish called "psarolepids" known only from China.
It supports the hypothesis that the first early boney fish originated and radiated in China, then migrated out via East Gondwana (Australia and Antarctica), the part of the southern supercontinent closest to the ancient Chinese terrains.
Our findings highlight that the evolutionary family tree of the first bony fishes is much more complicated than we had thought, demonstrating the importance of palaeontology to help us more accurately understand our distant origins.
Alice Clement, Research Associate in the School of Biological Sciences, Flinders University and John Long, Strategic Professor in Palaeontology, Flinders University.
This article was originally published by The Conversation. Read the original article.
The Pendleton County Grant Jury met on January 18, 2017 and handed down seven indictments on six individuals.
To view more, please log in or subscribe to the digital edition.
CRYPTOS: MINING THE FUTURE Video – SGTReport
With Wall Street's easily criminally-manipulated Bitcoin futures contracts officially launching Sunday night, all eyes are on Bitcoin and the crypto space. Will the master manipulators succeed in bringing the Bitcoin price down? The shorts are certainly foaming at the mouth, but Bitcoin is a 24/7/365 market and Clif High's data suggests that the Bitcoin futures experiment will be a dismal failure. With the market cap of the top 100 crypto currencies around $415 Billion US Dollars, the stakes couldn't be higher. And Frank Holmes the Chairman of HIVE Blockchain has placed a large portion of his bet on the cryptos. HIVE Blockchain is not only mining fresh coins, it's hoarding them for long term price appreciation. HIVE Blockchian Technologies trades on the OTC as PRELF.
Video Source
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Warwick's annual Regency Ball is heralded a success despite the snow.
The heavy snow on Saturday night and Sunday stayed away just long enough for guests from across the country to get to Warwick for the annual Christmas Regency Ball.
People came from as far as Dorset, Hampshire, Staffordshire, Lincolnshire and Essex to attend the ball.
The Dance Caller, Frances Richardson, guided the guests through the moves including the turn-single, cast, allemande and the poussette.
The live music was provided by period music specialists ‘Mr. Sayer's Players'.
Authentic dances from the regency period performed by the guests included The Prince of Wales Fancy, The Savage, The Comical Fellow, and Roger de Coverley.
During the interval Unlocking Warwick volunteers served canapés provided by Oken's Kitchen, and drinks including negus punch made from an 18th century recipe.
The hot negus was particularly popular as dancers arrived on a freezing cold night.
There was a brief presentation about the strict etiquette of the ball in Regency times, and how Jane Austen had frequently used behaviour at a ball to reveal a character's true qualities.
Then mezzo-soprano Imogen parker sang a contemporary song satirising the changing fashions of the ‘Empire' period.
Published:
French President, Emmanuel Macron has made good his promise to visit the new Afrikan Shrine in Lagos.
Last night, he was received by late Fela Anikulapo Kuti's first son, Femi Kuti in company of Lagos State governor, Akinwunmi Ambode.
In the words of the French President, 'I mean Fela, Femi, Seun Kuti are obviously very famous in France and Europe, I mean they are big successes but the Shrine is a cultural hub, an iconic hub and it is very important for me first on a personal level, and that is why I want 2 say with a lot of humility that I recognize the importance of this place, I recognize the place of culture in this current environment.”
Share This
Glenn Maxwell reveals why he will not sledge Virat Kohli
Australian all-rounder remains reluctant to agitate the Indian captain in upcoming Test series.
by Ram Kumar News 15 Feb 2017, 20:05 IST
Maxwell and Kohli are said to be good friends off the field (Image courtesy: cricket.com.au)
What's the story?
Australian all-rounder Glenn Maxwell does not want to sledge Virat Kohli during the upcoming Border-Gavaskar Trophy. The 28-year-old, who is believed to share a good off-field rapport with the Indian skipper, insisted that riling him up might not be the best way to stop his imperious run.
“I'm probably not going to say anything to him, that's for sure. Virat is up and down, I suppose, with sledging. If you (strike) a chord with him or something gets him agitated to play a big shot, then (the) blokes are more than welcome to go for it. But at the moment, there's not much agitating him. I think Steve (Smith) said it perfectly in the press conference yesterday. The guys that want to get involved verbally – if that gets the best out of them, then go for it,” Maxwell told cricket.com.au.
On Australia's strategy to counter Kohli's irrepressible form, he hoped, “The thing with that (form) is it can take only one bit of bad luck or an unfortunate dismissal where he's run out or something and that can sometimes trigger a little bit of indecision or doubt. So hopefully in the first couple of Tests, we can create that doubt and get him wondering about his technique.“
The Background
Kohli has led India to a sequence of 19 unbeaten Tests and six successive series victories. The 28-year-old Delhi batsman began his Test captaincy against Australia in the 2014 Adelaide Test and immediately showed his class with a century in each inning.
Though the visitors lost by just 48 runs, they sent out a strong message by opting to go after the daunting target of 364 on a rapidly deteriorating fifth-day pitch.
The heart of the matter
Sledging has been a vital part of Australia's no-holds-barred approach. Despite being well aware of the gruelling challenge that awaits them, skipper Smith publicly urged his team-mates to treat the Indians to verbal aggression.
Maxwell has had his fair share of drama with the wiles of Ravichandran Ashwin. Largely seen during the limited-overs formats, the Victorian's unorthodox sweep shots have often annoyed the off-spinner, who would unfurl his own set of variations.
The hard-hitting batsman's words could indicate Australia's reluctance to sledge Kohli. With double centuries in four consecutive series, the Indian captain could get even more fired up if the visitors were to have a go at him verbally.
What's next?
Having been brought back to the Test squad, the four-match series presents a massive opportunity for Maxwell to showcase his skills in the game's traditional format. The first Test is slated to begin on the 23rd at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune.
Sportskeeda's Take
Considering the number of interviews focusing on their Indian tour, the mood in the Australian camp seems to be one of pensiveness rather than excitement. It remains to be seen how chirpy they will be against an in-form and ruthless unit in their own backyard.
As we have seen over the course of the last season or two, the Kohli-led Indian team does not shy away from responding to verbal attacks. The stage is set for a fascinating series.
Islamabad police along with Pakistan Rangers on Saturday conducted search operation in various areas of Tarnol and Secretariat police stations and arrested 28 suspects including seven drug pushers besides recovery of 6.650 kilogram hashish and 1.100 kilogram heroine from them.
According to details, officers/officials of Islamabad Police and Pak Rangers conducted search operation in various areas of Tarnol and Secretariat police stations. Under supervision of SP (Saddar) Aamir Khan Niazi, and SP City Ahmed Iqbal, SHOs Tarnol and Secretariat joined this search operation while police commandos, lady commandos and staff of Bomb Disposal squad also participated in it.
They screened 200 houses and checked more than 180 persons, interrogated them and arrested 28 suspects including seven drug pushers namely Muhammad Zubair, Nisar Ahmed, Muhammad Adnan, Fahim, Muhammad Ishfaq and Ajab Khan. Police also recovered 6.650kg hashish and 1.100kg heroin from their possession.
The SSP of Islamabad, Najeeb-ur-Rehman Bugvi has has said that the purpose of this search operation is to ensure high vigilance in the city and every effort will be made to ensure protection to the lives and property of citizens. He has also appealed the citizens to remain vigilant and inform police in case of any suspicious activity around them. The SSP also directed to accelerate efforts to get rid from the menace of drug pushing.—INP
Related
The Boston Celtics filled their last available roster spot on Friday, signing second-round pick and former California guard Jabari Bird to a two-way contract — a new contract option this season made available for teams who want to take advantage of the G-League (yes, I hate typing “G-League” as much as you hate reading it).
The Celtics now have 16 guaranteed contracts on their roster and two two-way deals, meaning that this is their final roster entering the 2016-17 season.
Since 2003, the City of Toronto and the Toronto District School Board have worked together to operate a number of school pools across Toronto. As part of the current pools agreement, the city funds the operation of 29 (originally 33 in 2012) school pools and is given exclusive use of the pools in the evenings, on weekends and during summer break. The city was and continues to be in the best position to fund pools since they have many more revenue sources — taxes, user fees — than the TDSB.
When the TDSB and the city first entered into this agreement, they shared a vision that pools are incredibly valuable community assets that are integral to the health and wellness of students and the broader community.
Fast forward to 2017 and what has changed? Apart from the odd new city pool, which might replace a school pool, the only thing that has changed is the city's choice to place fiscal restraint ahead of the community benefits.
Last year, the city backed out of funding three pools. This year, they're proposing to back out of another three. Dive deeper into city documents and you will find there was actually a plan to cut funding for 10 pools in total. In the wake of community outrage and intervention by Toronto's own Olympic gold medal swimmer Penny Oleksiak, those additional seven pools are now off the table.
In total, the city has cut funding for 11 pools since 2007. Yes, the TDSB has found the funds to continue operating them for the time being, but we've had to do this at the expense of other priorities, such as fixing our schools.
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Members of the public are being invited to join the National Plant Monitoring Scheme (NPMS), the leading long-term habitat-based plant monitoring scheme.
NPMS, which launched in 2015 and has since been adopted by the Scottish Government as a measure for the Scottish Biodiversity Strategy, is already transforming how we understand plant communities and their habitats.
And Plantlife and its partners now need help from anyone who cares about how our countryside is changing so that the survey can continue to go from strength to strength.
Hayley New, Plantlife's NPMS volunteer co-ordinator, said: ‘Thankfully, we have a very good understanding of changes in the populations of birds, butterflies and bats.
‘But, despite plants being the very foundation of habitats and ecosystems, we do not currently have a good measure of changes in plant populations across the country.
‘Given that plants fuel the diversity of life, it is essential that we better understand the changes under way across the countryside at large.
‘From climate change to air pollution, plants face an increasing array of challenges and it is essential that we improve monitoring so that we are able to fill the green gap in UK biodiversity surveillance and step up conservation efforts. NPMS' 1,100 volunteers are doing an absolutely sterling job monitoring 28 habitats including moorland, grassland and woodland, but now more volunteers are needed to take the project to the next level.'
To become involved, go to www.npms.org.uk/content/how-get-involved.
RILEY COUNTY — First responders with four agencies worked together Sunday night to rescue a group stranded on a sandbar due to low water levels on the Kansas River.
According to a social media report from the Riley County Police Department, the Manhattan Fire Department, Riley County EMS and the officials with the Kansas Department of Kansas Wildlife, Parks and Tourism combined their resources to rescue six adults and five children.
No injuries were reported.
A silver whistle lost in a wood near Bristol by a young sailor who was later killed in World War Two has been found, and now the search is on for his surviving family.
Darren Tremlett is looking for the family of Lt Richard Lane Hogarth, a 25-year-old from Churchill, near Weston-super-Mare, who was killed in Normandy a few weeks after D-Day.
Mr Tremlett, 46, found the silver whistle while sweeping High Patch wood in Churchill with a metal detector, and set about solving the mystery behind the name engraved on it – RL Hogarth.
He did some research and discovered a Richard Lane Hogarth was killed when his motor-torpedo boat 211 was attacked in Normandy on July 19, 1944 - six weeks after D-Day.
He is buried at Haslar military cemetery in Gosport, Hants - but was originally from Churchill, close to where his whistle was found 73 years after his death.
Darren found he was the youngest son of William Robert and Esther Hogarth but has since struggled to find his relatives to return the whistle to his family.
Darren, whose son Mikey is only a year younger than Lt Hogarth was when he died, said: “It was very exciting finding out who it belonged to. I have had a bit of help to find out his age and how he got killed on a boat in Normandy.
“I even found a picture of his gravestone. It's fantastic,” he added.
In his bid to reunite the whistle with the Hogarth family, Darren has gone back to Churchill in his spare time and asked locals.
But after drawing a blank he has now taken to contacting people on Facebook of the same name.
Darren, a builder and father-of-four from Bristol, added: “When I found the whistle I didn't know he was from Churchill.
“It makes sense it was found where he was brought up, where he lived,” he added.
Churchill was listed as Lt Hogarth's home address in newspaper obituaries. Darren said: "He got torpedoed on a boat - he could have lost it in the woods. I don't know what he was doing in there, it could have fallen out of his pocket.
"I'd like it, if it happened to me, if someone said 'I've got your uncle's wallet' or something. I just want to get it back to the family,” he added.
Staff Reporter
The Tobacco Control Cell (TCC) of Ministry of National Health Services has conducted more than 402 awareness and capacity building sessions for Law Enforcement Agencies (LEAs), authorized persons and general public in which about 12,000 persons have been sensitized and trained. The Cell is taking demand and supply reduction measures to control epidemic of tobacco use in the country.
Tobacco use is a single largest preventable cause of death in the world and in Pakistan, tobacco kills 1645 men and 442 women every week which is about 298 deaths per day, 2087 per week and 108,800 per year.
According to Tobacco Atlas, 5th Edition, World Lung Foundation- 2015, the diseases caused by tobacco use include lung cancers, heart diseases, stroke and illnesses. Highlighting the measures adopted by the Cell to control tobacco epidemic in the country, official sources on Sunday said these included Policy and Legislation Level Interventions, ban on import of Sheesha (tobacco and non-tobacco) and related substances, introduction of Pictorial Health Warning on cigarette packs and outers, ban on tobacco products advertisement in print, electronic and outdoor media and ban on free samples, cash rebates, discounts and sponsorship of events.
The other steps included ban on manufacturing and sale of cigarettes packs having less than 20 cigarette sticks, illegalization of “Designated Smoking Areas,” and increase in FED on cigarette packs (40.33% increase in FED in last two financial years-44.77% on lower slab and 35.89 % on upper slab).
Under infrastructure development and institutionalization, the sources said Tobacco Control Cells have been established in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KPK) and Balochistan while Punjab and Sindh have committed the same.
Some other steps included formation of National Technical Advisory Group (TAG), formation of technical working group on tobacco taxation, formation and activation of Provincial Implementation Committees/Task forces for tobacco control in provinces, formation and activation of District Implementation & Monitoring Committees on tobacco control in model districts and formation of district enforcement teams in model districts. Moreover, under awareness interventions, the sources said the Cell conducted provincial and district implementation committees meetings, launching of two national mass media campaigns – Sponge (2016) and Tobacco is Hollowing You Out (2015), dissemination of information materials on hazards of tobacco use, second hand tobacco smoke and tobacco control laws (1,157,000 units have been disseminated), installation of plates/posters carrying “Smoking is an Offense” message in ministries, schools/universities, hotels, public service vehicles and other public places and also installation of 200 boards with tobacco control messages at public places in Islamabad.
Similarly, under multifarious awareness interventions, the sources said Cell's endeavours included Radio and TV Programmes, newspaper ads, production and airing of two documentary films in national and regional languages, incorporation of tobacco control messages in curriculum and branding of buses with tobacco control messages in Islamabad/Rawalpindi.
The sources said under enforcement measures, the Cell ensured capacity building of law enforcement officers/authorized persons, raids by law enforcement teams and as a result 963 cases have been registered across the country under various sections of 2002 Ordinance. Following are main tobacco control laws that are available to the Cell: Prohibition of Smoking and Protection of Non-Smoker's Health Ordinance, 2002 and Cigarette (Printing of Warning) Ordinance, 1979: Amendment in 2002.
How A High Schooler Helped Reunite Twins 74 Years After Their World War II Deaths
Enlarge this image toggle caption Virginia Mayo/AP Virginia Mayo/AP
Sometimes a high school history project ends up making history. That's what happened when a 16-year-old Nebraska student decided to participate in the National History Day project in 2015.
Partly due to her research, the bodies of two American twin brothers, separated at death during World War II, were finally reunited.
On June 19, 2018 — 74 years to the day after they were killed off the coast of Normandy, France — Ludwig Julius Wilhelm "Louie" Pieper and Julius Heinrich Otto "Henry" Pieper were laid to rest side by side in the Normandy American Cemetery, high on a bluff overlooking Omaha Beach.
The twins were born in Esmond, South Dakota, and grew up in Creston, Neb. They enlisted in the Navy together and took part in the 1944 D-Day Normandy invasion as radiomen 2nd class on the same landing ship.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Susan Lawrence via AP Susan Lawrence via AP
Nearly two weeks after D-Day, Landing Ship Tank 523 was crossing the Channel from England, trying to reach France's Utah Beach. It was loaded with men, vehicles, equipment and explosives. The ship hit an underwater German magnetic mine, exploded and sank within minutes, according to the American Battle Monuments Commission. The Pieper twins were 19 years old.
Rescuers found Louie's body after the explosion. But Henry's wasn't immediately found and identified. He became one of World War II's tens of thousands of missing in action. His name was inscribed on the Walls of the Missing at the American military cemetery in Normandy, where Louie was buried.
Henry's remains were eventually discovered, but remained unidentified. For decades, the body was labeled "Unknown X-9352" and was buried at another military cemetery in Belgium — until now.
Tim Nosal, who heads external affairs at the American Battle Monuments Commission in Virginia, says they are always looking for America's missing soldiers, but this time there was an incredible coincidence that helped them find one.
"We were looking at all the information we have on the unknowns in our cemeteries when, at the same time, a high school student in Nebraska was doing research," says Nosal. "And it's almost like a new piece of the puzzle came across the table."
It was 2015, and Vanessa Taylor was a student at Ainsworth High School in Ainsworth, Neb., and was looking for a topic for a class project.
"We were supposed to select a silent hero from our state," says Taylor, now a student at the University of Nebraska.
She began her research by looking at websites listing soldiers killed from her state.
"I just happened to notice there were two people killed who had the same exact last name," she says. "So I thought it was kind of interesting and wondered if there was a connection or if it was just a coincidence."
Taylor says she found out they were twin brothers who served in the same branch of the military. "And they were on the same ship when they died," she adds.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eleanor Beardsley/NPR Eleanor Beardsley/NPR
Taylor's requests to the U.S. government for personnel files on the sailors caught the attention of officials at the Defense POW-MIA Accounting Agency, which tracks soldiers who have been prisoners of war or missing in action. They drew a possible link between the missing twin and the remains of six unidentified sailors found by French divers who were dismantling a sunken American ship off Omaha Beach in 1961. Those unidentified remains were buried at the Ardennes American Cemetery in Belgium.
"It was fresh [information] to them and it helped them put the pieces together to identify a sailor that was missing from this particular vessel," says Nosal.
The remains were positively identified as Henry's in November 2017, using DNA and dental records.
The twins had four other siblings. Their last living sister, MaryAnn Pieper Lawrence, died in May.
At the June ceremony in Normandy, her daughter Susan Lawrence said her mother got the news of the positive identification last Thanksgiving.
"For her, it was like the biggest burden lifted off her shoulders. She was just carrying it all this time," says Lawrence. "What happened to the brother — and to have him identified and know he was found, it was the biggest blessing for Thanksgiving we could have possibly had."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Virginia Mayo/AP Virginia Mayo/AP
The family asked the monuments commission if they could bury the twins side by side in the verdant, pine tree-lined cemetery above Omaha Beach.
Louie's body was moved to a space where it could be reburied next to Henry.
"The American Battle Monuments Commission went out of its way to make it happen," says Lawrence.
At the end of World War II, about 79,000 Americans were unaccounted for, according to the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency. Today, the agency's website says, more than 72,000 remain unaccounted for from the war.
Many bodies have been identified, says Nosal. But once they are, their families usually repatriate them to the United States.
He says this is the first missing soldier to be identified and buried in this Normandy cemetery of more than 9,300 graves.
"People will be talking about the Pieper twins and visiting their graves for as long as this cemetery exists," he says. "Five million visitors come through this cemetery each year. If you were to rebury your loved one in a private cemetery back home, he would never receive so many visitors. There's a strong message here for the world, of what these men sacrificed their lives for."
As the June ceremony got underway, taps was played as six midshipmen carried Henry's flag-draped coffin between the rows of white marble crosses and Stars of David. The twins' family members sat in a row of chairs on the green lawn. Six nieces and nephews of the twins traveled from the U.S. to witness the burial of uncles they never met.
One of the nephews, Louis Henry Pieper, is named after both twins. His father died before learning of the discovery of the missing sibling's remains.
"He knew that one of his brothers was buried in Normandy and the other one was unknown," said Pieper. "It was always a wound in his heart not knowing where his brother was, so he never talked about it."
As eldest niece and next of kin, Linda Pieper Suitor, was presented with the flag from Henry's coffin after the ceremony. She said this event has changed her life.
"I think I've found a new purpose for my life," Suitor said. "I'm going home and I'm going to visit high schools and share this story and make sure students know about this history project. I'm going to tell them what it's meant to me and my family."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Virginia Mayo/AP Virginia Mayo/AP
A newspaper clipping from the summer of 1944 in student Vanessa Taylor's online project says 300 people turned out for a memorial ceremony for the twins in their little Nebraska town. Henry and Louie were the first sons of Creston to die in the war, according to the old newspaper article.
The twins were first-generation Americans. Both their parents had emigrated from Germany. Niece Susan Lawrence says the family was proud to be American and knew Hitler had to be stopped.
Initially, Henry and Louie were separated in the Navy. But their father wrote a letter asking that they be able to serve together.
And Lawrence recalls that the twins wrote to their parents just before they died.
"Do not worry about us," she remembers it saying. "We are together."
BOSTON -- Shorthanded again, the Boston Celtics continued taking care of business Friday night.
After recording a triple-double during his first career NBA start earlier this week, guard Terry Rozier set a new career high with 31 points as the Celtics dispatched the Atlanta Hawks, 119-110.
Despite missing Kyrie Irving (quad), Marcus Smart (hand), Marcus Morris (backside) and Shane Larkin (knee), the Celtics pulled away with a dominant 41-point third quarter. Al Horford, who all but salivated at his matchup against Ersan Ilyasova, spent a lot of his time posting up near the bucket. Jaylen Brown drilled a couple of 3-pointers, including a tough one from the top of the key. Rozier posed after a wide open triple of his own, and Aron Baynes screamed at the moon after bodying Marco Belinelli for an and-one.
During the decisive period, the Celtics shot 65 percent, hit all five of their 3-pointers, dished nine assists without committing a single turnover, and held the Hawks to 27.3-percent shooting, including a dreadful 0 for 6 from behind the arc. By midway through the third, every Boston starter had reached double figures in scoring. And by the end of it, Rozier had already exceeded his previous career high (23) by five points.
Rozier does it again
Starting has looked good on Rozier. Like a damn million-dollar suit.
After picking apart the Knicks with his all-around game Wednesday, he shot 11 for 18 from the field against the Hawks, including a number of impressive buckets. He had one drive where he slowed down to create contact and gain separation before finishing on a nifty floater. He had an isolation on the right wing where he lined up Kent Bazemore, took a step back and drilled a 3-pointer in the defender's mug. He tried a similar shot minutes later against Mike Muscala in a switch, but probably should have driven past the big man. Still, Rozier took full advantage of his increased opportunities.
When the Hawks left him wide open for a 3-pointer during the third quarter, head coach Mike Budenholzer might have felt like charging the court and tackling his own players. If so, he wisely refrained.
Youth shines
Even more shorthanded than they were during Wednesday night's win against the New York Knicks (full injury report here), the Celtics unveiled some more quirky lineups. During the first half, Horford had a stretch as his team's only non-rookie alongside Semi Ojeleye, Kadeem Allen, Abdel Nader and Daniel Theis. Allen, a two-way contract player, appeared during real minutes for the first time, and Nader, not normally a part of the rotation, received 27 minutes.
Every player the Celtics used off the bench was a rookie. Two of their starters, Jaylen Brown and Jayson Tatum, had an average age of 20. And Rozier, in his third season, made just his second start. Inexperience was everywhere, but the Celtics attacked the rim from the start, racking up 28 points in the paint before halftime. They only attempted nine 3-pointers during the first half, making three of them, but why move outside when you can continuously find good shots in the paint.
Brief aside:
WHY MOVE OUTSIDE? BECAUSE TERRY ROZIER DOESN'T MISS FROM OUT THERE AS A STARTER. HE MADE SIX OF HIS EIGHT 3-POINTERS. A BETTER QUESTION MIGHT BE WHY TAKE LAYUPS WHEN YOU CAN ROZIER.
Despite all of their offensive success, the Celtics did have some trouble containing Taurean Prince (31 points) and Dennis Schroder (23 points), especially early. But Boston had such a balanced offensive attack that I haven't even mentioned Tatum, the prized rookie, also set a new career high with 27 points. He did a lot of midrange shooting and a lot of swooping to the basket for easy hoops. After an and-one late in the game, he and Brown flexed at one another in celebration.
Horford finished with 17 points, seven assists and six rebounds. Brown chipped in 19 points and four assists. Baynes went for 11 points, eight rebounds and five assists.
Career highs for everyone. Or something like that.
Multan
A man has been arrested by the police from the city's Basti Malook area for drowning her differently-abled daughter in a canal, on Monday. According to the police, Riaz, a father of four, said that after his wife passed away six months ago, it had become difficult for him to take care of her visually-impaired and physically challenged daughter. Police have quoted accused Riaz's statement in the FIR, filed by the child's paternal grandfather.—INP
The ex-Spurs midfielder, who used to be married to model Danielle Lloyd, hit out at the perpetrators on social media after a dozen revellers were injured. The cousin of footballer Jamie O'Hara was one of 12 acid attack victims in a packed nightclub. The former Portsmouth and Tottenham Hotspur.... themirror 8:49:00 PM CEST
This Saturday, Netflix's adaptation of the popular video game series, Castlevania, will be celebrating its big one-year anniversary, and it looks set to do so in a big way.
Over their official Twitter account, Powerhouse Animation teased fans by revealing a huge announcement would be “coming later this week!” No details were provided on what this announcement would entail, but with the second season of the hit show expected to arrive this summer, many are speculating they will reveal the premiere date for the Season 2.
Though this event will likely provide some new details on the sophomore season, we do know Richard Armitage (The Hobbit) and Graham McTavish (Preacher) will reprise their roles as Trevor Belmont and Dracula respectively. Also, Alejandra Reynoso will return to voice the role of the powerful Sypha Belnades.
Plus, fans should expect double the episode count when the show returns to the streaming service, as it will have a total of eight new episodes for viwers to enjoy.
July 7th marks the 1 YEAR Anniversary of #Castlevania on @Netflix! We'll be celebrating with a… BIG announcement coming later this week! pic.twitter.com/Rl2n7RFbHY — Powerhouse Animation (@powerhouseanim) July 2, 2018
VERMILION, Alta. -
A pill with the number 80 and the letters CDN as identity markers sells for $25 in Vermilion, but that is only the beginning.
Vermilion's Citizen's on Patrol welcomed Cpl. Brad McIntosh, of the RCMP ‘K' Division in Edmonton, Alta. and Registered Nurse Sarah Fleck from Red Deer, both whom shared their knowledge surrounding Fentanyl on Tuesday, Feb. 7, during an event titled Fentanyl – What Does It Do? What Can We Do? at Lakeland College's Alumni Hall Theatre.
McIntosh opened his presentation with a request to the audience to share their current knowledge on Fentanyl. Most said that it is killing Albertans every day.
McIntosh agreed and went further to explain the number of deaths have been increasing since 2012 (34) to 343 deaths in 2016. As of 11 a.m. on Feb. 7, there have been 21 deaths in the last two months.
"It is very very topical and opioid overdoses are killing Albertans, fentanyl and its analogs,” he said to the crowd. “You don't have to be an addict to have it kill you. You can try fentanyl or an analog and if you don't have a tolerance built up and you take too much, or if the pill you decide to grind up and snort or dilute with water and inject, will cause an overdose.”
He added that Fentanyl , or can be known as apple, beans, eighties, fake oxy, green-apple, green beans, greenies, shady eighties, and gems, is 80-100 times more powerful than morphine.
It is commonly used by anaesthetists, but in small amount, 4-10 micro grams, depending on a patient's weight during surgery. McIntosh put this amount into perspective; 150 micro grams can depreciate air flow to six breaths per minute, while 250 micro grams will stop one from breathing all together.
Unfortunately, fentanyl on the streets has an undetermined amount in their form because the forms keep changing and the RCMP has found as is come be found as a solid, powder or liquid. Fentanyl can also appear in a range of colours, such as white, pink, yellow, brown, and green.
The RCMP have also identified 30 fentanyl analogs, but there are potentially 1,400 in total, and more than 200 have been synthesized. Some of the different types of analogs, include caffeine, fentanyl derivative, heroin, coke, meth, and marijuana.
Fentanyl can also be administered orally, snorting, inhalation, and injection.
It has also been experimented on and evolved into at least six different opioids, such as Carfentanyl (100 times more powerful), Furanyl Fentanyl (20 times more powerful), 3 Methyl Fentanyl (10-15 times more powerful), SuFentanyl (10 times) Acetal Fentanyl (1/7 times), and Butryl Fentanyl (1/7 times).
Across Canada, 248 samples of fentanyl have been found in British Columbia, 236 in Alberta, 169 in Ontario, nine in Saskatchewan, eight in Quebec, three in Manitoba, three between NW and Nunavut, and one in Nova Scotia.
The cost? One kilo of fentanyl powder can sell of $12,500 USD or $280,000 CAD, and can create one million tablets of counterfeit Oxycodone. The pills can sell for $20 to $80 each, creating a profit of $19,987,500 to $79,987,500.
McIntosh further explained different cases and investigations the RCMP have conducted, yet he said the opioid changes to rapidly, “once you have an idea of what it looks like, it changes on us again.”
Now, Alberta Health Services is assisting in taking down the crisis by offering Naloxone kits free of charge.
Naloxone, sold under the brand name Narcan among others, is a medication used to block the effects of opioids, especially in overdose.
Currently, the kits consist of two vials of naloxone to aid in an overdose, according to Fleck. Fleck added that the government is looking to increase the amount of Naloxone available in the kits, as you can't administer too much Naloxone.
She shared a video to the crowd that shows a man who overdosed, was administered Naloxone and immediately awoke after it was administered.
She added that no one wants to become an addict, but life events such as abandonment, rejection, and not feeling good enough play a part in an addict's life.
She also advised that if someone were to try it, they shouldn't do it alone, not to mix with other drugs, or test it out in smaller doses to name a few.
Currently, Naloxone kits can be picked up at the Vermilion Community Health centre.
thermiston@postmedia.com
@StandardTay
@VStandard1909
“I feel like any teacher would who has reached a platform of excellence, and I thank God for that,” Al Zeyoudi told Gulf News after receiving the award. Describing the award as one of the biggest honours in the education sector, Al Zeyoudi said she feels that her contribution to teaching Arabic language is one of the main reasons that landed her the award. “The award is a big honour but also a responsibility and I must say I have a little anxiety thinking of all the contributions I am yet to present,” she said.
The winner also highlighted the common misconception that Arabic language is far from modernisation and innovation. “I want to deliver the message to everyone that Arabic language will be in the forefront of innovation,” she added. Al Zeyoudi, who carries a master's degree and 4.0 GPA, has created several interactive and innovative initiatives to reconnect youth with the Arabic language. They include the Arabic language academy, the teacher's smart card initiative, the ‘Start' initiative, and has worked on improving the structure of exam schedules among many more. Commenting on the win, Dino Varkey, Managing Director of GEMS education, told Gulf News the award, which is in its second year, is a signal from the leadership of the UAE on how important education is. “In that aspiration, the UAE leadership aims to ensure that everyone has access to quality education, and that the teacher is the most important driving factor,” he said. Varkey said the award aims to be a signal to everyone that teachers are still valued within the society and certainly within the UAE. “We are proud at where the award has got to over the last two years, and we hope that its sustainable and continues year after year,” he added. Varkey further explained that the award's criteria were based on the criteria from the Global Teacher Award worth $1 million, launched by GEMS charity partner, the Varkey Foundation. “The ministry of education has been hugely active in ensuring that the teachers were selected and filtered, as well as the final award winner, are all worthy recipients of the award and all the responsibilities that it brings,” he said. Participants in the award were self-nominated or nominated by others, and were requested to submit an essay along with evidence of their achievements to the jury. “Teachers were asked to talk about their attitude to learning, and their evidence of how they've been able to drive innovation and improve the outcome for students,” said Varkey. More from Government Mohammad launches 10x pro-innovation initiative
Mohammad launches new accelerator initiative
Mohammad honours Togo
Winners of SDG workshops announced
HAMDEN, Conn. (WTNH) — Hamden police have recovered almost two dozen bags of crack cocaine, heroin, and a loaded handgun when a motor vehicle stop turned into a foot chase New Year's Eve.
At 8:30 p.m. Saturday night, Hamden police officers witnessed a motor vehicle violation at the intersection of Bowen Street and Cherry Ann Street. Police pulled the vehicle over in the vicinity of Arch Street and Fitch Street.
According to Hamden police, the driver, later identified as Johnny Stroud, of New Haven, got out of his car and attempted to flee on foot. Two Hamden officers struggled to restrain Stroud, who they say was ‘vigorously resisting'.
Officers discovered that Stroud had a loaded 9mm handgun in the waistband of his pants. Police later discovered 23 bags of crack cocaine, 10 wax folds of heroin, and $750 in cash. Upon checking the serial number of the gun, officers learned that the gun in Stroud's possession was reported stolen in Massachusetts in 2012.
Stroud faces multiple charges, including possession of narcotics, interfering with a police officer, and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon. He is being held on a $250,000 bond, and is due in Meriden Superior Court on January 12th.
Sydney
Australia's biggest bank, the Commonwealth, was Tuesday taken to court by the corporate watchdog over allegations it rigged the benchmark interest rate, the latest of several of regulatory probes into the embattled institution.
The Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) is already facing a civil case brought by Australia's financial intelligence agency AUSTRAC for alleged “serious and systemic non-compliance” of anti-money laundering laws concerning thousands of transactions.
AUSTRAC last month accused the bank of further breaches, by failing to adequately monitor suspected terrorist financiers.
The new case, filed by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) in Federal Court Tuesday, alleges that CBA engaged in “unconscionable conduct and market manipulation” when setting the bank bill swap reference rate (BBSW).
ASIC claimed that on three separate occasions in 2012, CBA “traded with the intention of affecting the level at which BBSW was set so as to maximise its profits or minimise its losses to the detriment of those holding opposite positions to CBA's”.
There was no immediate comment from CBA. Its shares closed down 0.13 percent at Aus$79.09 in Sydney Tuesday.—APP
OTTAWA—Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was on the defensive Wednesday, touting his government's $4.5 billion takeover of the Trans Mountain pipeline project as a vital economic move, even as opposition MPs condemned it as a costly folly. Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer went after the government for making the big investment with no assurance that the promised pipeline expansion to help move Alberta bitumen oil to the west coast will actually go ahead.
Michael Maclean, left to right, Zshu-Zshu Mark and Karen Hale wear likenesses of orcas during a protest against the Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion, in Vancouver, on May 29, 2018. The federal Liberal government is spending $4.5 billion to buy Trans Mountain and all of Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets. ( DARRYL DYCK / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“He is writing a cheque for $4.5 billion for an existing pipeline. Not a single centimetre of new pipeline will be built with this bill to the taxpayer,” Scheer said in question period. But Trudeau said the move will mean higher prices for oil exports and secure jobs in the resource sector, while dodging questions about what it may ultimately cost Canadians. “We are proud to make sure that we are supporting the growth in the economy, the good jobs for Albertans and all Canadians while we protect the environment,” he said.
Article Continued Below
The Liberal government announced Tuesday that it would buy the assets associated with the Trans Mountain pipeline project from U.S.-based Kinder Morgan. Long adamant that the pipeline expansion would go ahead, the government had its hand forced after the American energy giant backed away in the face of ardent opposition in B.C. The Liberal government is hoping to entice another company to take over the project but if not, cabinet ministers have said they will move ahead with the pipeline expansion at a cost likely to top $7 billion, all at taxpayers' expense. Senior cabinet ministers travelled to western Canada Wednesday to highlight the government strategy, with Finance Minister Bill Morneau in Calgary and Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale speaking in Fort McMurray as Trudeau served as point man in Ottawa. The Conservatives accused Trudeau of a double standard for not showing the same concern when TransCanada Corp. halted work last October on the Energy East pipeline, a 4,600-kilometre pipeline to move Alberta oil to a terminal in New Brunswick. “Will the prime minister promise to enter into negotiations to provide the same level of certainty for Energy East?” Conservative MP Lisa Raitt said, challenging the prime minister to revive the mega-project to move oil eastward.
But Trudeau dismissed it as “old news” and said the Conservatives were “playing politics” on the issue. NDP MP Guy Caron demanded to know what risk assessments the federal government did before making the deal to take over the existing Trans Mountain pipeline.
Article Continued Below
“Champions of the environment do not buy pipelines and they do not choose to saddle Canadian taxpayers with the environmental and financial risks of a pipeline,” Caron said. But Trudeau said that Alberta's agreement on a carbon pricing strategy was contingent on the expansion getting built. While the expansion has the backing of some Indigenous groups along the route of the new pipeline — including some who have signed formal agreements to share the economic benefits — others remain opposed. That could spell trouble for a Liberal government that has made reconciliation with Indigenous peoples a priority. Asked about the ongoing opposition, Minister of Indigenous Services Jane Philpott said that Ottawa will ensure it is “fully respectful” of the rights of Indigenous Peoples. “There are ongoing conversations and it's something that we will make sure that we get right,” Philpott told reporters. The pipeline takeover carries political risks for the Liberals too in B.C.,where the party has 18 MPs. Vancouver Quadra MP Joyce Murray said Trans Mountain takeover is not a “popular decision” among her constituents. “I've frankly had a lot of opportunity about to speak with the decision makers on this project and to be heard on it. They understand how we feel and what the constituents have been telling me,” Vancouver Quadra MP Joyce Murray said Wednesday. “They took a decision that was reflecting a broader interest,” she said. Asked whether she was worried it might cost her votes in next year's federal election, Murray said it's up to the voters to weigh what their MP has been doing. “I trust that they will do that,” she said.
Read more about:
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has called on the Speaker of the House of Reps, Yakubu Dogara, to declare the seats of Hon Ahmed Tijani and Zaphaniah Jisalo vacant over their defection to the Progressives Congress (APC).
The former ruling party made this known in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Dayo Adeyeye.
The PDP said the excuses given by the two lawmakers for their defection were vague, cooked up and purely irrelevant to any section of the Nigerian Constitution.
The party said there was no disagreement within its leadership structure that could justify the decision of the two House of Representatives members jumping ship.
The PDP said: "We expect nothing aside a noble support by the Speaker of the House of Reps for the Rule of Law, and we say loud and clear that there is no division whatsoever in our Party, the PDP that would have served as justification for the defections announced by the Two Members in the Chamber.
"For clarity purpose, the Supreme Court, the Highest Court in this Nation, has decided in a landmark Judgement delivered on July 12, 2017, that there is no leadership crisis in the PDP and as such, the Party under the acceptable leadership of the National Caretaker Committee (NCC) is the only leadership recognised by law as the authentic leadership of the PDP.
"We wish to point out clearly that anyone who announces any defection from the PDP, citing any sort of internal crisis is being a liar.
"Based on the foregoing, we demand the immediate declaration of the Seats of Hon Ahmed Tijani from Kogi State and Zaphaniah Jisalo from the FCT, vacant.”
NATIONAL
South Korean President Moon Jae-in is set to visit China this week for a bilateral summit with his Chinese counterpart that is widely expected to focus on ways to peacefully end North Korea's nuclear ambitions and repair the Seoul-Beijing relations that soured over the deployment of the THAAD US missile defense system in South Korea.
The South Korean leader will head to Beijing on Wednesday for a four-day state visit that will also take him to China's southwestern city of Chongqing. He and Xi Jinping will hold their third bilateral summit Thursday. The two earlier met on the sidelines of the Group of 20 summits in Germany in July and the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum in Vietnam last month.
North Korea and its evolving nuclear and missile technologies will again top the agenda of the Moon-Xi meeting, which follows the communist state's latest missile provocation staged Nov. 29.
Moon Jae-in and Xi Jinping meet in Da Nang, Vietnam on Nov. 11 (Yonhap)
"The two leaders are scheduled to hold in-depth discussions on ways to peacefully resolve the North Korean nuclear issue and establish peace on the Korean Peninsula," Nam Gwan-pyo, a deputy director of the presidential National Security Office, said earlier.Pyongyang has staged 11 missile tests since Moon took office in May. The reclusive regime also conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test so far on Sept. 3.Moon was widely expected to ask China, the North's largest communist ally, to do more to rein in the North's nuclear ambitions.To Moon and his country, however, the upcoming meeting may represent a rare opportunity to mend ties with their Chinese counterparts.The Seoul-Beijing relations remained at their lowest ebb as China strongly protested South Korea's decision to host the US missile defense system in the wake of North Korean provocations.Chinese objections quickly turned into economic retaliations, though China still denies taking any such measures.In a joint statement issued Oct. 31, the countries agreed to put the THAAD issue in the past and normalize their bilateral ties.Many South Koreans believe China has yet to remove its de facto economic sanctions against South Korea."President Moon's state visit to China is expected to be an opportunity for the countries to normalize their bilateral ties in earnest by repairing the trust between the two countries and deepening the friendship between the two leaders," Nam has said.Top officials from dozens of leading South Korean companies will accompany the president on his visit to China in an apparent bid to mend their own ties with their Chinese counterparts.They include the chairpersons of SK, Hanwha, Doosan and LS groups, along with top executives of Samsung, Hyundai Motor and LG, according to Cheong Wa Dae officials.On Friday, Moon will embark on a two-day visit to Chongqing, which is at the center of China's One Road, One Belt development initiative and is home to many prominent business operations of South Korean companies, including Hyundai Motor.The South Korean president will also meet with a number of Chinese leaders while in Beijing, including Chinese Premier Li Keqiang and Zhang Dejiang, the chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, roughly the equivalent of a parliamentary speaker in other countries, according to Cheong Wa Dae.He will return home Saturday. (Yonhap)
QUINCY - A Quincy man is facing child rape charges after being accused of assaulting multiple children at an unlicensed daycare center operated out of his home, according to The Patriot Ledger.
Adalberto H. Freitas, 67, is charged with multiple counts of rape of a child by force and indecent assault and battery on a child under 14. He pleaded not guilty to the charges in Quincy District Court on Tuesday.
Authorities say Freitas, who is a Brazilian immigrant, ran an illegal daycare center with his wife out of their apartment at 105 Copeland St., Apt. 105.
He was arrested after two girls--one 12-years-old and the other 10-years-old-- told their parents that he had been molesting them for four years.
Court records apparently show that as many as four children could have been abused, the paper reports.
The Department of Early Education and Care (EEC) is now investigating the alleged incidents.
Kathleen Hart, spokeswoman for the EEC, told The Ledger that the agency "received a report of a possible unlicensed child care program operating at 10 Copeland Street in Quincy and is investigating this matter along with the Department of Children and Families."
Freitas is being held after a judge set his bail at $50,000.
He is scheduled to reappear in court on Feb. 28.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rovers ace Billy Bodin has been named in the EFL Team of the Week after an outstanding performance in his club's 3-0 win at home to Southend.
Bodin scored Rovers' opening goal in the League One tie on Saturday after the Southend defence failed to properly clear the ball from a Daniel Leadbittter cross. The ball came to Bodin and his first touch took him away from the defender before his second saw him score his 10th goal of the season.
This is the earliest stage of the season Bodin has reached double figures in a Rovers shirt and he is rapidly closing in on the 13 goals he managed in the last two full seasons.
That is some feat considering the Welsh striker has missed more than a month of action after pulling his hamstring in the act of scoring against Northampton Town on October 7. He made his return against AFC Wimbledon as a substitute have been absent for six weeks on November 18.
Rovers are up to 15th in the table with a trip to struggling Gillingham on Saturday a great chance for Bodin and his side to extend their improved run of form.
Staff Reporter
The Edhi Foundation Lahore had provided free treatment and medicines to 110946 patients in its free dispensary situated Allama Iqbal Town here, during year 2016.
The foundation had admitted 6494 missing persons including women and children in Edhi Home Gulberg and Bilquess Edhi Home Township from which 1753 persons were sent to their homes after searching their home addresses, EF spokesman said on Sunday.
The foundation had shifted 994 dead bodies and 2527 injured persons to their homes from hospitals in different accidents in the metropolis, he added.
The volunteers of Edhi Foundation had provided their services in shifting 67785 patients and 18650 dead bodies to hospitals from houses and houses from hospitals, in 2016.
The foundation had provided free meals to 131118 persons from Edhi Free Lunger and buried 296 unclaimed bodies, the spokesman added.
More from the Rolex Fastnet Race by Nic Douglass
Piers Hugh Smith – Rolex Fastnet Race © Nic Douglass / Piers Hugh Smith – Rolex Fastnet Race © Nic Douglass / www.AdventuresofaSailorGirl.com
by Nic Douglass today at 3:13 pmWow. What a great representation of sailing! An absolute pleasure to talk with Didier Goudoux, the overall winner on IRC of the Royal Ocean Racing Club's ROLEX Fastnet Race on his boat Lann Ael 2 with his son and daughter on board with him. So many congratulations and hope to see you again soon!It was lovely to chat with Lucy Jones after the #RolexFastnetRace about not only this year's fifth overall with Pata Negra, but also her adventures with the all-female crew two Fastnets ago when they took out the overall female skipper trophy. There weren't so many females this year though - who is in for 2019!!!?? I will be there to cover the action, I want to interview more women!Thanks to Pantaenius Yacht Insurance for helping me to share the adventures of the Fastnet, right through the fleet!Great to catch up with Piers Hugh Smith as always in Plymouth. A bit of a funny story, he had to wait an extra 12 hours to drive the Team Maverick van home as he and had such a good party at the end of the Fastnet! But additionally, he has managed to complete the 'big six' in the one year at the ripe age of 22! Well done Piers, and see you in Sydney soon!
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/156418
Last week, we noted the re-emergence of a sleeper technology, Information-Centric Networking (ICN). we've now learned that Cisco's been hard at work on it: Switchzilla has unveiled a trial implementation with Verizon.
ICN associates content with names rather than the IP address of the server hosting the content. As Dirk Trossen explained to El Reg discussing the latest ICN standards proposal, people working on ICN believe that model better suits a world in which something like a video is served up not from a huge server behind one IP address, but the nearest node of a content distribution network.
Cisco was an early advocate of ICN, which has a ten-year history, and has apparently been quietly building the technology to the point where a giant like Verizon would run it up in the lab.
As Cisco explained in its announcement, its ICN technology is designed to “simplify next-generation network architecture; enhance user-to-content communication; and improve mobility, storage and security in the network.”
Remember information-centric networking? It's on the way back READ MORE
Cisco called its implementation a “hybrid ICN” implementation, based on software it acquired from long-time collaborator Xerox PARC in February. At the time of the acquisition, the company also contributed ICN software to the Linux Foundation-backed FD.IO project, and launched its first product, hICN.
Communicating names in ICN is the key technical challenge, and Cisco described its approach as deploying ICN “within IP”: “It preserves all features of ICN communication by encoding ICN names into IP addresses”.
This approach, Cisco said in this February blog post, offers “transparent interconnection with standard IP networking equipment”, meaning users can adopt ICN without having to replace or retire network-layer devices like routers.
Switchzilla also said the technology is particularly important for mobile delivery. Addressing content by name would, for example, make it simpler to resume an interrupted session (such as someone's train going through a tunnel while they're watching a Netflix video).
Verizon's test happened at the network operator's Waltham, Massachusetts-based Innovation Center.
Its aim was to test Cisco's ICN software, and validate its performance relative to “standard TCP/IP solutions”.
The carrier's veep for technology architecture and strategy Srini Kalapala was quoted as saying the test showed ICN could be deployed “with minimal existing IP infrastructure upgrades required”. ®
Sponsored: Learn how to transform your data into a strategic asset for your business by using the cloud to accelerate innovation with NetApp
A look at what's happening around baseball today:
TEST OF THE CHAMPION
After wrapping up a series at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday night, Jose Altuve and the World Series champion Astros return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. Including a four-game series at Cleveland last weekend, that makes three straight foes for Houston that participated in last year's post-season. Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game set against Red Sox lefty Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
BACK ON THE MOUND
Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw is scheduled to return to the rotation at home against the Philadelphia Phillies. The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner has been on the disabled list for nearly a month with left biceps tendinitis. He is 1-4 with a 2.86 ERA this season. Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27 ERA) pitches for the Phillies.
BEASTS OF THE NL EAST
The Nationals and Braves, in a tight race with the Phillies for the top spot in the NL East, begin a four-game series in Atlanta. Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) starts for Washington against Atlanta's Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA).
'ROCK BOTTOM' IN QUEENS
Entering Wednesday night, the New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out. Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. The Mets are 16-25 since starting the season 11-1. Though the Mets did earn a split of their series in Atlanta with a 4-1 win on Wednesday. "We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said before the game. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
STILL NOT MILLER TIME
Related Coverage New guidelines allow US military to destroy and track drones
(ABC News) — An Iranian drone came within 1,000 feet of U.S. aircraft during fixed-wing flight operations on the USS Nimitz in the Persian Gulf Sunday, officials said.
The U.S. Navy characterized the approach of the Iranian drone as “unsafe and unprofessional,” adding that the drone failed to use navigation lights at night, which “created a dangerous situation with the potential for collision.”
The drone “made several passes in close proximity to Nimitz and its escort ships during active flight operations, coming within 1,000 feet of U.S. aircraft” and was unresponsive to repeated radio calls to establish communications, the Navy said in a statement today. – This is the 14th unsafe and/or unprofessional interaction between U.S. and Iranian maritime forces in 2017.
Related Content: New guidelines allow US military to destroy and track drones
An Iranian drone came within 100 feet of a U.S. Navy F/A-18 fighter jet last week that was waiting to land on the Nimitz aircraft carrier in the Persian Gulf.
That jet was in a holding pattern about 1,000 feet above the Nimitz when the unarmed drone performed an “unsafe and unprofessional altitude change” in its vicinity, a U.S. official said. The Iranian drone came 100 feet underneath and 200 feet horizontally from the U.S. jet, the official said.
Similar to Sunday's incident, the drone did not respond to warnings in the form of radio calls, prompting the jet to maneuver to avoid a collision, a second official told ABC News last week.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Nissan will have some Z-related news to make at next week's 2018 Chicago auto show, but don't get your hopes up about a new model debuting.
Nissan has announced it is bringing the "370Zki" to the Chicago show, and if we had to hazard a guess we'd go with a 370Z modified to handle a ski slope. Well, that's what Nissan's teaser video for the 370Zki suggests. And Nissan does have some experience with ski slope stunts.
As for the fate of the Z, Nissan stresses that the nameplate isn't going anywhere but the automaker is also quiet on future plans. We've heard that the current car, on sale since 2009, will soldier on with minor updates for the time being.
Interestingly, next year marks 50 years since the launch of the original 240Z, or Fairlady as it's known in Japan. It will be a shame for the anniversary to go by without even an announcement of a future Z.
The Chicago auto show opens its doors on February 8. For more coverage on the show, head to our dedicated hub.
Steve Lash covers federal and Maryland appellate courts and the General Assembly's judiciary committees for The Daily Record. He joined the newspaper in 2008 after spending nearly 20 years covering the U.S. Supreme Court and legal affairs for several publications, including the Houston Chronicle, Cox Newspapers, Chicago Daily Law Bulletin and West's Legal News. Lash, a graduate of American University's Washington College of Law, is a member of the U.S. Supreme Court and Maryland bars.
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Hull FC coach Lee Radford was pleased his side ended a run of three games without a win with a comfortable success against Leigh at the Sports Village.
Inspired by half-backs Albery Kelly and Marc Sneyd, Hull scored three tries in quick succession during a devastating 11-minute first-half spell to take a grip on the game.
My confidence as a coach has not been dented one bit in the last few weeks but as a team we looked like we were enjoying defending again. Hull FC coach, Lee Radford
Centre Carlos Tuimavave scored twice as Hull FC produced the perfect response after conceding more than 50 points in their last two games against Salford Red Devils and Leeds Rhinos.
After the 24-10 Super League success, Radford said: “I thought we did a really good job today.
“We defended well when Leigh had sustained spells of pressure and the win gives us something to build on.
“Our away support was phenomenal throughout the game and gave us lifts when we needed it. That has a huge knock-on effect on the performance.
“The tempo and decision making was better than it has been over the last three or four weeks.”
Radford continued: “I was really pleased with how we performed.
“My confidence as a coach has not been dented one bit in the last few weeks but as a team we looked like we were enjoying defending again.”
Leigh Centurions: McNally, Hampshire, Crooks, Dawson, Thompson, Reynolds, Drinkwater, Green, Hood, Hopkins, Vea, Stewart, Hansen. Substitutes: Higham, Weston, Tickle, Burr.
Hull FC: Shaul, Fonua, Connor, Tuimavave, Michaels, Kelly, Sneyd, Taylor, Washbrook, Watts, Manu, Minichiello, Thompson. Substitutes: Ellis, Fash, Litten, Turgut.
Referee: Gareth Hewer (RFL).
ALERT Passengers at Heathrow Airport are facing a second day of snow chaos as wintry weather leaves flights cancelled and delayed https://t.co/dHi43zQiRo— AIRLIVE (@airlivenet) December 11, 2017
No. 16 Coastal's battle with No. 6 UNC canceled
CONWAY – Due to inclement weather, the baseball game featuring #16 Coastal Carolina and #6 North Carolina, set to be played today (April 24) in Chapel Hill, N.C., has been cancelled.
At this time, no makeup date has been scheduled. However, the teams are still set to play their regularly-scheduled game in Conway on May 9 (6 pm start).
The Chanticleers will return to action this weekend and host UL Monroe in a Sun Belt Conference series on Friday (6 pm), Saturday (2 pm) and Sunday (11 am).
Drinking at least six cups of coffee every day could decrease your risks of early death, a new study has revealed. Researchers say that those who drink six or seven cups of coffee per day are 16 percent less likely to die from any disease over a 10-year period than those who never have a cup of Joe. Coffee has long been linked with combating heart disease, cancer, dementia, diabetes and depression.
The researchers, who hail from various institutions including the National Cancer Institute and the National Institutes of Health, say they hope their findings provide further reassurance that coffee can be part of a healthy diet.
For the study, the team tracked almost 500,000 Britons between ages 38 and 73 from 2006 to 2016.
The researchers asked them how many cups of coffee they drank per day, including the type: decaffeinated, ground or instant.
The researchers, who published their results in JAMA on Monday, found that those whose coffee intake was high fared the best.
Those who drank eight cups or more per day saw their death rates cut by 14 percent, and it was raised to 16 percent among those who drank six to seven cups.
The protective effect was also seen among moderate and light coffee drinkers – but to a lesser degree.
Two to five cups, one cup per day, or less than one cup per day reduced early death rates by 12, eight and six percent, respectively.
According to lead author Dr Erikka Loftfield, a cancer epidemiologist at the National Institutes of Health in Maryland, the results held true whether the type of coffee drank was ground, instant or decaffeinated.
The FDA has suggested that Americans consume no more than 400mg of caffeine, or four cups of coffee, per day.
However, in 2015, the US Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee report concluded that moderate coffee consumption of five cups per day can be a part of a healthy diet. Ingesting too much caffeine can result in anxiety, dizziness, upset stomach, a fast heartbeat and even muscle tremors.
But previous studies conducted in the US, Europe and Asia have found a consistent link between coffee drinking and reduced deaths from all causes including diabetes, cardiovascular disease, Parkinson's disease and liver, bowel and womb cancer.
Additionally, caffeine has been shown to be abundant in antioxidants which reduce inflammation and boost both lung function and sensitivity to the glucose-controlling hormone insulin. ‘Coffee drinking was inversely associated with mortality, including among those drinking eight or more cups per day,' said Dr Loftfield.
Share on: WhatsApp
If you ask any Texan what makes Texas so great, they will most likely boast about many things: country music, football, sunsets and — most importantly — queso.
A few Austin-based queso makers were put to the test today at South by Southwest as part of the annual “Quesoff,” hosted by Washington State Wine. Festival-goers were able to swing by the SouthBites Trailer Park this afternoon from 2-4 p.m. to taste some of Austin's gooiest, cheesiest quesos.
First up was JuiceLand's cashew-based vegan queso. The texture for this queso was surprisingly reminiscent of any other dairy-based queso — it didn't miss any of the flavor notes you'd find at your local favorite taco shop. The queso was equally gooey and thick and was garnished with some cilantro, making this a perfect paring with a crispy, crunchy tortilla chip.
Next in line was Cheesus. This queso was the thickest of the lot and had a taste very similar to the Tostito's Salsa Con Queso dip. This queso was the spiciest of all the brands, but don't let that scare you — even those sensitive to spice could easily handle the blend of Latin flavors.
If you're a fan of a texture-packed, chip-breaking queso, the Franklin Barbecue queso is the one for you. This queso was topped with a hint of spicy pink sauce, chives and a delicious blend of smokey bacon and pulled pork. One order of this meat-heavy queso will definitely fill you up.
To wrap things up, Valentina's Tex Mex BBQ brought it back to the basics with its original queso. This queso was quite plain but still satisfying. Valentina's also offered a hickory smoked version, which packed more of a punch.
So, which queso was the best? I'd have to give the honor to JuiceLand. There aren't many things Texans can do better than queso, and out of all my queso-eating experiences, JuiceLand blew other quesos out of the water. The best part about it is that you're able to share it with your lactose intolerant or vegan friends.
Featured Image: Festival-goers were able to try some of Austin's best local queso makers at a South by Southwest “Quesoff” event. Queso options ranged from meat-topped cheesey blends to cashew-based vegan options. Photo by Nina Quatrino
5 memorable Indian Test wins against Australia
India and Australia have played out fiercely fought contests in the past.
@sakshi9292 by Sakshi Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 17:53 IST
Kapil Dev rejoices after picking up the wicket of Allan Border
Raising the excitement in both the countries, India's much-awaited home Test series against Australia are now a week away. Steven Smith and co. will not face an ordinary challenge; they will be up against an unstoppable Indian side, boasting six consecutive series wins. A win against this Indian side looks highly difficult, but if Australia triumph in Border-Gavaskar Trophy 2017, it will be marked as one of their greatest victories in recent times.
The Virat Kohli-led Indian team has been at its peak, and are undefeated in the last 19 Tests. The last time Australia toured India under the leadership of Michael Clarke, the visitors were whitewashed 4-0; it has been 48 years since Australia won a Test series on Indian soil.
Before Kohli and Smith lock horns in the four-Test series, starting February 23 in Pune, let's look back at India's five memorable Test wins against these opponents.
#1 Melbourne 1981
India toured Australia for a three-Test series and as expected, the visitors lost the opening Test before they pulled off a narrow draw in the second game. While the Australian squad had the likes of Greg Chappell, Rodney Marsh, Kim Hughes, Doug Walters and Dennis Lillee in their camp, India's strength lay in Sunil Gavaskar, Gundappa Vishwanath and Kapil Dev.
India batted first and managed just 237 runs on the board, courtesy of Vishwanath's 114. In reply, Australia took a lead of 182 runs when they finished with a total of 419 runs. When India came out to bat for the second time in the game, a few controversies came along – the most famous one being Gavaskar's threat of walking off along Chetan Chauhan and forfeit the match.
After the situation was handled by the Indian managers, the match resumed and India set a mere target of 143 for the hosts. However, what followed next was one of the biggest shocks in cricket. The Australian side that had dominated that era was bowled out for an embarrassing 83 and thereby giving India a historic 59-run victory.
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
Overseas Pakistanis Foundation (OPF), is striving hard to provide maximum facilities to expatriates from a all over Pakistan and AJK. This was observed by the Managing Director OPF, Habib ur Rehman Gilani while talking to Minister for Development (Azad Jamu and Kashmir), Chaudhry Muhammad Saeed who visited OPF Head office on Wednesday. He said OPF was providing meritorious services in all areas including education, health, housing and other fields, said a press release here. AJK Minister for Development was given a detailed briefing on the services being offered by OPF and also the areas of mutual collaboration between OPF and AJK government. The Managing Director briefed the Minister about various welfare activities of OPF and said that the Foundation provided financial assistance to the bereaved families of Pakistani expatriates who died abroad or became permanently disabled. He further said that OPF had established housing schemes and educational institutions across the country to cater educational and housing needs of the expatriates. He informed that OPF provided fifty percent subsidy in tuition fee to children of expatriates and had recently launched E-Learning program in its main educational institutions. The MD aslo informed about activities of OPF in AJK and discussed matters pertaining to OPF Housing Scheme Chitarpari, Mirpur with the minister.
Justin Fine has joined Pessin Katz Law as an associate in the firm's general litigation group.
He graduated magna cum laude from the University of Baltimore School of Law in 2011. In law school, he was awarded the Dean's Citation for exceptional service to the law school community.
Fine clerked for the Hon. Glenn T. Harrell, senior judge on the Court of Appeals of Maryland and has been a civil litigator since 2012.
Prior to joining PK Law, he practiced at a local firm where he primarily represented national financial institutions in civil and commercial litigation.
Fine is a member of the Potomac Appalachian Trail Club and provides pro bono legal services through the MD Volunteer Lawyers Service. He also sits on the Law Day Committee and the Public Speakers & Awareness Committee with the BCBA, as well as the Consumer Credit and Financial Institutions Committee with the MD State Bar Association.
“Cannabis – A Long ‘Signal of Misunderstanding'” by OOOBuck – TFMetals Report
Whether you approve of it or not, cannabis reform is coming to your state where it will soon be available for ‘recreational' use. Despite some alarmist views (including a few within Turdistan), its legalization will not herald the downfall of our society (the central banks are in charge of that) but will be embraced by both business and government as an opportunity for economic growth and increased tax revenue. I believe those expectations are realistic.
Not unlike the casino craze that began a few decades ago, every government in the country will soon be clamoring for its piece of the marijuana revenue pie. And like the initial craze for building new and bigger casinos, interest will gradually subside. Of course, marijuana will never be just a fad but as its use becomes more commonplace, it will no longer occupy the role of forbidden fruit but rather, the second shelf of your medicine chest.
So what's your problem?
There are a few very real concerns; driving under the influence being foremost. Every idiot with smoke pouring out of his ears can hop into his car and drive to the nearest Piggly Wiggly to buy a shopping cart full of Cheez Balls and frozen pizzas. One day, they may even add some fresh bud to their shopping cart. Obviously, highway safety will require much better testing methods than currently exist.
Also, lethargy is something we all experience from time to time but the relaxation experienced while under the influence of THC (marijuana's active ingredient) may negatively impact workplace performance, productivity and safety. Again, testing methods need to be improved and appropriate safeguards set in place. This will mean more rules and regulations, all impediments to our personal freedoms in the name of public safety.
So is it worth it?
Only when you come to realize that marijuana and its active components have been a part of human society and medicine for more 5,000 years (almost as long as gold). This herb has been extensively studied and repeatedly shown to provide countless benefits. I won't begin to list its benefits here as there are voluminous studies on the subject. Just google it – reliable sources, extensive research…. it's all there. And of course, it is not just in medical applications affecting our bodies that it is shown to be of benefit but in the many ways that it can influence our lives on a social and spiritual level (appreciation of music, sexual gratification, appetite enhancement, anxiety relief, etc, etc).
If it's so great, why is/was it illegal?
Original legislation in America had less to do with the negative effects of marijuana than it did with racism and immigration. America originally singled out cannabis as a problem only when, in the early 1900s, some southern US states were experiencing a new wave of undesirable Mexican immigration. (Sound familiar?)
Politicians and media of the day pointed to the dangers posed by these new immigrants and chose one of the defining characteristics that made them especially bad. You guessed it… marijuana consumption. Of course, no one took the time to examine the medicines in every day use, a great many of which contained a cannabis ingredient. That wasn't the point. The dark-skinned Latinos just weren't the stuff that we wanted to build ‘our' America with. Prohibiting its use quickly resulted in the search, seizure and deportation of untold thousands.
The Marijuana Tax Act of 1937 effectively banned its use and sale. The legislation was prompted by horribly skewed and biased hearings which, among other things, claimed marijuana use caused men of color to become violent and solicit sex from white women. Of course, the MTA was passed promptly but was found to be unconstitutional in years to come.
Never one to be undone by constitutional concerns, Richard Nixon filled the gap by creating the Controlled Substances Act in 1970 and insisted that marijuana be temporarily categorized as both dangerous and addictive, ranking it with heroin and other highly addictive drugs. This was to be followed by a permanent status for the drug as soon as Nixon's suspicions could be confirmed by a government appointed investigative body. Raymond Shafer, former governor of Pennsylvannia, was to head what became “The Shafer Commission”.
The Shafer Commission was comprised of numerous doctors, psychiatrists, politicians and lawyers. After almost 2 years of investigative research and debate, the commission presented its report to Congress entitled “Marihuana, A Signal of Misunderstanding”. It found that marijuana users, rather than being dangerous, actually became more timid, drowsy and passive while under the drug's influence. It concluded that cannabis did not cause a widespread danger to society, recommending social measures other than criminalization to discourage its use. Not only did the commission reject classifying marijuana as a dangerous Schedule 1 drug, it even questioned its designation as an illicit substance.
This was hardly the news Nixon had been waiting for and with just months remaining in his presidency, he outright rejected the commission's findings and permanently installed marijuana on the list of Schedule 1 drugs.
The Nixon Legacy
Here's an interesting headline from a 2016 article in the Washington Post:
“Police arrest more people for marijuana use than for all violent crimes — combined”
The ACLU and Human Rights Watch report shows that arrests for drug possession continue to make up a significant chunk of modern-day police work.
“Around the country, police make more arrests for drug possession than for any other crime,” the report finds, citing FBI data. “More than one of every nine arrests by state law enforcement is for drug possession, amounting to more than 1.25 million arrests each year.” Many of those convictions end in some jail time for simple possession but ‘habitual offenders' (2 prior convictions) can end up with sentences of 10 to 20 years…. or more! There are currently 54 inmates serving life sentences for marijuana in the federal system (counting only those added to the roles since 1996 – probably a few dozen more from previous years). However, pot lifers in state prisons are not included in this count. A few states — particularly Oklahoma and Louisiana — sentence significant numbers of non-violent marijuana offenders to life without parole. The chart below clearly demonstrates that our fascination with locking people up seems to have taken off after Nixon introduced the Controlled Substances Act.
So what's it all cost?
It is very difficult to find current figures for the actual annual cost of keeping a human being behind bars in America today. The cost depends on whether the inmate is housed in a federal, state or city lock-up and whether he's in a privately owned ‘for profit' prison or in one operated by the state. It also varies from state to state and city to city. California for example, costs a little over $70,000 per prisoner annually but New York City jail costs are considerably higher, punching out at an impressive $167,731 to feed, house and guard each inmate, according to a study from the Independent Budget Office. There were over 12,000 inmates spending time in NYC jails in 2013!
For the sake of argument, let's call the average cost of maintaining a prisoner in America in 2018 at something in the vicinity of $60,000 annually. Now multiply that by the total number of men and women that will be peering through iron bars tonight and you'll need to toke up just to handle the numbers. Back in 2009, the number was 2.23 million souls. (That number declined slightly after 2009 but seems to be catching an updraft at the moment.) My calculator reveals costs in 2009 of $133,800,000,000. Probably up a bit since then.
BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE ! There's the initial brick and mortar costs in building prisons and jails; judicial costs to convict the accused in the first place and of course, policing costs to arrest them and provide evidence to prosecutors. And please, don't forget the families of those languishing away in our prisons; families were an extra wage earner could make the difference between being on welfare or buying a new car or educating children.
So let's put it all together with some ball-park estimates…. Costs for arrest and conviction $150,000; additional facilities to house the prisoner – $50,000 to $150,000 (depending on jurisdiction); $60,000 annually for security and maintenance of inmates. (http://druglibrary.net/schaffer/Library/basicfax.htm)
Taking into account all the costs to society, it's not long before the number ‘trillion' appears in the calculation.
http://www.stonerdays.com/stoners-marijuana-news/
OK, not everyone in jail is there on a marijuana conviction
But a lot are. According to a NORML report from 2008, half of all drug convictions that year were marijuana related and a staggering 44% were for simple possession. Thanks to the Nixon administration placing marijuana in the Schedule 1 category of drugs, something significant started to take shape in the early 70s and just continued to grow year after year for the next 40 years.
So, let's do some simple arithmetic. As mentioned earlier, 2.23 million inmates in prisons and jails in 2009 across America, at least half of them on drug convictions. Of those drug convictions, half were for marijuana related offences. By my count, that works out to about ¼ of all inmates behind bars being there because of marijuana and most of those for simple possession! The calculation is undoubtedly flawed but whatever the real number, it's enormous and it's all because a president who was about to be impeached, refused to accept the advice of his own Whitehouse commissioned panel.
So what does that mean in dollars and cents to your tax bill? Well, based on the above numbers and rounded for simplicity, take 1+ Trillions in dollars in total costs, quarter it and you end up with a cool $250 billion…annually. Your tax money at work, folks!
OK. So what happens after we legalize it?
Well, for one thing, we'll have a lot of people clogging the judicial system as they try to get their asses out of jail. The burden of the cost for doing that will be substantial but it will be partially offset by fewer arrests and convictions entering the system. Just how much isn't clear but based on recent numbers, we may already be seeing the effect of legalization in Colorado, Washington and growing number of other states. Check out this chart from 2015.
The times, they are a'changin'
Attorney General Jeff Sessions – whether he realizes it or not – will find he is on the wrong side of history and lacks the ability to prohibit states from legalizing marijuana.
While Sessions proposes another front in the war on weed, the DPA report indicates those states that have legalized recreational marijuana are more effective at protecting the public safety and the health of their citizens.
This chart from marijuana.com details 5 states that are liberating both people and money.
“As states legalize recreational marijuana, they are filling their coffers with millions of dollars that would otherwise be headed to the black market. Allocated for the good of society, this new tax revenue is providing critical funding for expanding educational opportunities and creating drug diversion programs.
From 2015 to 2017, Colorado's recreational marijuana tax revenue has generated $230 million for the Colorado Department of Education.
Since legalization began in Oregon, the state has distributed $34 million to its school fund.
Nevada's state school fund is projected to harvest approximately $56 million over the next two years based on their 15 percent wholesale marijuana tax.
Washington state allocates 25 percent of their collected marijuana tax revenue to substance abuse treatment and 55 percent to fund basic health plans.
Alaska is projected to collect approximately $12 million annually from the recreational marijuana program, funds which will help finance community centers and drug treatment programs.
California and Massachusetts will invest a share of their marijuana tax revenue in the communities most adversely impacted by drug arrests and incarcerations historically, particularly low-income communities of color, to help repair the harms of discriminatory law enforcement.”
https://www.marijuana.com/news/2018/01/marijuana-legalization-is-a-win-win-for-all-states/
And that's just the beginning!
Projections for annualized tax revenues when all 50 states come on board are impressive but pale when compared to the staggering costs America has endured since the implementation of the Controlled Substances Act and the inclusion of marijuana as a Schedule 1 drug.
The Nixon and Reagan administrations turned a blind eye and chose to ignore extensive scientific and social evidence that marijuana should never have been included in the Schedule 1 list of drugs. Furthermore, those administrations in particular, adamantly refused to consider the extensive research and evidence that overwhelmingly recognized the herb for its medicinal and spiritual properties, not only now but throughout its long history.
That monumental blunder and gross lack of judgement cost the American taxpayer untold trillions of dollars and destroyed the lives of millions of Americans.
Sharing is caring!
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 6:47 pm |
The Canadian ice-breaker Amundsen. (Clement Sabourin/AFP/Getty Images)
VICTORIA STRAIT, Northwest Passage (The Washington Post) - When the CCGS Amundsen breaks through a 10-foot (or thicker) piece of ice, it rides on top of it first, the whole front of the ship sliding onto the sheet as the boat comes to a stop. Then the ship, 100 yards long and weighing 6,000 tons, crushes down, and its sharp hull splits the ice and pushes the fragments to either side.
Here in the ice-clogged Victoria Strait, there's much crushing to do. These are the icy waters that famously claimed the ships of Sir John Franklin in the late 1840s, even though he set out with Britain's strongest steam-powered vessels of the time — and, climate change or not, they don't feel so different today.
The Washington Post's Alice Li and I are here to document a voyage of the CCGS Amundsen — a ship so famous in Canada that it is pictured on the $50 bill — as it navigates the waterways of the famous Northwest Passage. The boat is occupied by Canadian coast guard sailors and dozens of scientists from the ArcticNet consortium based at Université Laval in Quebec City.
The vessel's crew and passengers are here researching how the waters of the Arctic are changing because of climate change and increased vessel traffic.
It's a research mission that often involves impressive and expensive instruments, such as the gigantic 35-foot-long piston corer that plunges into the seafloor at high speed and extracts long cylinders of ancient mud, looking for clues on this environment's state a thousand years ago, when it was covered with a sheet of ice.
They also use a tool known as the CTD Rosette, a device consisting of dozens of canisters that gathers up water samples to determine basic physical properties of the ocean, checking temperatures and salt levels as researchers investigate whether the seas are warming or currents are shifting.
But the Amundsen is also a coast guard ship and at any moment can be diverted from scientific pursuits to search and rescue, or to help out a vessel in need. Several days ago, we took a detour to provide some extra fuel and food to the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Maple, which is making a Northwest Passage transit of its own — from Sitka, Alaska, to Baltimore — and needed a little extra supplies along the way. That resulted in a touching moment in which Canadian and U.S. personnel lined up on opposite decks to swap T-shirts, baseball caps and even a book.
And it's not just coast-guard callings that can rapidly change the day's plans — it's the elements. Ice conditions are monitored in high detail, often via the ship's helicopter, sent to gather knowledge far beyond what's available from the official ice charts. As results come back, science schedules are constantly being torn up and rewritten.
“We try to accommodate all the science that we can, but then fog and ice and all these other variables that we have no control over, they chew on our contingency time,” says Martine Lizotte, the chief scientist on board and a research associate at the Université Laval in Quebec City. “And if we add something to the schedule, like breaking ice, then we have to subtract something else down the line.”
But the coast guard also benefits from having the scientists on board because it pushes it to explore areas that aren't otherwise immediate coast guard priorities, said the ship's commanding officer, Claude Lafrance.
“We usually go where the communities are or where the commercial ship goes,” Lafrance said. “If we did not have the ArcticNet and the scientists, the Arctic waters would stay with a lot of places uncharted or not known.”
In between stops, the scientists grab sleep when they can — they often hit their research sites in the wee hours of the morning and quickly throw their equipment over the side. There's plenty of light to work by during those early hours, with the long hours of light from the summer Arctic sun. But the schedule does mean people on board are often tired, or at least keeping unusual sleep schedules.
The boat is filled more with students and graduate students than senior scientists — getting much-needed experience in taking cores from the seafloor or water samples. While on the deck working with the heavy equipment, they wear hard hats, steel-toed boots and “immersion” suits. The suits are there to keep you alive if you fall into the freezing waters, long enough for someone to rescue you.
When the students aren't working on the deck or in specialized labs hosted in containers on the ship, they organized a scavenger hunt, ranging around the ship and looking at scientific posters and other displays to gather a list of information.
Life on board is modern and comfortable — the ship offers warm showers, expertly cooked food by a trio of Québécoise chefs, and even hot chocolate when you come in from the cold and ice. There's a small gym and informally organized yoga classes.
There's even formal Sunday dinner, where you're supposed to get out of muddy science clothes and dress nicely. In the officer's dining hall, food and wine is served by a wait staff. It's all too easy to forget you're in remote, rarely visited and dangerous waters.
Time on board is punctuated by loudspeaker announcements from the bridge, always in French first followed by English. (The Amundsen's home port is Quebec City.) One of the most common is a warning not to smoke outside, because the helicopter is refueling — followed by a subsequent announcement when the refueling is done and smoking can resume.
Rarer, and far more anticipated, announcements alert all on board to the sighting of a polar bear or walrus perched on the ice. So far we have seen several — including a bear whose enormous head protruded from the water between ice floes as it swam in place and seemed to be bathing.
Sleeping on board is in bunks, two to a cabin — and often done despite the steady chirping sound of the echo sounder, which is busy measuring the ocean floor and sediments beneath the ship through the use of sound waves. You get used to it, or you find earplugs.
The ship's dramatic shaking at night as it crushes through thick ice is ultimately a bit more unnerving. But the consolation is remembering that you're on a vessel designed for just this — and one that goes out to rescue other ships that get in trouble in these waters.
A successful scientific cruise, Lizotte said, can be measured in many ways. It could be gauged by how many research stops are actually completed — but some are inevitably thwarted by the ice.
“But there's also the human side of things, when you get off the ship and people are like, ‘I'll call you,' and we'll meet and we have a beer,” she said. “We've developed bonds, and we meet after these cruises. I think that's also a measure of success.”
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MOSCOW — A committee of borough teens is sponsoring a series of free concerts at Centennial Park this summer.
The Young Visionaries, led by junior borough council members Grace Hamilton and Jack Cherundolo, are planning the concerts at 7 p.m. on the first and third Saturdays of June, July and August.
The series begins tonight with Daniel Jaggars and Ian Hipps, who play folk, blues and gypsy jazz.
Attendees should bring lawn chairs or blankets. Donations will be accepted to benefit Old Mill Park.
—KYLE WIND
ESTEVAN, SASK.—An extra women's curling team has been added to the field for the Home Hardware Canada Cup in December. Headlined by world champions Brad Gushue and Rachel Homan, as well as 2014 Olympic champion Jennifer Jones, the $140,000 event Dec. 5-9 in Estevan, Sask., will feature seven men's teams and eight women's teams.
Edmonton's Laura Crocker will be in the women's field at the Home Hardware Canada Cup in December. The men's and women's Canada Cup winners secure berths in the 2021 Olympic pre-trials. ( Waterloo Region Record file photo )
They're invited based on ranking and there was a virtual three-way tie for two women's berths, according to Curling Canada's release Wednesday. Edmonton's Laura Crocker, Calgary's Chelsea Carey, Casey Scheidegger of Lethbridge, Alta., Kerri Einarson of Gimli, Man. and Winnipeg's Darcy Robertson will be in the women's field. Scheidegger, Einarson and Robertson finished last season in a virtual tie in the qualifying standings for the final two direct-entry berths.
Article Continued Below
The six men's teams qualified so far are Gushue from St. John's, N.L., Edmonton's Brendan Bottcher, 2014 Olympic champion Brad Jacobs of Sault Ste. Marie, Ont., Calgary's Kevin Koe, Winnipeg's Reid Carruthers and Toronto's John Epping. One more team of each gender will be added in mid-November from the top non-qualified teams in the Canadian Team Ranking System (CTRS). The men's and women's Canada Cup winners secure berths in the 2021 Olympic pre-trials. They will also qualify for a World Curling Federation World Cup event in 2019-20. Read more: Brad Gushue looks to the future after Champions Cup win
Read more about:
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says she developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having her kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer.
She said she was told at the time that the mistake was no one's fault and that “medicine is not an exact science.”
Sharon Marson, who now lives in New Brunswick, attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her, and The Ottawa Hospital. Affidavits filed and both sides were cross-examined in them, but her lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because she waited too long to pursue it.
Marson's surgery was in August 2000. For most lawsuits, the claim must be issued within two years. Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015.
She said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “I have been the victim of medical malpractice.” Until then, she said, she was not aware there had been malpractice.
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of her service in the armed forces. Tests done after the exam found a “shadow” on her right kidney and she was referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy.
He ordered a series of tests. Based on those, he concluded she had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and her ureter be surgically removed, to which she agreed.
In August 2000, during a post-op consultation, Leahy told her the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was, in fact, benign and that she had a kidney infection and scarring, not cancer.
“Following my nephrectomy, I was told that the pathology report, much to Dr. Leahy's surprise, was not cancer. I had been misdiagnosed. I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue, for which I had had not one symptom,” she said in a court document.
According to court documents, Marson stated that after surgery she had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “false positive result” for cancer and that “tests can be wrong, but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted.”
He added, “Medicine is not an exact science.”
At the time, she said, several people encouraged her to launch a lawsuit, but she declined.
It was only when she was applying for a disability pension, she said, that she read the entire medical file and was struck by an “inconsistency” between what the doctor told her and her husband after the surgery and what the records said.
At the heart of her concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery, which was negative for cancer. Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening. Marson argued that further testing should have been done, in light of that result, before her kidney was removed.
“He never explained to me that he should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and he maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life.”
In court testimony, Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery. He also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to his diagnosis.
Marson, meanwhile, who had been working as a supply technician, said she left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD.
When she underwent a medical exam as part of her release from the military later in 2000, she talked about the misdiagnoses as part of her reason.
“I now know that, at all material times, I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment.” It was only after receiving treatment for them that she was capable of commencing legal action, she said, which is why she waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings.
“I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state.”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment. The Ottawa Hospital released this statement: “The Court was clear in its decision in this case. The hospital cannot speak on behalf of other parties.”
epayne@postmedia.com
"Obviously our defence isn't going to let that happen, obviously our coaching staff isn't going to let that happen, but we have to make sure we come every week with, 'Hey, this is a big game. This is a big game. This is a big game. This game is bigger than the last one.'"
___
Some other things to know about this game:
WATCH THE QBS: Patterson ranks fourth nationally in passing yards per game even after a subpar outing against Alabama, and has the league's top two receivers in A.J. Brown and DaMarkus Lodge. Auburn's Jarrett Stidham has only 12 incompletions in the last three games. In the last two, Stidham has had seven passes go for at least 46 yards.
AUBURN BACKFIELD: Auburn's Johnson has run for eight touchdowns in the past two games, five against Missouri and three against Mississippi State. Those performances have helped the Tigers miss a healthy Kamryn Pettway (lower leg) much less. Pettway played some against the Bulldogs and lost a fumble. Malzahn said fellow tailback Kam Martin is also nursing an unspecified injury that kept him out of the last game.
MCGRIFF'S TIES: Ole Miss defensive co-ordinator Wesley McGriff was Auburn's co-defensive co-ordinator and secondary coach last season. Malzahn said that means McGriff is familiar with the Tigers' players, "but some of our guys have obviously improved since last year." Having a new offensive co-ordinator in Chip Lindsey reduces the carry over, too.
"The fact that Chip is calling the plays and we are different in a lot of ways, it's not like you would think," Malzahn said. "But he's definitely familiar."
REBELS AGAINST TOP 15: Ole Miss beat both No. 8 Texas A&M and No. 11 Georgia last season. The Rebels have nine wins over teams ranked in the top 15 over the last four years.
EARLY KICK: With the game kicking off at 11 a.m. CT, the Rebels opted to fly to Alabama on Thursday. Ole Miss played an early game on Sept. 9 and beat Tennessee-Martin 45-23. "We've done it once before so I think that will help," Luke said.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By John Zenor, The Associated Press
IMPERIAL – IME BECAS Scholarship checks were delivered to Imperial Valley College students of Mexican origin by the Mexican Consulate, Monday, June 12, at 5:30 p.m. at the William Thornburg Administration Board Room to help students with beginnings in Mexico to further their education.
Benefited students received their scholarships from Dr. Victor Jaime, President and Superintendent of Imperial Valley College and the Mexican Consul in Imperial County, CA; Carlos Flores Vizcarra.
During the 2016-2017 school year, the IME-Scholarship Program awarded a $10,000 grant to the Imperial Valley College Foundation. With these funds, 20 selected students with a GPA greater than 3.0 were benefited.
For six consecutive years the Mexican Government has worked with the Imperial Valley College Foundation to benefit more than 150 students of Mexican origin to continue their education in the United States.
The IME-BECAS program was created in 2005 at the initiative of the Government of Mexico to contribute to the educational development and improvement of Mexican migrants living in the United States of America.
The program supports students continuing their academic education.
Since its creation in 2005, more than 56,000 students have benefited from the IME Scholarship program in the United States.
About $32bn was lost to corruption during the six-year administration of ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, the United Kingdom's Department for International Development said on Monday.
The agency said the huge amount represented 16 per cent of the previous government's resources that could have been channeled to development.
The agency's Head of Office, DFID Nigeria, Debbie Palmer, said this at the expression of undergraduate debates challenge to celebrate this year's international anti-corruption day.
The event was organized by a non-governmental organization, Youngstars Foundation Initiative in Abuja.
She said millions of dollars tied up in legal challenges remained in other countries.
Palmer said: “An independent report estimates that up to $32bn was lost to corruption under the previous government. This is around 15 per cent of state resources during the period and could well be an under-estimate.
“So the estimate is that nearly 16 per cent of the previous government's money was lost to corruption. That is a staggering amount of money. And that is money that is to all of you and to your future. That is why we all should care about corruption.
“Millions of dollars also remain in other jurisdictions tied up in legal challenges.”
Palmer said youths in the country have a critical role to play in President Muhammadu Buhari's anti-graft fight.
She added that the UK is committed to supporting Nigeria to tackle corruption in all its various forms through its anti-corruption programme in Nigeria.
Follow Jeff Add to circle
The town of Boring is located in the state of Oregon. Less than 8,000 folks live in Boring. Over in Scotland, you can fund the town of Dull, which is made up of a single string of houses and a population of less than 90 people. These towns need a bit of excitement to stir things up, and Jaguar decided to bring the party to the people in the form of its F-Type R sports car.
A pair of ladies in Dull and a pair of gents in Boring got the chance to sample the raucous F-Type R coupe on their local roads. The shape of the car, the sound of the engine, and the performance of the entire package certainly livened up each of the neighborhoods. Jaguar filmed the whole thing and produced the cheeky little video you see above.
CHECK OUT: 2018 Jaguar XE SV Project 8 heading to Pebble Beach
Creating excitement is pretty easy to do when you have more than 500 horsepower on tap. Then again, Jaguar could have given then any of the V-6 versions and they still would have had a ball. Early reports suggest that the 296-horsepower turbocharged 4--cylinder version is fun to drive as well.
So pretty much any F-Type out there should be more than capable of bringing excitement to both Dull and Boring. Now Jaguar needs to put the cars on a plane and ship them down to Bland, Australia. There's more work to be done.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
Amazon Wants To Deliver Packages Inside Your Car
Enlarge this image toggle caption Amazon Amazon
From the company that brought you the option of letting a courier inside your home comes a new service: package delivery inside your car.
Amazon is expanding its in-home delivery service called Key to include deliveries to trunks and back seats of cars. The service is available only to Amazon Prime members in 37 cities who have a 2015 or newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac or Volvo with an active OnStar or Volvo On Call account.
Essentially, these are already connected cars that can be remotely unlocked — in this case for package delivery, which Amazon promises within a four-hour window. The shopper has to confirm that they've parked within range of the delivery location — in a publicly accessible area — and can track the progress through the Amazon Key app.
Amazon has devoted much effort to figuring out how to stop its packages from being stolen from porches and public spaces, which is costing the company a pretty penny. With in-car service, Amazon can use shoppers' cars as secure mail drop boxes.
This is also the extension of Amazon's ongoing effort to come up with new ways to lure customers into its universe with convenience and speed. Early on, it was free two-day shipping for people who pay a monthly or yearly Prime subscription. Then came Internet-connected buttons that auto-order a specific item and shopping via voice commands to a smart home device. Now, it's remotely controlled, app-connected locks on houses and cars to let couriers inside.
In February, Amazon bought Ring, a smart-doorbell maker that can stream audio and video a phone, which followed the launch of the company's own Internet-connected home security camera called Cloud Cam. Amazon has pitched the camera and its Amazon Key app for use not just for in-home deliveries, but also keyless entry for a growing number of home-service providers that can be hired through Amazon, such as dog walkers and house cleaners.
Most of the special services appeal to Prime subscribers, a membership service that typically costs $99 a year in the U.S. — one that Amazon is aggressively growing. Last week, for the first time, CEO Jeff Bezos disclosed that the number of Prime subscribers topped 100 million.
General Motors' OnStar and Volvo On Call are also subscription services, which tend to come with some free-of-charge periods but can run up to $350 a year.
NPR's Sonari Glinton contributed to this report.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If they didn't laugh, then they'd probably have to cry.
Sometimes, parents have to display humour when dealing with their troublesome children - or risk having it all fall apart.
So for these mums and dads, the art of parenting is best performed with a laugh.
Here, we take a look at the best notes sent by mums and dads around the world to their children (and possibly the odd cheeky missive from mum to dad)...
KANO, Nigeria: Nigerian police say they have found the bodies of 41 men with their throats cut in a northern area that is notorious as a hideout for criminal gangs.
Eighteen bodies were found in a river on Sunday while 23 others were discovered in a nearby forest in the Zurmi area of Zamfara state, police commissioner Kenneth Ebrimson said on Tuesday.
Police arrested four suspects after searching the bush area and also found machetes and guns, he told reporters in Gusau, the state capital.
He said the suspects were identified as members of a widely-feared local vigilante group “who decided to carry out the extra-judicial killings”.
Police believe the victims were gang members who had been involved in cattle rustling and kidnapping.
But local residents were unable to identify any of the bodies, suggesting they were not resident in the area, he said.
Farming and cattle herding communities in Zamfara have for years been terrorised by gangs of cattle thieves and kidnappers who raid villages, steal cows and abduct locals for ransom.
As a hideout, the gangs use the Ruggu forest which straddles Zamfara, Katsina and Kaduna states.
The attacks have prompted villagers to form militia groups for protection but they, too, have been accused of taking the law into their own hands and killing suspected bandits.
Those killings attract reprisals from motorcycle-riding criminal gangs, who carry out indiscriminate killings and arson in retaliation.
In April the Nigerian government deployed troops to Zamfara to fight the gangs while the police outlawed the vigilantes to end the tit-for-tat killings.—AFP
My grandmother used to make this delicious guava jelly which I loved. She would spoon it out quivering and golden from her jam jar and give it to us with parathas made with ghee or tava toasts. She did not possess a toaster, so toasts were made on tavas and called (surprise, surprise!) tava toasts. Right through my childhood, I knew of no greater everyday pleasure than to stuff a guava jelly paratha roll or a guava jelly toast into my ever-open, ever-hungry mouth.
Which is why when I am sick or sad or tired or lonely even today, all those years on, nothing brings me more cosmic comfort than eating a tava toast with guava jelly. There is something about the taste that instantly recreates the one thing I knew for sure while growing up—that no matter what else went down, there would always be the intersection of my grandmother's love and culinary expertise to help patch me back up again.
And that's the lure of comfort food, it's the equivalent of a tight squishy hug from the food cosmos, it is the security of childhood made edible and it is a reason to indulge in whatever calorific carbohydrate ridden food we deny ourselves when we have the moral fibre to do so. Because what all comfort foods have in common (apart from being what we ate to feel better when we were children) is that they are simple tastes, they don't stint on fat and sugar and that when they need to be, they are unapologetically calorific.
So bread and butter pudding, a grilled cheese sandwich, kheer, halwa, porridge, yellow dal and chawal—the list of comfort foods is endless. And what they encapsulate at their heart is the fact that they conjure up an association or relationship that has the power to soothe our battered and weary souls. Everyone's list of comfort foods is unique and individual, because everyone's memories and lives and associations are different. But for whatever it's worth, here's mine.
■Guava jelly and tava toast as detailed above. A close contender is the simpler and sometimes more cosmically satisfying toast and butter/bread and butter. And while I adore good bread, it's for when my heart and soul are in good shape. When I am feeling battered and buffeted, I will always reach for a slice of soft, fresh white industrial bread slathered with salty Amul butter. And because that is what security and safety tasted like as a child, I will always surrender into that soft carbohydrate love cocoon willingly.
■Yellow dal and chawal which for me is the taste of home. No matter where I wander, when I come back, I need to have some yellow dal and chawal to feel anchored and whole again. And for me the comfort association is not just the taste, it's very much the aroma of the ghee heeng tadka in the dal and the fragrance of the basmati cooking that evokes memories of homecoming—both physically and metaphorically, of nostalgia and contentment.
■Khichri. Nothing encapsulates the specificity and individuality of comfort food more than khichri. The khichri that I love and that I inhale when I am sick is made with arhar dal, is slightly runny, has a few diced vegetables in it and has a tadka of ghee, heeng and zeera. Being blessed with an extraordinarily rude constitution, I was hardly ever sick as a kid, and my mother is the Founder President of the Parents United against Mollycoddling their Children Society, so being sick was an amazing anthropological experiment for me. My mother would hover like an unlikely Florence Nightingale, unusually solicitous, shooing off my older sisters, force feeding me steaming bowls of this concoction. I can still hoover up a small swimming pool sized container of this khichri and feel like my mother is in the room with me keeping sickness and sadness and loneliness and pain at bay. However, my children have no use for this khichri at all—they regard it as slightly less appetising than the dog's upchuck. Which just goes to prove that it's nurture not nature that determines what provides comfort. Out of the many ways in which my parenting skills have been less than exemplary, this failure to pass on my love of this runny khichri coded in my children's DNA, or through early force feeding of it has to be one of the biggest fails as a mother. Sorry kids.
■Nutties, Lacto bonbon and Kismi toffees. In my childhood, a combination of poverty and my mother's position as Founder President of the above mentioned society meant that our intake of sweets and chocolates was so low that today it would be considered unnatural, inhumane and cruel. However, the sweets that we did manage to get our hands on, can still exert a hypnotically soothing influence on me. So Nutties—chocolate covered wafer balls—were the first thing that got my heart racing. They were so posh, that to me unimaginable wealth was always measured in exactly how many truck loads of it I could afford when I grew up. They were harder to get hold of than Cadburys Dairy Milk and Five-Star chocolates, and also less chocolate per paisa, but for me there was something about Nutties—some therapy that they provided that I am still game for. And the milk caramel-based Lacto Bonbons—in a green wrapper made by Parle and the red and white kissy face Kismi toffees that children handed out when their birthdays came around in class—I can pop one and be instantly transported back to a time when all that mattered was that there is a yummy in your mouth which you could concentrate on and forget about anything else for three or four very soul satisfying slurpy minutes.
There is something about the synthetic chemical vanilla essence in an ice cream that makes me revert to a state of primal idiotic contentment. Photo: iStockphoto.
■Vanilla ice cream and pound cake. Anyone who has ever sat next to me on a bus even once will have already heard me expound on the merits of a good pound cake. It is my belief that a well made pound cake is a time machine that can transport you immediately to a place of goodness and beauty and happiness—but it bears repeating. It is my assertion that Robert The Bruce of Scotland basically had a pound cake stashed in the cave, which is why he felt anchored in himself and his convictions enough to go on and win Scotland. For me, it's not just a comfort food, but also a happiness food. Similarly— vanilla ice cream. And while I love vanilla and spend half a Nutties-truck worth of my very modest means on proper vanilla pods and extract, there is something about the synthetic chemical vanilla essence in an ice cream that makes me revert to a state of primal idiotic contentment. So while I can demolish my own body weight in artisanal ice cream made with real Madagascar vanilla, what I want to reach for when I am down and out is the vanilla ice cream we grew up on—the Kwality, Amul, Vadilals of the world—the ice cream equivalent of mothers milk to a certain generation of Indians. After a few bricks worth of this is in my system, I am buoyed and cheered enough to face whatever circumstance sent me racing to the freezer in the first place.
So this then is my comfort food list. This is the junction where taste and nostalgia and memories meet for me—the things that give succour to my soul as much as my body. These are my therapists, my friends and my history all rolled into delicious simple bites.
What gives YOU comfort? What makes you feel cocooned in love and concern, like you can temporarily surrender the woes of this world into the arms of a loving care taker? What makes you feel that however down and out you may be currently, there is hope and love and goodness—and that feeling better is just a small mouthful away? Once you identify your list of comfort foods—keep those things always at hand. Because therapy is expensive, and friends and family, however kind, tend to be selfishly occupied with their own things, but ice cream, French fries and bread and butter—hey, they always, always understand.
Vatsala Mamgain is a glutton, cook, runner, tree lover, shopper, reader, and talker.
An attorney for U.S. President Donald Trump's personal lawyer is accusing porn actress Stormy Daniels' attorney of leaking secret banking records to deliberately harm his client. The attorney for Michael Cohen, Stephen Ryan, blasted Michael Avenatti at a New York court hearing Wednesday about materials seized in an FBI raid of Cohen's home and office.
U.S. President Donald Trump's attorney Michael Cohen, and Stormy Daniels' attorney Michael Avenatti, are appearing again before a New York judge as part of an ongoing legal tussle about attorney client privilege and records seized by the FBI. (The Associated Press)
Ryan told a judge that Avenatti should not be able to participate in a review over whether the materials fall under attorney-client privilege. Avenatti denied that he did anything wrong. U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood told Avenatti he would need to file a formal application to join the case. Prosecutors say they're probing Cohen's business interests. There have been no charges filed against him.
Article Continued Below
The primary subject of the hearing Wednesday was a review of files and phone data taken from Cohen as part of an investigation of his personal business affairs. But the lawyers were also debating whether Michael Avenatti, the lawyer for porn actress Stormy Daniels, will get a formal role in the case. Avenatti says he also wants access to some seized records, possibly including recordings of phone calls, to see if they reveal confidential information about Daniels. Lawyers for Cohen don't want him involved. Read more:
The primary subject of the hearing Wednesday was a review of files and phone data taken from Michael Cohen, pictured, as part of an investigation of his personal business affairs. ( Seth Wenig / The Associated Press )
Read more about:
© PL-Caltech/MSSS / NASA
© JPL-Caltech/MSSS / NASA
"From our perch on Vera Rubin Ridge, the vast plains of the crater floor stretch out to the spectacular mountain range that forms the northern rim of Gale Crater."
NASA's Mars Rover Curiosity has sent a fresh update, and it appears the science-lab-on-wheels has been busy acting like a tourist, snapping selfies at famous sites and taking stunning panoramic photos of the Martian landscape.The rover, which is part of NASA's Mars Science Laboratory mission, sends back raw images of what it encounters based on commands sent from the mission team.The latest batch of photos shows the dusty robot posing for a selfie on Vera Rubin ridge which it's been investigating for the past few months in a bid to establish whether Mars is, or ever was, capable of supporting life.In the background of the picture, the 3.4 mile high Mount Sharp can be seen just behind Curiosity's head.The selfie was included in a huge tranche of images recounting what Curiosity has been doing in recent months. From the collection, NASA researchers stitched together a stunning panoramic view of Gale Crater, which the rover has been exploring since it touched down in August 2012.The full view features a total of 16 photos pieced together. The pictures were taken from the rover's vantage point on the side of the mountain, more than 1,000 feet above the crater.It stretches across an expanse greater than 30 miles and shows the route the rover has taken over the last five years as it trundles around at an average speed of one centimetre per second."Even though Curiosity has been steadily climbing for five years, this is the first time we could look back and see the whole mission laid out below us," said Ashwin Vasavada of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, who works with Curiosity.Curiosity will soon go back to drilling for soil samples, this time along the Vera Rubin Ridge.
Rotorwing Helicopter Services is one of many local and interstate businesses that will be featured at the Lismore Aviation Expo. Rotorwing will have static displays as well as offering joy flights.
GOOD news for aviation enthusiasts as the Lismore Aviation Expo will go ahead as planned this Saturday, June 17, despite the recent wet weather and minor floods across the region this week.
Organiser Danielle Hanigan from Lismore City Council said the show will go on and will be largely held on the tarmac at the Lismore Aviation Centre.
"Luckily all our displays, stalls and events are happening on tarmac surfaces, so we can continue with the event,” Ms Hanigan said.
"All our aircraft are confirmed and we are looking forward to a fantastic day of high-flying fun.”
However Ms Hanigan did warn that parking will be extremely limited and encourages event goers to use the free shuttle bus services provided.
"The ground at the Lismore Aviation Centre earmarked for parking is extremely wet, so we urge people to please park at one of the three locations provided and ride the bus.”
Highlights of the event include exciting aerobatic displays, a flypast by a RAAF C-17A Globemaster III and local hot air balloon operators showing off their flying machines and offering joy flights.
A major sponsor of the event, Fast Aviation, will be launching Lismore's new 24-hour charter service.
Other highlights include the chance to go inside the cockpit of a REX SAAB 340 and a range of adventure and scenic flights including warbirds.
Young aspiring pilots can visit local aviation training institutes including the Defence Force, the Northern Rivers Aero Club and the North Coast Institute of TAFE.
Proceeds from the Lismore Aviation Expo will go to the Westpac Life Saver Rescue Helicopter. For more information, go to www.visitlismore.com.au.
MORE INFO:
When: Saturday June 17, 9am to 4pm.
Where: Lismore Aviation Centre, Three Chain Road, South Lismore.
Entry: $5 per person, free entry for children under 16.
Transport: Buses from: Lismore Transit Centre in the CBD, the old Mills Transport depot at 210 Union Street and the Lismore Airport Passenger Terminal, picking up every 15 minutes.
All sites will have clearly signposted 'Bus Stop' signage.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 3:11 am |
Hagaon Harav Aharon Leib Steinman, shlita. (Yaakov Naumi/Flash90, file)
YERUSHALAYIM - As tefillos continued across the Jewish world on behalf of Hagaon Harav Aharon Leib Steinman, shlita, the spokesman from Mayanei Hayeshuah Hospital in Bnei Brak reported Monday morning that b'chasdei Shamayim there was a continued improvement in the condition of the Rosh Yeshivah, carrying on from Sunday.
Harav Steinman, shlita, has been hospitalized in the intensive-care unit of Mayanei HaYeshua Hospital in Bnei Brak since last Sunday, with a slight bout of pneumonia.
On Sunday night, after the Rosh Yeshivah was in a little better condition, Hagaon Harav Chaim Kanievsky, shlita, paid a visit in hospital. Harav Kanievsky blessed Harav Steinman with a refuah sheleimah.
The medical staff at Mayanei Hayeshuah hope to reassess the situation of the Rosh Yeshivah in several days, and are hopeful for the release of the Rosh Yeshivah, b'ezras Hashem.
Family members of the Rosh Yeshivah urge all to continue to daven for the refuah sheleimah of Harav Aharon Yehudah Leib ben Gittel Faiga, b'soch she'ar cholei Yisrael.
Nevertheless, several officials said after the meetings with Trump in Washington that he and his advisors understood the integration of supply chains and economic ties between states and provinces along the northern border.
The U.S. administration appears to still be trying to figure out how it can deal with what it perceives as problems with Mexico without harming or introducing problems to the northern cross-border relationship, said the official.
A Canadian official, briefing reporters on a background basis, said during meetings with Trump and his senior aides, there was no clear indication of how the U.S. would distinguish between Mexico and Canada in order to make trade “fairer” as Trump pledged.
Trudeau's entourage returned from what they said was a successful trip to Washington with Trump's statement that his real concerns on trade and border security lie with Mexico raising new questions about his intentions.
OTTAWA—Prime Minister Justin Trudeau twice declined Tuesday to say or to guess what U.S. President Donald Trump means by “tweaking” the North American free trade deal as a senior Canadian official suggested the American administration hasn't got a plan yet.
The prime minister got no kudos for his visit from either the Conservatives or the NDP.
As for any talk of import duties, or border “adjustment” taxes that might come through a comprehensive tax reform plan, the official who briefed reporters said it wasn't raised once by Trump or any of his officials. That was taken as an indication Trump is not as enthusiastic about it as fellow Republicans in Congress, like House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan. Ryan did raise it, but the Canadians don't anticipate any immediate moves.
The NDP blasted Trudeau for failing to publicly decry what they called Trump's anti-immigration policies.
MP Jenny Kwan suggested Trudeau lacked courage to call out “Trump's racist immigration policies, even though they are having a direct impact on Canadians.”
Trudeau defended himself, saying “I will say the same thing in Ottawa as I say in Washington;” that he would emphasize shared concerns and disagree “respectfully, clearly and honestly” where necessary.
“We were able to make sure that Americans understood fully and completely how many good jobs on both sides of the border depend on the close working relationship we have,” said Trudeau.
Conservative interim leader Rona Ambrose said Trudeau must drop his plan for a carbon levy and reduce taxes for businesses and individuals, to stay competitive with the United States.
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said in the short term, the working relationship will improve. He said the two countries agreed on renewed cooperation on a response to dealing with the rise in opioid use and supply, and on cyber-security. He said the North American power grid is an example of where “there are huge interconnections along the border and we will both want to make sure that we make that as, as resilient and, and resistant to attack as we possibly can, and we're going to explore the ways to, to do that in collaboration with each other.”
As well, Goodale said the two sides agreed to more quickly to implement pre-clearance of cross-border cargo. That has been pledged before but Canadian officials have suggested the delays have been on the American side, largely due to technological upgrades needed.
Canadian officials say the result of the meetings in Washington will be a new impetus behind officials to actually implement many of the potential solutions.
Trump gave the Canadians full-throated support, saying he will work with Trudeau on “a stronger trading relationship between the United States and Canada. It includes safe, efficient, and responsible cross-border travel and migration. And it includes close partnership on domestic and international security.” He said trade will be a lot easier, better and faster with new technology. But when asked whether he was confident the northern border is secure, Trump said “You can never be totally confident,” before going off on a tangent.
Trump and Trudeau spent 15-20 minutes alone in the Oval Office at the start of the day, with no note-takers present, before their senior aides and ministers joined them for an extended bilateral meeting.
The Canadian official said the conversations were wide-ranging from immigration (the Americans reportedly expressed the belief that Canada and Australia's systems were the best in the world at bringing in people their economies need); to border security, and broader international defence issues, including North Korea and China.
There was a brief discussion on the environment, with reference only to the issue of acid rain and the health of the Great Lakes. The official acknowledged there was no in-depth discussion of climate change, although Trudeau did thank Trump in person for his approval of the Keystone XL pipeline.
Trump did not indicate who he might name as his ambassador to Canada, and Sarah Palin's name did not come up on either side, the official said. The official said a new ambassador may not be named for several more months, and the Canadian delegation impressed upon Trump and his aides that Trudeau's ambassador to Washington, David MacNaughton, is not a political fundraiser but a “close collaborator” of Trudeau's who has his ear, the implicit suggestion being the Americans should also appoint someone with that kind of access to the president. The official downplayed the prospect of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, also rumoured for the job, being named to the post.
Yerevan /Mediamax/. 2017 Aurora Prize Laureate Doctor Tom Catena will arrive in Yerevan on May 31.
Doctor Tom Catena, 2017 Aurora Prize Laureate, will visit Armenia ahead of the 2018 Aurora Prize Award Ceremony and a series of special events. This year, the special weekend of events will take place on June 8-10, culminating with the announcement of the 2018 Aurora Prize Laureate.
Tom Catena will arrive in Yerevan on May 31 and will start his tour of Armenia and Artsakh.
Special report | 2017-06-08 16:55:43 Vardan Hovhannisyan shares off-screen part of his Tom Catena film
After widespread repudiation of his claim that millions voted illegally in November, costing him the popular vote, President Trump tweeted Wednesday that he plans to call for a major investigation into voter fraud.
But the president has not provided any evidence of such a massive fraud. The overwhelming majority of election experts say this is because it doesn't exist.
Part of the controversy is President Trump's use of the word "fraud." In his tweet, Trump says he'll ask to investigate those who he calls illegal, those who are dead but still registered to vote, and those who are registered in two states.
"That's not voter fraud, that's just people moving and never thinking to cancel their voter registration in their old state," says David Becker, author of a 2012 Pew report about the need to clean up state voter registration lists.
It's a problem, Becker says, but not evidence people are voting illegally. The same is true of the dead people still on the rolls.
Trump and the White House have cited Becker's report repeatedly to back claims that fraud is rampant. But Becker said that's not at all what his study found, and neither have numerous other investigations, including one by the Justice Department under former President George W. Bush.
"We know the answer to the question, 'Is there widespread voter fraud in the country?' " Becker says. "And the answer is no."
Still, White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended the need for a new investigation Wednesday, saying it would help ensure everyone's vote is counted equally.
"I think we have to understand where the problem exists, how deep it goes and then suggest some remedies to it," he says.
And one of those remedies might be more voter ID requirements, Spicer said. He didn't say who would conduct the inquiry but did say more details would be available later this week.
These accusations have the people who run elections — and believe they're doing a pretty good job at it — extremely unnerved.
Denise Merrill, Connecticut's secretary of state and president of the National Association of Secretaries of State, is one of these people.
"I can tell you that, as a nonpartisan organization, I think there's a pretty uniform sense that any federal intervention into essentially local elections would not be welcome," she says.
Especially, she says, because there's no need.
The secretaries group, which includes Republicans and Democrats, issued a statement Tuesday saying that it has no evidence to support the president's claims of fraud.
Merrill also notes that states are constantly working to update their voter rolls. There are protections in the law to make sure no legitimate voter is accidentally removed. She worries Trump's remarks undercut public confidence in a system that, for the most part, works very well.
"I think its very dangerous to start claiming with no evidence that our elections are illegitimate," she says.
Even more alarmed are voting rights advocates, who worry the investigation will be used to justify new voting laws and will restrict access to the polls.
"This is a setup for a few things, one of which is potentially moving a federal bill on voter ID or proof of citizenship in order to vote," says Judith Browne Dianis, executive director of Advancement Project, one of several groups that have spent the last few years fighting such laws in court. "It could also be an opening for attacking the National Voter Registration Act."
Motor Voter is a law that makes it easier to register when getting a driver's license. Some Republicans, including some in the Trump administration, think that long-standing law has helped to facilitate voter fraud.
But after his Twitter call to action, people must now wait to see how the Trump administration decides to proceed.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
President Trump says he plans to call for a major investigation into voter fraud. His tweet today followed widespread repudiation of his claim that millions of people voted illegally in November, keeping him from winning the popular vote. The president has provided no evidence of such massive fraud, and the overwhelming majority of election experts say that's because it doesn't exist. NPR's Pam Fessler reports.
PAM FESSLER, BYLINE: Part of the controversy is President Trump's use of the word fraud. In his tweet, Trump says he'll ask for a major investigation into voter fraud, including those who he calls illegal, as well as those who are dead but still registered to vote, and those who are registered in two states.
DAVID BECKER: That's not voter fraud. That's just people moving and never thinking to cancel their voter registration in their old state.
FESSLER: David Becker says it's a problem, but not evidence that people are voting illegally. The same is true of all those dead people still on the rolls. Becker's the author of a 2012 Pew report about the need to clean up state voter registration lists.
Trump and the White House have cited his report repeatedly to back claims that fraud is rampant, but Becker says that's not what his study found at all and neither have numerous other investigations, including one by the U.S. Justice Department under George W. Bush.
BECKER: We know the answer to the question is there widespread voter fraud in the country, and the answer is no.
FESSLER: Still, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer today defended the need for a new investigation. He said it would help to ensure that everyone's vote is counted equally.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
SEAN SPICER: I think we have to understand where the problem exists, how deep it goes and then suggest some remedies to it.
FESSLER: And he said one of those remedies might be more voter ID requirements. Spicer didn't say who would conduct the inquiry, and that more details will be available later this week. All of this has the people who run elections - and think they're already doing a pretty good job - extremely unnerved. Denise Merrill is Connecticut's secretary of state and president of the National Association of Secretaries of State.
DENISE MERRILL: I can tell you that as a nonpartisan organization, I think there's pretty uniform sense that any federal intervention into essentially local elections would not be welcome.
FESSLER: Especially, she says, because there's no need. The secretaries group, which includes Republicans and Democrats, issued a statement yesterday saying that it has no evidence to support the president's claims of fraud. Merrill also notes that states are constantly working to update their voter rolls and that there are protections in the law to make sure that no legitimate voter is accidentally removed. She worries that Trump's remarks undercut public confidence in a system that for the most part works very well.
MERRILL: I think it's very dangerous to start claiming with no evidence that our elections are illegitimate.
FESSLER: Voting rights advocates are even more alarmed. They worry the investigation will be used to justify new voting laws that they believe will restrict access to the polls. Judith Browne Dianis is executive director of Advancement Project, one of several groups that have spent the last few years fighting such laws in court.
JUDITH BROWNE DIANIS: This is a setup for a few things, one of which is potentially moving a federal bill on voter ID or proof of citizenship in order to vote. It could be also an opening for attacking the National Voter Registration Act.
FESSLER: Also known as Motor Voter, a law that makes it easier to register when getting a driver's license. Some Republicans, including some in the Trump administration, think that long-standing law has helped to facilitate voter fraud. Pam Fessler, NPR News, Washington. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
© MSNBC
I don't think we want as Americans to allow somebody who is possibly colluding with a foreign enemy to making choices that are going to affect our lives for the next 30, 40 years. That's the issue and make no mistake about it. We cannot allow this. We have to see what happens with the Mueller investigation, whether or not Donald Trump is guilty or not guilty of major, major crimes and if he is, he should not be allowed to pick the next Supreme Court justice.
And wherever you come down on any of these issues, I would hope as an American you don't want a potential criminal choosing one of our Supreme Court justices. That's what it comes down to. I mean, I don't care whether you're a pro-life or pro-choice, I happen to be, you know, pro-choice and I happen to be in favor of gay rights and civil rights and workers rights and all those things and those things are in jeopardy, but whatever - wherever you come down ideologically, we can all agree that we shouldn't have a potential criminal choosing our next Supreme Court justice.
"So, don't let anyone tell you picking this decisive member of the Supreme Court is not essentially a political decision, to pick a Republican justice is to have a Republican court. If the Democrats in the United States Senate cannot resist Trump's putting the country's highest court in a death grip, they will and should pay an insufferable price. Now is the time for political warfare, not after this coming election when the enduring historic damage had already been sustained," he concluded.
Pisces to Aries, Spring (Ostara) & International Astrology Day March 16, 2018
Here we are in our last days of winter and the last week of Pisces. Before the Pisces waters turn into the fires of Aries, let's talk a bit more about Pisces. So we understand more. Wednesday, March 14, is Einstein's birthday. Einstein, a most brilliant thinker, was Pisces Sun. Most people consider Pisces too confused to become a brilliant scientist. But, there are heights and depths within Pisces hardly anyone ever knows or comes close to understanding.
Pisces is the two fish, one masking the other. Pisces' nature is fluid. And, this fluidity is what enables them to swim deep into darkness while reaching up to the highest star (Sirius). Because of these journeys, Pisces is able to understand all realities, both dark and light, inner and outer, above and below, known and unknown. This is where the two fish swim. Pisces, when directed by the Soul, becomes powerful, like the force of an ocean. Often, people turn away when in the presence of Pisces. A spiritual Pisces (Pluto ruler) understands why. Pisces must withdraw often, eliminate all that has been absorbed from the environments, and gather themselves back together again.
Saturday is the Pisces new moon. So many “lights” both in Pisces and in Aries. The Pisces waters prepare us for the fires of Aries. The keynote for Pisces – “I left the Father's house, the bliss-filled Oneness. I returned to the Earth in order to serve the Plan and to save humanity.” Monday is St. Joseph's Day, honoring all fathers as they cherish their children.
Spring. Tuesday, March 20, at 9:15 am (west coast), the zodiacal year ends, the Sun exits Pisces, enters Aries and the new season of Spring begins. The seasons are all about the elements. From Pisces waters to the fires of Aries, from the end to a new beginning. As the new zodiacal year commences, Archangel Raphael assumes his Spring position…protector of the Earth.
ARIES: Rest and relaxation is most important. Retreat continues to be a need. No matter what you attempt, veils drop in front of you. Should you push forward, you only find clouds of confusion. Go slowly, use your heart, slip into a comforting environment (and shoes), and dance and sing to the sounds of kirtan (holy music). The best is by Krishna Das.
TAURUS: Your entire focus is on group work and the creation of community. This is Right Action, for it will be through intentionally creating, building and working within community that sustainability will be assured in the coming years. There is a need to tend to health, be in the sun and exercise to assure that you will continue with the vision and leadership needed to get us from here to there, from darkness to light.
GEMINI: The planets in the sign of saving the world are in your house of friends, hopes, wishes, and how you're recognized, seen, needed and remembered in the group you belong to. What are your thoughts these days concerning those you associate with? How do they impact your profession, leadership skills and public life? During this new moon serve those around you with great dedication and love. Make food baskets. Distribute them.
CANCER: Maintain simplicity this week. Tend to easy chores, seek help if needed. You must maintain health, well-being and strength. There's a possibility of restriction walking or accomplishing tasks or getting from here to wherever for something unexpected may have occurred. This calls for patience and strength of character that can ask for assistance. If traveling, be sure to have the best of shoes. Drive with care.
LEO: Saturn and Mars have been affecting your day-to-day life. Have you found yourself working slower, having to redo, review, reassess and create a calm sense of inner patience these past months? What is occurring with money and finances held in common? Something unexpected, expansive, confusing or illuminating? Did financial news from family emerge? Do you need tax help?
VIRGO: Pisces is your opposite sign, your hidden self, the other half of you. When Sun is in Virgo, an integration takes place between yourself and all those close to you; intimate friends, those you work and live with and even enemies. Virgo and Pisces, like all opposite signs, shadow each other. The gifts each one possesses the other needs. Each shadow of the other gradually fuses and integrates.
LIBRA: With multiple Pisces and Aries planets you could be involved with lots of water (or fire). You could be engulfed in drugs or alcohol or a flood of tears for something sad occurring. You could be learning to swim or riding the waves. You could be turning into Mother Theresa saving the world. You could be lost, confused or realize you're being refined, purified and prepared. On the burning grounds. Wear veils for protection.
SCORPIO: Creativity should have slipped into your life quite easily taking you by the hand, creating new interests and goals, having you mingle with artists, writers, musicians, performers so you begin to identify more specifically as highly creative and not just a dark stranger behind sunglasses and long black coat in the winter cold somewhere. Now you're in the bright golden Sun.
SAGITTARIUS: Many opportunities seem to flow into your life. So many you may feel under/overwhelmed. Don't be. Some you'll understand, some you won't. Some are good, some confusing. As the blessings continue to appear, you find yourself learning to be quite at home with style, glamour and dazzling beauty. At times, you do need to retreat, hide under covers and simply swim toward Seas of Tranquility.
CAPRICORN: You like to maintain customs and traditions. Soon it will be Easter. It's time to create Easter baskets, growing little grasses (barley & wheat), thinking about filling the baskets with homemade foods for family and friends. Easter is Sunday, April 1st. In our family, our mother made walnut and poppy seed strudels, she grew radishes and parsley for Easter breakfast, and we walked around the neighborhoods, collecting wild fruits and spring onions. You might do this too.
AQUARIUS: Should you feel overtaken by either sex or intimacy, by money or finances, and/or by confusion in either of these areas of life, give yourself time to acclimate because something's unfolding and something's being refined in those areas. Keep close and careful tabs on all money, received and spent. Try not to be taken over by a desire for a very expensive object. It's an illusion. Wait a month.
PISCES: This new moon brings the hidden out into the open. Perhaps a new self-identity. Pisces is so often veiled, people don't really know them. They live behind veils (Neptune) for many years. Then one day Pisces emerges, knows what's ahead, what came before and what just passed everyone by. There's lots of work ahead. Get yourself thick boots, something cashmere and a new car. You know which direction to take.
___
~Risa – writer, teacher, counselor, mentor, astrologer, esotericist
Founder & Director…
The Esoteric & Astrological Studies & Research Institute
—-a contemporary Wisdom School for the Ageless Wisdom teachings.
The foundations of the Teachings are the study & application of Astrology
& the Seven Rays.
~Email: risagoodwill@gmail.com
~Web journal: www.nightlightnews.org/
~Facebook: Risa D'Angeles & Risa's Esoteric Astrology (2 FB pages)
All FB messages are posted on NLN (website) – under Daily Messages
—-Astrological, esoteric, day to day news – art, literature, psychology, history, geography, religious,
economic & cultural journalism.
After criticizing Zamfara state governor's response to the outbreak of meningitis, the Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi has come under heavy blasting from Abdulaziz Yari, the Zamfara state governor.
In a statement released on Saturday through his his special adviser on communication, Ibrahim Dosara, the Governor lambasted Sanusi saying that “the Emir, and all he wants to do is ride a Rolls-Royce in the face of palpable poverty; he shouldn't engage in throwing accusations at others.” Yari called the Emir a hypocrite and an enemy of Islam as he advised him to “practise what he preaches” or “keep his peace”.
The very respected Emir and former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, had revealed last week that
Abdulaziz Yari, governor of Zamfara state, took no steps to prepare for the meningitis outbreak despite being given prior warning.
The monarch described as ludicrous the governor's assertion that the meningitis outbreak was a consequence of fornication.
Writing on his Instagram page on Tuesday, Sanusi Nigerians are stuck with “inept” political leaders who pretend to be godly.
“Muslim countries are holding their own in the modern world proving that Islam is not a religion of underdevelopment. However, the likes of Zamfara State Governor Yari only strengthen this prejudice,” he said.
The lengthy tirade Saturday accused the emir of hypocrisy, and advised him to “practise what he preaches” or “keep his peace”.
Below is the governor's full statement signed by Ibrahim Dosara, his special adviser on communication.
“For those who consider the emir of Kano Muhammadu Sanusi II to be anything but a first class intellectual, a consummate banker and a bona fide member of Nigeria's royalty, the last couple of weeks were a dizzying spectacle of mixed messages on integrity, royalty and wisdom.
Within a perimeter of weeks, HRH Muhammadu Sanusi II, whose royal tentacles and social networks traverse the length and breadth of this country, lambasted the nation's economic framework, the northern elite, sub-national leadership especially the governor of Zamfara State, Abdulaziz Yari Abubakar, and the traditional institution of marriage.
All frontiers that we hold so dear.
With due respect to our highly revered traditional institutions and royal fathers, as a blue-blooded family member himself, Hon Abdulaziz Yari Abubakar holds the emir in very high esteem. He believes that the emir as a brother and co-occupant of elite positions in Nigeria, he could advise governors and those in positions of authority in several chains of communication that are richly available to him. But he preferred the public platform, for reasons best known to him.
Governor Yari firmly believes that a country that goes to its pastors and Imams who recommend prayer and fasting as the solution to every social misfortune, from matrimonial disagreements, to social and economic complications needs to be wary of the wrath of God in the event of an epidemic of unquantifiable proportion such as Type C meningitis. And as a country that succumbs to the supremacy of Allah, we must continue to link Him with all things, fair or foul.
Those who want to equate science with God, like HRH Muhammadu Sanusi II, can denounce Yari's statement from the rooftops but that will not change Governor Yari's beliefs in the omniscience, omnipresence and omnipotence of Allah.
By a certain bizarre coincidence too, like a prophecy foretold, Sheikh Mahmood Jaafar had before he was assassinated named Sanusi Lamido Sanusi as one of those whose hypocrisy would bring an epidemic of monumental proportions to this country. The tapes are very much in circulation long after Sheikh Jaafar's death.
He had argued in that sermon that “Sanusi Lamido is one of the enemies of Islam who would assume all traits of a good Muslim but deep inside them is a hatred of Islam, and the people far beyond human imagination.” Could this be a prophecy foretold?
However, the emir should be aware that Allah who gives power to whoever He wills at His own time, also takes it away at the most inauspicious time. As elected officials, we are obliged to serve people just as we serve God. Within this precinct Governor Yari has done his best. As representatives of the best of our traditions, our Emirs, chiefs, kings and queens are also obliged to lead by example, show empathy, adjudicate with compassion, display wisdom and embrace the fear of God, in all they do. In this HRH Muhammadu Sanusi II is struggling.
Recently, our erudite emir has been mired in several controversies, which rather than enhance his profile and the integrity of royalty, have put him very much on the spot. And the emir has put up a spirited defense of all the allegations against him. But he was not transparent enough, as he always accused officials, especially governors, to tell the public what he found in the Kano Emirate palace coffers when he ascended the exalted throne. This is the least of his people's expectations of him. It was the first that our finest royalty would offer.
Sacrifice is another attribute known to our royal fathers. But when an emir pledges to commit his hard earned resources for the face-lifting of the palace where he alone would reside and eventually transfers the burden to his impoverished subjects, there is a breach, or a problem.
Late Sultan Ibrahim Dasuki, of blessed memory, used his money to rebuild the Sultan's Palace in Sokoto to his taste, but until his demise, he never tendered the bill to his subjects for reimbursement.
Over time, we know our traditional fathers for their compassion. When their friends from far and near offer to assist them, they would rather the assistance was given to alleviate the sufferings of their people in cash or kind.
But for a traditional ruler who identifies the problems of his people and utters these words: “We are in denial. The north-west and the north-east, demographically, constitute the bulk of Nigeria's population, but look at human development indices, look at the number of children out of school, look at adult literacy, look at maternal mortality, look at infant mortality, look at girl-child completion rate, look at income per capita… The north-east and the north-west Nigeria are among the poorest parts of the world,” and yet when his friends offered help, he asks for a Rolls-Royce.
There is more than a fundamental problem. There is a big disconnect. Like Governor Yari has always said, his respect for our creator will never waver. He will also rue joining issues with royalty, in Nigeria or anywhere in the world. He maintains that his reverence of the institution that HRH Muhammadu Sanusi II represents is also unshaken.
Hon Abdulaziz Yari Abubakar is only asking HRH to either practice what he preaches or forever keep his peace, because in a situation where epidemics are taking our children, maternal mortality, uneducated youth, social vices and incompetent leaders are the national scourge, to borrow the words of the emir, and all he wants to do is ride a Rolls-Royce in the face of palpable poverty, he shouldn't engage in throwing accusations at others.
Kano kingdom is an important kingdom amongst the kingdoms in Africa. It is also an important and strategic institution in the history of Nigeria. The occupants of the seat before HRH Muhammadu Sanusi II played a significant and dignified role in making Nigeria what it is today. They respected themselves. HRH should emulate his predecessors and not play to the gallery in a manner that ridicules his own heritage”.
CLEVELAND — Chicago Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant is out of the lineup against the Cleveland Indians two days after being hit on the head by a pitch.
Cubs manager Joe Maddon said before Tuesday night's game that the 2016 National League MVP has a cut above his left eye but no concussion after being hit Sunday by Colorado's German Marquez.
"I think he's fine, but getting hit in the head is a pretty traumatic experience," Maddon said. "Fortunately, it never happened to me, but it happened to him."
The pitch hit the underside of the flap on Bryant's helmet, and he was helped off the field. Bryant is batting .319 with two homers and 11 RBIs this season.
Tommy La Stella started at third base and batted fifth Tuesday. Second baseman Javier Baez batted second, in Byrant's usual spot in the lineup.
Shortstop Addison Russell was in the lineup after experiencing an allergic reaction to a postgame meal Sunday in the Cubs' clubhouse. Russell, who is allergic to shellfish, began eating what he thought was lemon chicken but actually was shrimp.
Russell spent the night in Denver after being hospitalized briefly and rejoined the team Monday.
"Being taken on a gurney by paramedics was pretty scary," he said. "I went to the hospital, they gave me an IV, and three hours later I was fine."
The Cubs are making their first appearance at Progressive Field since beating the Indians in Game 7 of the 2016 World Series to win their first title since 1908.
___
Charges are being pressed against the owner responsible for the alleged neglect of 46 dogs near Williams Lake. Photo submitted
A Williams Lake man who had 46 dogs seized from his property in February, has been formally charged with two counts of animal cruelty.
The BC SPCA seized the dogs from Terry Baker on Feb. 22, due to concerns of neglect, undersocialization and distress. The animals ranged from puppies, to adult and older dogs.
“The dogs were seized because of lack of shelter, poor sanitation and inadequate veterinary care, but the biggest issue once they were in our care was that they were terrified of human contact,” said Marcie Moriarty, chief prevention and enforcement officer for the BC SPCA.
Read more: BC SPCA seizes 46 dogs near Williams Lake
The animals included American Eskimo, border collie, husky and Samoyed breeds, some of whom were pregnant when they were seized.
“One of the complications was that several of the dogs were pregnant and gave birth shortly after coming into SPCA care, but were too frightened to let staff near them or their puppies. Thankfully we have some extremely knowledgeable and dedicated staff members who were able to provide the care and treatment they needed despite the challenges,” said Moriarty.
Read more: BC SPCA under pressure to care for seized dogs
The SPCA said veterinary and behavioural staff worked with the dogs hourly to help them adjust to everyday sights and sounds.
“This was a very intensive undertaking involving hundreds of staff and volunteer hours,” said Moriarty.
“The fact that the majority of the dogs have responded to the behaviour modification to the point that we were able to adopt them into new homes is quite incredible, given the condition they were in when they were seized.”
While the SPCA had been fearful they would have to euthanize some of the animals, today, only eight remain in SPCA care.
In April, Baker appealed the seizure, asking to have 10 of his animals returned.
Read more: B.C. man loses appeal to get 10 dogs back after more than 46 animals seized
In his appeal testimony, Baker said while the situation was not “perfectly ideal,” the dogs were well-fed, happy and none were harmed or abused.
He said things had “got away” from him following the death of his mother, and the seizure was simply a case of bad timing, after he had been sick with the flu.
The appeal was ultimately denied by the B.C. Farm Industry Review Board.
Baker has previously been convicted of animal cruelty in a case in Saskatchewan involving more than 70 dogs.
His sentence included conditions that he was not to own or possess more than 10 dogs, six horses, or 10 chickens, with an exception of an additional 20 dogs, horses, or chickens under the age of six months.
If convicted in court, Baker could face a fine of up to $10,000, five years in jail and a lifetime ban on owning animals.
Read more: Truckload of homemade dog beds headed to BC SPCA shelters
@Tspricker
tara.sprickerhoff@wltribune.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
How long does it take to make a life-altering decision? Netflix's new series Seven Seconds asks viewers just that as it takes the audience down a dark and all-too-real rabbit hole.
Seven Seconds, created by Veena Sud, follows the aftermath and investigation into a hit-and-run that killed Brenton Butler, a black teenager in Jersey City. Viewers watch as the cops who were involved in the accident try to cover their tracks and the Butler family reels from the crime. The show also allows the audience to look into the lives of the lawyer, KJ Harper, prosecuting the case and Fish, the detective who pushes Harper to look deeper into the case.
This drama is a must-see series, even though it can be hard to watch as the unfolding events feel as though they have been ripped directly from the headlines. What makes this story so compelling is how it portrays the aftermath of the accident.
The acting in this series is phenomenal. Regina King and Russell Hornsby's heartwrenching performances as Brenton Butler's parents make the drama all the more tragic. Yes, the couple loses their son, but as the investigation drags on and the hope of getting justice for their son drifts farther away, they find themselves pushing the other away in their grief. It is through their love of their son that the audience learns who Brenton Butler was.
Beau Knapp, as Peter Jablonski, the driver of this tragedy, portrays a man racked with guilt over his actions and fear of what will happen to him if he comes forward. Clare-Hope Ashitey performs beautifully as the self-pitying and disillusioned and often intoxicated KJ Harper.
Seven Seconds is available on Netflix and has 10 hour-long episodes. The series is rated TV-MA. Fans of Seven Seconds may also enjoy The Killing, another series by Veena Sud, which follows the lives of two detectives as they investigate murders. Those looking for lighter fare should give Netflix's Nailed It a try. It's an amusing baking competition where amatuer bakers try to recreate fancy cakes to win the prize.
Top Gear presenters Chris Harris and Eddie Jordan escaped without injury after a car they were driving in Monaco burst into flames during filming.
Harris was behind the wheel of a new £50,000 Alpine sports car on Monte Carlo's SS17 stage with Jordan in the passenger seat driving up a hill on Monday morning, when its warning lights came on as the engine cut out.
BBC handout photo of a car that was being driven by Top Gear presenters Chris Harris and Eddie Jordan in Monaco, as they have escaped without injury after it burst into flames during filming.
They stopped the car immediately and the presenters made it out safely as flames emerged from underneath the vehicle.
The car burnt through in just four minutes, and Alpine is now investigating the incident.
Neither Harris nor Jordan, who were both wearing fireproof overalls and gloves at the time, were injured or suffered from smoke inhalation.
Harris said: "I first realised I needed to get out when I opened the door and the flames went up my arm.
BBC handout photo of a car that was being driven by Top Gear presenters Chris Harris and Eddie Jordan in Monaco, as they have escaped without injury after it burst into flames during filming.
"Sadly the car was lost and it always makes me sad to see a beautiful car destroyed."
Jordan said: "Doing a stage of the Monte Carlo Rally was a dream come true for me. The car was stunning - so light on its toes.
"It was dancing around the mountain and Chris was driving it beautifully."
He added: "It's such a shame we didn't finish the test, but these things happen."
BBC handout photo of a car that was being driven by Top Gear presenters Chris Harris and Eddie Jordan in Monaco, as they have escaped without injury after it burst into flames during filming.
A spokesman for the BBC Two show said: "There was an incident during filming in Monaco last Monday morning with an Alpine that led to a fire taking hold of the main vehicle - which Alpine is now investigating.
"Thankfully Chris Harris and passenger Eddie Jordan, both exited the stationary vehicle unhurt."
The motoring show, led by Friends star Matt LeBlanc, will return to screens later this year for its 25th series.
featured, The WTTS Blog
WTTS is ringing in 2017 by playing exactly 2,017 songs… in alphabetical order! WTTS A To Z is back. Our annual musical tradition starts on Monday, January 9th. The very first song will play at 7am. Hear 2,017 songs hand-picked by the WTTS staff, all in alphabetical order! WTTS A To Z is presented by Dreyer & Reinbold.
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 5:45 pm |
Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)
The Federal Reserve's first meeting under Jerome Powell's leadership will likely end Wednesday with an announcement that the Fed will resume its modest interest rate hikes.
But investors will be most attuned to what Powell signals at his first news conference about whether and how he might steer the Fed's policymaking differently from his predecessor, Janet Yellen. Will he, for example, be inclined to step up the pace of Fed rate hikes?
Powell hasn't yet tipped his hand. Speaking to Congress last month, the new chairman said his “personal outlook” on the economy had strengthened since December, when the Fed's policymakers collectively forecast three rate hikes for 2018, the same as in 2017. That comment helped send stocks tumbling because it suggested that the Fed might be about to accelerate the gradual pace it had pursued under Yellen. More aggressive rate increases would likely slow the economy and make stocks less appealing.
Yet when he testified to Congress again two days later, Powell tempered his view: He stressed that the Fed still thinks it has room to maintain a moderate pace of rate hikes, in part to allow Americans' average wages, which have stagnated for years, to pick up. The impression was that he might not favor raising rates faster than Yellen did after all — at least not yet.
That said, few doubt that the Fed will announce when its policy meeting concludes that it will resume raising rates, after having most recently done so in December. A healthy job market and a steady if unspectacular economy have given the Fed the confidence to think the economy can withstand further increases within a still historically low range of borrowing rates.
The financial markets have been edgy for weeks, and Powell's back-and-forth comments have been only one factor. A sharp rise in wage growth reported in the government's January jobs report triggered fears that higher labor costs would lead to higher inflation and, ultimately, to higher interest rates. Stocks sank on the news. But subsequent reports on wages and inflation have been milder, and the markets appear to have stabilized.
The February jobs report pointed to an unusually robust labor market: Employers added 313,000 jobs, the largest monthly gain in 1½ years. The unemployment rate remained at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent.
Other measures of the economy, though, have been more sluggish. Consumer spending, the economy's primary fuel, has slowed this year and has led many economists to downgrade their forecasts for growth in the January-March quarter. Some now envision an annual growth rate of just 1.7 percent for the quarter.
Forecasts for all of 2018, though, still predict an acceleration later this year, driven in part by the stimulative effect of the sweeping tax cuts President Donald Trump pushed through Congress in December and a budget agreement in January to raise government spending by $300 billion over two years.
If economic growth does pick up and the job market remains healthy, the Powell Fed is viewed as likely to accelerate its rate hikes, from the three it projected in December to four this year. Even after five rate increases over the past 27 months, the Fed's benchmark rate remains in a still-low range of 1.25 percent to 1.5 percent, up from a record low near zero as recently as December 2015. The Fed's slighter higher key rate has, however, contributed to higher consumer loan rates, including for home mortgages.
Some economists say they think Powell will try to demonstrate at the start of his tenure that he is serious about keeping inflation under control, a central responsibility for any Fed leader.
“Powell will want to make sure he establishes his credentials as an anti-inflation chairman,” said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University, Channel Islands.
Besides announcing its rate decision Wednesday, the Fed will update its quarterly forecasts, which will show its expectations for growth, unemployment, inflation and the expected pace of its rate increases over the next three years. Even if the Fed doesn't explicitly predict four rate hikes for 2018, it could effectively signal as much by upgrading its expectations for growth.
The Fed's December estimate for economic growth in 2018, as measured by the gross domestic product, was 2.5 percent, an upgrade from its 2.1 percent forecast of three months earlier. Now, with the tax cuts and spending increases in place, might the Fed raise that growth forecast even further?
In his news conference after the Fed's meeting ends, Powell will be able to shape perceptions of the central bank's likely direction under his stewardship. It won't be without risk. Any serious misstep could unnerve global financial markets. But Powell's testimony to Congress last month drew strong reviews.
“Powell delivered a solid performance before Congress, worthy of William McChesney Martin,” said David Jones, an economist who has written books on the Fed, referring to the longest-serving Fed chairman, whose tenure stretched from 1951 until 1970. The plain-spoken Martin once suggested that the Fed's key function was to take away the “punch bowl” just when the party is really warming up.
“Powell is well-prepared for this job, and I think he will be a Martin-type guy who will describe the Fed's actions in plain, understandable terms,” Jones said.
Police in south suburban Alsip are said a 77-year-old woman died after being attacked by her dog Monday.Police said officers responded to a call around 3:30 p.m. for a person being attacked by a dog in the back yard of a home in the 11600-block of South Komensky Avenue.When they arrived, police said the dog was aggressive towards them and had to be put down.Police tried to render aid to the victim, but she was pronounced dead at the scene.Police said the victim was a 77-year-old woman who lived at the home where the attack occurred, and that the dog was a 6-year-old pit bull that was a pet at the residence.There were no prior complaints about the dog or any prior contact by police because of the dog, according to the Alsip police department.The victim has not been publicly identified.
Luv S Sinha, who is stepping into Bollywood with “Paltan” as an actor, had a great time working with actor Sonu Sood in the film, and says he brings out the best in his co-stars.
The son of veteran actor and politician Shatrughan Sinha and brother of actress Sonakshi Sinha bonded with Sonu over health and fitness as well.
“Sonu sir helped all of us out during the shoot and we had a great time working together. We used to wake up early and work out together during the shoot,” Luv said in a statement to IANS.
“He was very supportive. He gave me a lot of tips while working out and also suggested that I start training with his trainer (with) who I have been working out for sometime now. He is a very generous and confident performer who brings out the best in his co actors in every scene,” he added.
Filmmaker J.P. Dutta's “Paltan” will release on September 7. It is based on the Nathu La and Cho La military clashes of 1967 which took place along the Sikkim border.
The film also features Siddhanth Kapoor, Arjun Rampal and Harshvardhan Rane.
There's an unplanned experiment going on in the northern Rocky Mountains. What's happening is that spring is arriving earlier, and it's generally warmer and drier than usual. And that's messing with some of the fish that live there.
The fish is the iconic cutthroat trout. It's a native North American fish that thrives in cold, small streams. Explorer Meriwether Lewis of Lewis and Clark Expedition fame was among the first European-Americans to catch this spangly, spotted fish. He used deer spleen as bait.
It's relative rarity now makes it a favorite for catch-and-release anglers. But biologists have now found that it's in danger. The much more common rainbow trout is invading cutthroat streams and mating with the native fish. Ecologist Clint Muhlfeld says that creates hybrids.
"It jumbles up the genes that are linked to the locally adapted traits that these fish have evolved with," says Muhlfeld, who's with the U.S. Geological Survey and the University of Montana's Flathead Lake Biological Station.
Those traits have allowed cutthroats to survive through millennia in cold northern streams. And cold streams were thought to protect them from rainbows, which prefer warmer water.
But climate change is warming many high-altitude streams, and they frequently have less water, another change that favors rainbows. So they're moving in.
Muhlfeld says that when rainbows and cutthroats breed, the resulting hybrids are feeble — "less fit," in biological terms. "They don't survive as well as the native fish," he says. And hybrids that do survive continue to make more hybrids; there's no going back to making cutthroats again.
Writing in the journal Global Change Biology, Muhlfeld and a team of scientists from several research institutions studied fish in hundreds of locations in the northern Rockies. Hybridization was widespread. It was most common in places where fish and game departments have introduced rainbow trout, a practice that goes back to the 19th century.
Some states are trying to solve the problem by getting rid of rainbow trout. That might not please some anglers, but Muhlfeld says the cutthroat species could disappear otherwise.
"There are so many places around the world where you can go catch a rainbow trout," he says; it's been introduced all over the world. "There are very few places where you can actually go and catch a native fish that's been around for thousands and thousands of years.
"Extinction is permanent. Once the native genomes and adaptive traits are gone, they are gone forever."
Sri Lanka vs India 2017: MS Dhoni is not an automatic choice, concedes MSK Prasad
It is good to see a national selector elaborating every single decision of a team selection
@MadridistaSays by Vignesh Ananthasubramanian News 14 Aug 2017, 14:38 IST
MS Dhoni will have his task cut out when he takes the field against Sri Lanka
What's the story?
Indian selector MSK Prasad made an interesting statement about former skipper MS Dhoni by conceding that the wicketkeeper-batsman is not an automatic choice when it comes to selection going into the 2019 World Cup.
Talking to the media in Sri Lanka a day after the squad for the ODI and the T20I series was announced, Prasad admitted that he wants to see how Dhoni plays in the next few matches before taking a call on him and drew comparisons between the World Cup winning captain and Tennis great Andre Agassi.
"Agassi's real career only started after the age of 30. He went on to win many titles. Dhoni is not an automatic choice, but let's see how he goes," MSK Prasad.
Extra cover: Yuvraj Singh rested, not dropped for Sri Lanka, says Chairman of selectors
He also pointed out that Rishabh Pant is one of the players to watch out for in the build up to the 2019 World Cup and the selectors want him to give more chances in the T20s first and figure out his progress, something they did successfully with Hardik Pandya.
"Rishabh Pant is one of the players to watch out for. He didn't have a great South Africa tour. We are looking to give him more chances in the T20 format. Just like Hardik Pandya, we will start with the T20 format and then figure out Pant's progress," Prasad added.
In case you didn't know...
MS Dhoni has been picked in the 15-member Indian squad that will take on Sri Lanka in the ODI and the one-off T20 that will begin on August 20 at the Rangiri Dambulla stadium in Dambulla.
The squad also features the likes of Manish Pandey, Rohit Sharma, KL Rahul, Jasprit Bumrah and Yuzi Chahal coming back into the squad while the likes of Dinesh Karthik, Yuvraj Singh, Rishabh Pant, R Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja, Umesh Yadav and Mohammad Shami have been rested.
Details
Dhoni has been struggling to get going over the last few matches and there were some calls for his retirement from the format to give chances for youngsters ahead of the 2019 World Cup.
Prasad also stated that Yuvraj Singh was not dropped but was rested from the team and there will be a new fitness parameter in place to choose who all are eligible to represent India in the future. A player who fails to pass the fitness will not be included irrespective of his status in the team.
He also gave away that KL Rahul will bat at number 4 and there are a bunch of 22-24 players who will be given a brief run in the build up to the World Cup.
Also read: KL Rahul will bat at No.4 in Sri Lanka ODIs, says MSK Prasad
Video
Author's Take
It is good to see a national selector elaborating every single decision of a team selection and giving valid reasons for why a player has been picked or dropped.
By mentioning about Dhoni's selection, he has sent out a strong message to Dhoni himself and others who are competing against him for a place in the team.
Now, the onus is on Dhoni to prove why his he deserves a spot in the team in the series against Sri Lanka and if he fails, the fans should be prepared to see their beloved player out of the team.
A A A
Fed raises key rate and unveils plan to reduce bond holdings
By MARTIN CRUTSINGER
, AP Economics Writer
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting. The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting. The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting. The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting. The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen listens to a question in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting. The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) . . 1 of 5 . . More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year, which could cause long-term rates to rise.
The increase in the Fed's short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers. The Fed foresees one additional rate hike this year but gave no hint of when that might occur.
The overarching message the Fed sent Wednesday was an upbeat one: It believes the U.S. economy is on firm footing as it enters its ninth year of recovery from the Great Recession, with little risk of a recession. Though the economy is growing only sluggishly and though inflation remains chronically below the Fed's 2 percent target, it foresees improvement in both measures over time.
And the most important pillar of the economy — the job market — remains solid if slowing, with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent — even below the level the Fed associates with full employment.
The Fed's decision to raise rates, announced in a statement after its latest policy meeting, was approved 8-1, with Neel Kashkari, head of the Fed's Minneapolis regional bank, dissenting in favor of holding rates unchanged.
The announcement that the Fed plans to begin paring its balance sheet later this year — "provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated" — involves its enormous portfolio of Treasury and mortgage bonds. The Fed began buying the bonds after the Great Recession to try to depress long-term loan rates. That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $4.5 trillion.
On Wednesday, the Fed said it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process. This process could put upward pressure on long-term borrowing rates.
The Fed would start with monthly reductions in Treasury holdings of no more than $6 billion and $4 billion in mortgage bonds. Those figures would rise in increments over a year until they reached $30 billion a month in Treasurys and $20 billion in mortgage bonds.
"With the Fed stating its intentions to start reducing the size of the balance sheet this year, it is offering a clear vote of confidence for the economy," said Curt Long, chief economist of the National Association of Federally Insured Credit Unions.
The Fed also issued updated economic forecasts that showed it foresees one additional rate increase this year to follow Wednesday's increase and an earlier rate hike in March.
The rate forecast, based on individual projections from each member, envisions three more rate hikes in 2018 and three more in 2019. By then, the Fed's forecast would put its key policy rate at 3 percent. That's the level the Fed believes is a neutral rate — neither stimulating growth nor restraining it.
But the Fed's forecasts are only predictions and are frequently revised as its assessments evolve. Some economists suggested that even though the Fed foresees one more rate hike this year, the persistently low inflation may lead it to leave rates alone until 2018. Some also note that political paralysis in Washington has raised doubts about whether Congress will increase the nation's borrowing limit and pass a new budget. That possibility, too, could lead the Fed to wait.
Another rate hike this year is "becoming less of a sure thing as every month of data comes out," said Michael Dolega, senior economist at TD Economics. If inflation doesn't pick up, he said, the Fed will find that raising rates and reducing its balance sheet is "going to be a difficult maneuver."
The Fed's revised forecasts reduced its estimate for unemployment by year's end to 4.3 percent from a March projection of 4.5 percent. Unemployment has already reached a 16-year low of 4.3 percent.
The Fed kept forecast for economic growth this year of 2.2 percent, up slightly from its March forecast, with growth of 2.1 percent in 2018 and 1.9 percent in 2019. Those forecasts are far below the 3 percent annual growth the Trump administration has said it can achieve through tax cuts, deregulation and tougher enforcement of trade rules to protect American jobs.
The central bank updated its inflation projections to take account of a slowdown. It forecast that prices will rise just 1.6 percent this year, down from a March forecast of 1.9 percent. The Fed still foresees prices, as measured by a gauge tied to consumer spending, rising 2 percent in 2018 and 2019, achieving its target.
President Donald Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed's influential board, and those new members, depending on who they are, could alter its rate-setting policy.
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the vacancies. They include Randal Quarles, a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations, for the vice chairman's job of overseeing bank regulation. Marvin Goodfriend, an economist at Carnegie Mellon University, has been mentioned for another board spot, and Robert Jones, chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana, reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker.
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more "hawkish" stance. Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles. By contrast, "doves" favor the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen, favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment.
Yellen, the first woman to lead the Fed, is serving a term that will end in February. So far, Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether he plans to nominate her for a second term.
___
AP Economics Writer Paul Wiseman contributed to this report.
People keep suggesting that democracy is alive and well because we have two parties that don't agree on everything. I think that's total bullshit.” When you meet Cathy O'Neil, a data scientist and author, you quickly discover she isn't exactly convinced about the health of the US's electoral system.
A Harvard PhD graduate in mathematics and actively involved in the Occupy movement, O'Neil's experience is crucial to her new book: Weapons of Math Destruction describes the way that math can be manipulated by biases and affect every aspect of our lives.
As well as questioning the two-party system in the US, she's also looked at how mathematics has been used in the housing and banking sector to affect our lives via her blog mathbabe for more than a decade. So what's her problem with good old American democracy in 2016?
“Democracy is more than a two-party system. It's an informed public and that's what's at risk,” she says. “The debates are where you would hope to find out real information, but they're just talking about their dick size … The algorithms are making it harder and harder to get good information.” And algorithms, rule-based processes for solving mathematical problems, are being applied to more and more areas of our lives.
This idea is at the heart of O'Neil's thinking on why algorithms can be so harmful. In theory, mathematics is neutral – two plus two equals four regardless of what anyone wishes the answer was. But in practice, mathematical algorithms can be formulated and tweaked based on powerful interests.
O'Neil saw those interests first hand when she was a quantitative analyst on Wall Street. Starting in 2007, O'Neil spent four years in finance, two of them working for a hedge fund. There she saw the use of weapons of math destruction, a term O'Neil uses to describe “algorithms that are important, secret and destructive”. The algorithms that ultimately caused the financial crisis meet all of those criteria – they affected large numbers of people, were entirely opaque and destroyed lives.
“I left disgusted by finance because I thought of it as a rigged system and it was rigged for the insiders,” says O'Neil. “I was ashamed by that – as a mathematician I love math and I think math is a tool for good.”
Among the many examples of powerful formulas that O'Neil cites in her book, political polling doesn't come up, even though this election cycle has made polling's power more talked about than ever before. So is it dangerous? Could polling be a weapon of math destruction?
She pauses – “I'm not sure” – then she pauses some more. “I think polling is a weapon of math destruction,” she says. “Nobody really understands it, it's incredibly widespread and powerful.” We discuss the success of Nate Silver, the founder and editor-in-chief of FiveThirtyEight (a site I spent almost two years working at). Silver has positioned himself as one of the few people who does understand polling, and as such he's been christened as a soothsayer and savant. We're desperate for math answers, which is part of the reason we ended up here, according to O'Neil.
“You don't see a lot of skepticism,” she says. “The algorithms are like shiny new toys that we can't resist using. We trust them so much that we project meaning on to them.”
That desperation is potentially very damaging to democracy. Increasingly the public is informed about polling data, not policy information, when deciding who to elect. “It's self-referential,” O'Neil explains.
Like so many algorithms, political polls have a feedback loop – the more we hear a certain candidate is ahead in the polls, the more we recognize their name and the more we see them as electorally viable.
O'Neil's book explains how other mathematical models do a similar thing – such as the ones used to measure the likelihood an individual will relapse into criminal behavior. When someone is classed as “high risk”, they're more likely to get a longer sentence and find it harder to find a job when they eventually do get out. That person is then more likely to commit another crime, and so the model looks like it got it right.
And then there are those biases. Contrary to popular opinion that algorithms are purely objective, O'Neil explains in her book that “models are opinions embedded in mathematics”. Think Trump is a hopeless candidate? That will affect your calculations. Think black American men are all criminal thugs? That affects the models being used in the criminal justice system, too.
Ultimately algorithms, according to O'Neil, reinforce discrimination and widen inequality, “using people's fear and trust of mathematics to prevent them from asking questions”. The seemingly contradictory words “fear” and “trust” leap out to me: how many other things do we both fear and trust, except perhaps for fate or God? O'Neil agrees. “I think it has a few hallmarks of worship – we turn off parts of our brain, we somehow feel like it's not our duty, not our right to question this.”
But sometimes it's hard for non-statisticians to know which questions to ask. O'Neil's advice is to be persistent. “People should feel more entitled to push back and ask for evidence, but they seem to fold a little too quickly when they're told that it's complicated,” she says. If someone feels that they some formula has affected their lives, “at the very least they should be asking, how do you know that this is legal? That it isn't discriminatory?'”
But often we don't even know where to look for those important algorithms, because by definition the most dangerous ones are also the most secretive. That's why the catalogue of case studies in O'Neil's book are so important; she's telling us where to look.
Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy is out now and published by Crown.
Mona Chalabi is data editor at Guardian US. She previously worked at FiveThirtyEight, the Bank of England, the Economist Intelligence Unit, Transparency International and the International Organisation for Migration. Follow her on Twitter @MonaChalabi and on Instagram @Mona_Chalabi.
HOUSTON -- Sure, blame manager John Farrell. But understand the players deserve more blame. They are failing under pressure for a second straight postseason.
It's not over yet, obviously. We've seen previous Red Sox teams pull off crazier comebacks. This beaten club returns to Boston down 2-0 in its best-of-five ALDS vs. Houston.
The Red Sox lost 8-2 to the Astros in Game 2 on Friday here at Minute Maid Park after losing by the same score in Game 1.
Farrell made some mistakes in the two blowouts:
1). Rafael Devers should have been in the Game 2 starting lineup. Farrell played weak-hitting utility infielder Deven Marrero at third base. Marrero struck out twice in his overmatched at-bats vs. lefty Dallas Keuchel.
Meanwhile, Devers went 20-for-50 (.400) vs. left-handed pitchers during the regular season -- and remember that ninth-inning homer off Yankees closer Aroldis Chapman in the Bronx?
As noted Monday on MassLive.com, Devers is one of the Red Sox's only pure power threats. One swing of his bat could change a game completely. Boston hit the fewest home runs (168) of any AL team this year. The Sox need his game-changing power.
2). Farrell's decision to bring back Sale for the sixth inning in Game 1 after allowing five runs in the first five innings not only allowed the Astros to break the game open. It also built up Sale's pitch count to 100, making him unlikely to start on three-days rest in a potential Game 4.
3). If you want to nitpick (OK, let's do it), a Game 2 comeback still seemed manageable during the sixth with the Red Sox down 4-1. Farrell opted for Eduardo Rodriguez -- who has pitched just one inning of relief in his entire major league career -- instead of one of his experienced relievers.
Rodriguez allowed a single to Marwin Gonzalez. He hit Brian McCann with a pitch.
Addison Reed -- who should have started the inning -- relieved Rodriguez after the McCann at-bat. The Astros put a four spot on the board during the sixth -- which put Game 2 out of reach.
Sure, Farrell deserves some blame. But the players deserve more. They are failing under pressure for a second straight postseason.
Starting pitchers Chris Sale and Drew Pomeranz combined to allow 11 runs, all earned, 14 hits and five homers in 7 innings.
Same thing as last year when the three Red Sox starters (Rick Porcello, David Price, Clay Buchholz) allowed 12 runs, 18 hits and four homers in 11 2/3 innings as the Indians swept Boston.
The Red Sox offense, meanwhile, has gone 15-for-66 (.227) this series with just four extra-base hits. The Astros are 24-for-70 (.343) with 11 extra-base hits (six homers).
Quite similar to last year when the Red Sox offense went 21-for-98 (.214) in its ALDS series against the Indians.
The Red Sox are on the brink of a second straight sweep.
These players need to step up and show they can handle October. The atrocious starting pitching is the scariest part of all.
No team has a chance if it is playing from behind every playoff game. That has been the case this year and last.
According to the recently released World Happiness Survey 2018, “Happiness can change, and does change, according to the quality of the society in which people live.” India which ranks 133 out of 156 countries in this report is a nation which will by year 2020 become the youngest country. In order to understand what is it about India and its society that brings joy to its people, on this International Day of Happiness, we asked a few millennials what makes them happy about the country and why. Our diversity is the source of happiness for many.
“While the world struggles to figure out how to address climate change and reduce consumerism, I'm optimistic when I look at our adivasi communities. The 105 million indigenous peoples of India are the best examples of sustainability, low resource consumption and living in unison with nature and wildlife. We have so much to learn from them.”
—Ankush Vengurlekar, 35, curator, Adivasi Lives Matter
Varun Sheth, CEO, Ketta, a crowdfunding platform.
“I am happy to see that India is now opening up to the idea of crowd-funding. It's wonderful to see people wanting to help people that they don't know and believing in the power of the crowd.”
—Varun Sheth, 30, CEO, Ketta, a crowdfunding platform
Pooja Dhingra, founder CEO, Le 15 Patisserie.
“Travelling within India makes me the happiest. Trying different foods and really immersing myself in different cultures makes me feel like I have so much more to see and do in my country.”
—Pooja Dhingra, 31, founder CEO, Le 15 Patisserie, Mumbai
Ramesh Dhami, co-founder and director, GreenSole.
“The way India has developed over the last few years makes me happy especially since I see young entrepreneurs working in innovative ways to protect the environment. Though, as a sportsperson and runner, I think the system is not anything to be proud of, but we are improving slowly.”
—Ramesh Dhami, 24, co-founder and director, GreenSole and a runner
Azhar Iqubal, CEO and co-founder, Inshorts Medialabs Pvt. Ltd.
“One of the most fascinating things about India are the diversity among its people. It makes me happy to see that despite the diverse ideals and backgrounds, India manages to function as a single unit.”
—Azhar Iqubal, 25, CEO and co-founder, Inshorts Medialabs Pvt. Ltd
Khyati Mashru, founder and chief financial coach, Plantrich Consultancy LLP.
“Contentment and ambition both co-exist here. Faith is the umbilical cord that binds me to my mantras, and fuels my happiness. Everything works out in the end. If it hasn't worked out yet, then it's not the end. Picture abhi baki hain!”
— Khyati Mashru, 31, founder and chief financial coach, Plantrich Consultancy LLP
Shweta Tripathi, actor.
“I look for happiness in moments, places, people, myself. The binding power of food in this county makes me happy—the momos here, the idlis there. Even if the person making it doesn't speak your language, the love with which they feed you is the same. All the places I've been to in this county have left a little bit of them in me.”
—Shweta Tripathi, 32, actor
Shubh Bansal, co-founder and chief of marketing and growth, Truebil.
“India makes me immensely happy because the way its people fit in together, overcoming their differences, challenges and the immense potential that working at the grassroots and connecting to the Internet and each other holds.”
—Shubh Bansal, 28, co-founder and chief of marketing and growth, Truebil.
MOSCOW (Reuters) – The Russian Defence Ministry has drawn up a draft law allowing it to ban soldiers from posting certain personal data on social networks, something that reporters and researchers have used in the past to monitor Russia's activities in Syria and Ukraine. euronews-en 4:15:00 PM CEST
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Valentine's Day is all about romance, flowers, chocolates, kisses and Cupid… or a last-minute trip to the petrol station for those who've forgotten what day it is.
So surely it's nothing to do with cold, logical science?
Wrong, as BBC Focus magazine shows in a special Valentine Q&A about the theory of smooching and other burning issues of the heart...
Is there any science behind love at first sight?
We all know the story: two pairs of eyes meet across a crowded room and the rest is history. But it turns out there may be some science behind this instant connection. In 2014, researchers asked students to look at a series of photos of attractive strangers while having their eye movements tracked.
When the students reported feeling romantic love , their eyes tended to fix on the stranger's face. When it was sexual desire they felt, however, their eyes strayed over the rest of the person's body. In other words, our eye movements can signal whether it's love or simply lust that we're feeling.
Why do humans show affection by kissing?
It's not just humans that enjoy a smooch… lots of animals have courtship behaviours involving the mouth. Pigeons touch beaks, cats and dogs nuzzle each other, and male fruit flies lick the females.
At the most basic level, kissing is just a way of tasting and touching a potential mate, as part of the process of assessing suitability.
In primates, though, kissing might also be a behaviour that has transferred from maternal feeding.
Kissing is virtually universal in all human cultures, so it's possible it is instinctive. But we generally have sex face to face and with our mouths already close together, so it's an easy behaviour to stumble upon.
Can chocolate make us happy?
(Photo: Getty)
A 1996 study found chocolate caused the release of endorphins in women's brains, making them feel happy. Chocolate does contain a number of compounds associated with mood-lifting chemicals.
But most are present only in small quantities, and some scientists say they are probably almost entirely digested before they reach the brain. It may be the experience of eating chocolate that releases endorphins and “happy feelings” more than the content of the chocolate itself.
What's the weirdest Valentine's present?
(Photo: Getty)
If you're struggling for gift ideas, why not take inspiration from the male red velvet mite? These arachnids will attempt to woo a potential mate by building a “love garden” – an intricate structure of twigs and leaves held together with adhesive sperm. A sperm castle, if you will.
If the female accepts this lovingly crafted sculpture, she will climb on top of it and impregnate herself.
Makes a change from chocolates, anyway…
Why are people only attracted to certain types?
(Photo: Getty)
Men tend to seek more short-term relationships and look for physical attractiveness. Women also seek good-looking, short-term mates, but in the long term they are more interested in seeking a man who will provide for them and any children.
There are trade-offs between looks and health, and the desire to find someone similar in education, religion, intelligence, and wanting a family. Few people are aware of these underlying reasons, yet the same effects have been measured in 37 cultures across six continents.
Is love more likely to bloom in hot weather?
It may flourish when the sun shines. In a 2013 French study, five 20-year-old men set out to ask for women's phone numbers, approaching those in the street who appeared to be aged 18-25. When the sun was shining, 22% of women gave out their numbers, compared with 14% on cloudy days.
Bright sunshine lowers levels of sleep hormone melatonin and increases levels of serotonin in the brain, leading to a better mood. So both the men and women probably felt more cheerful and inclined to take a chance. The temperature was about the same on the different days so it was likely the sun, not the heat, that did the trick.
What's the secret to online dating success?
Unsurprisingly, your photo is key – people say they draw more information about someone's personality from their photo than their words. A 2016 study found that an open posture is important, so those leaning back or spreading their arms were more likely to receive romantic interest. With the words, stick to a 70:30 ratio of who you are to what you're looking for.
Why are blue eyes considered attractive?
(Photo: Getty)
Only some people think they are. In an experiment that manipulated eye colour, women thought brown-eyed and blue-eyed men were equally attractive. And brown-eyed men thought brown-eyed and blue-eyed women were equally attractive. Only blue-eyed men preferred blue-eyed women.
This may seem odd but there could be a simple evolutionary reason. Blue eye colour behaves like a recessive trait. This means that to have blue eyes you must have inherited two copies of the genes from your parents. So if a blue-eyed man has children with a blue-eyed woman and one of the children has brown eyes, he knows it cannot be his own.
Are there chemical formulae for emotions like love, hate, anger, joy and jealousy?
Alas no, so put that love potion on hold. Although chemicals play an important part in mediating our emotional response, the interaction of various hormones with our current state of mind and memories is much too complicated to be captured in a simple formula. If you inject someone with adrenaline, they may feel the physiological sensation of anxiety, but whether this translates to the emotion of fear, anger or sexual arousal will depend on the circumstances.
Why do we close our eyes when we kiss?
Most people can't focus on anything as close as a face at kissing distance so closing your eyes saves you from looking at a distracting blur, or from the strain of trying to focus.
Kissing can also make us feel vulnerable or self-conscious and closing your eyes is a way of making yourself more relaxed. It's like turning out the light before having sex, but in miniature.
Randy Lewis, Gord Bose and John Schut use the radios and mapping equipment in Shuswap Volunteer Search and Rescue's mobile command centre. -File photo.
A missing teen was found safe after a nighttime search in Salmon Arm neighbourhoods on Oct. 5.
On Oct. 6 at approximately 8:45 p.m., the Salmon Arm RCMP were called about a missing person.
An 18-year-old man had been drinking with friends in the 1600 block of 30th Street NE when he became upset and ran off.
His friends became worried and looked for the teen for an hour and a half but were unable to locate him.
Concern for the safety of the man was exacerbated because when he ran off he was wearing only shorts and a hat.
When the constables arrived they were also concerned due to the threat of hypothermia because of the cold night temperature and his lack of warm clothing.
Police enlisted the assistance of Shuswap Search and Rescue to conduct an urban search.
The man was located by Search and Rescue close to midnight, cold and asleep, but otherwise physically unharmed.
The teen had climbed into a parked vehicle belonging to a company in Salmon Arm near the Trans-Canada and 30th Street NE.
“Thankfully, we have a well trained Search and Rescue team locally who are staffed with dedicated volunteers,” says Salmon Arm RCMP Staff Sgt. Scott West.
“These people give of their time at all hours of the day and night to locate lost people in the region. We owe them a heartfelt thank you for all that they do.”
5 better opponents for Goldberg at WrestleMania 33
Who really wants to see another rematch between Brock and Goldberg? Let's look at better possibilities.
@WWEBNRL by Brandon Lasher Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 11:43 IST
There are a lot of better choices for Goldberg at WrestleMania 33
It is now official. Goldberg has his match at WrestleMania 33 set. It is against Brock Lesnar who he has already squashed twice in the last three months. It is against the guy who he already fought at WrestleMania XX and bored us to tears in one of the most disappointing matches in Mania history.
I have seen Goldberg and Brock interact with each other multiple times and every time it has been disappointing. Add in the fact that it looks likely that the match will be for the WWE Universal Championship and we have an unnecessary rematch between two part-timers at the biggest stage of the year.
I think the WWE can do better. Since there is a pretty good chance this is the last potential match for Goldberg in the WWE, why waste it on a rematch we don't want to see? Why not use Goldberg's star power one last time for something far more interesting?
I present my list of the top five better opponents for Goldberg to face at WrestleMania 33:
#5 Braun Strowman
You could build future stars for the Raw Brand
Vince sure loves his big men, doesn't he? Braun is latest in a long line of unstoppable monsters who have run through rosters in the WWE. He has pretty much been booked as unstoppable in the last year on the Raw Brand.
The issue is that Braun needs some big matches to sell that image. He will have one big match with Roman at Fastlane but what happens to Strowman on the biggest stage in Orlando?
Also read: 5 opponents Goldberg should face in 2017
Whatever one thinks of Goldberg's wrestling ability at nearly 50 years old, you cannot deny the ratings boost and the crowd support that he has received in recent months. Since it looks like Vince wants Braun to be his monster heel for the next few years, why not use the outgoing Goldberg to do something meaningful?
Nothing would put Strowman over like taking on or taking down the former WCW star.
Sutton v Leyton Orient
Sutton takes on Leyton Orient on Saturday 5th August, 2017, with kickoff at 12:30. This match is currently being shown LIVE on BT Sports.
We must wait another week for our dose of Premier League football, which should give the hipsters just enough time to find a new insult to throw at the league now it isn't the home of stupid money anymore. While we wait, we can enjoy some non-League action as Sutton take on Leyton Orient in a game that is, for this level, pretty big time, especially for an opener.
If Sutton gets off to a good start they should fancy a win here, but Orient aren't likely to want to hang at this level for very long, so expect a real contest here.
Sutton v Leyton Orient is LIVE on BT Sports.
Staff Reporter
Food adulterators are enemies of society. A comprehensive and sustained campaign is required to defeat these anti social criminal elements. Mayor Islamabad and Chairman, Capital Development Authority (CDA), Sheikh Anser Aziz expressed these views while chairing a monthly review meeting of Directorate of Health Services.
Action against food adulterators should be made more effective, fruitful and result oriented, Mayor Islamabad and Chairman, CDA, Sheikh Anser Aziz further said. Meeting was informed that especially constituted teams of Health Services Directorate of the Authority, are raiding in the entire city to ensure provision of quality edible items as per required health standards during month of May.
Meeting was also informed that during the month of May, these teams have challaned 67 people and issued 88 notices to the violators of hygiene under sections of PPF Ordinance 1960. Moreover, substandard ketchup, 258 Utensils cracked, chipped, and broken were also confiscated and destroyed there and then while 29 food samples from different food outlets have also been collected and sent to laboratory for further for proper examination.
Mayor of Islamabad and Chairman CDA, Sheikh Anser Aziz has also directed the Directorate of Health Services to continue operation against sub-standard and adulterated food sellers. He has further directed to ensure the implementation of relevant rules and strict action against sub-standards, unhygienic and adulterated food sellers. He has further directed to submit daily progress report in this regard.
I held this contest partly because we've all heard so much commentary about Trump, and I figured that verse might offer a new lens through which to see our president. It also struck me that there are fears that Trump will slash budgets for the humanities and the arts, including the National Endowment for the Arts. So it seemed appropriate to applaud the artists fighting the perverse with verse — and in that spirit, I'll give the last word to Susan McLean, a poet and English professor at Southwest Minnesota State University: Trump seethes at what the writers say.
OUR country is undoubtedly blessed with immense potential of hydropower generation and after decades of neglect, it is a matter of great satisfaction that incumbent Chairman of WAPDA Lt-Gen (Retd) Muzammil Hussain is focusing on optimal utilization of water and hydropower resources — something which will not only help meet long-term power requirements of the country but also ensure availability of enough water for irrigation purpose.
Being an environment friendly hydropower project which will further reduce dependence on expensive thermal power and help save foreign exchange amounting to millions of dollars, the first unit of Golan Gol hydropower project has started providing electricity to the people in Chitral. The first unit producing 36 megawatts of electricity is in fact three times more than the present requirements of the area whilst this project will actually generate 108 megawatts of cheap electricity when its other two units will also be completed in March and May this year. Construction on this important project was started back in 2009 but like other projects it also faced long delays for various reasons. But since assuming office back in August 2016, the incumbent chairman WAPDA very vigorously made it his priority to complete this and other hydel projects such as Neelum Jhelum without further wastage of time in order to improve the ratio of hydel electricity in the national grid and help provide relief to the consumers. We expect that he will continue to move forward with the same vision and dedication to exploit the full hydel potential of the country that is estimated to be over fifty thousand megawatts. Recently we have also seen him expressing his concern over inability of the successive governments to launch any major water reservoir project and termed the early start of work on Diamer Basha dam very critical for the country. We understand that the government is facing problems to arrange finances for the mega project but given the water scarcity facing the country and the threats looming from India to stop flow of water, we will urge the government to accord top priority to the construction of Diamer Basha and other dams and arrange funds for them from the annual PSDP in order to ensure water and power security.
Related
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street's boss has promised to bring more racial diversity to the soap's cast.
Kate Oates has admitted that the show is dominated by white actors and also wants more writers from wider ethnic backgrounds.
She said: “In terms of reflecting diversity and showing black and Asian characters, yes, we absolutely need to do more of it. And we need more black and Asian writers, to bring out the truth of those voices. It's important to keep the show strong and relevant.”
A source at the soap said of its 70 or so regular characters, just a dozen are black, Asian or minority ethnic (BAME) – around 17% of the cast.
Corrie currently has a Muslim family, the Nazirs, with Sair Khan playing Alya Nazir, as well as several black actors.
(Image: PA)
(Image: RADIO TIMES)
Perhaps its most well-known BAME star is Jimmi Harkishin, who is of Indian descent and has played Dev Alahan since 1999. Oates, who took over as the show's producer from Stuart Blackburn last year, has been hailed by fans for bringing back popular characters, including Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne) and Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor).
(Image: RADIO TIMES)
She has also been praised for empowering female characters, with Bethany Platt (Lucy Fallon) taking action after being groomed for a sex ring by her partner Nathan Curtis (Chris Harper), and Eva Price (Catherine Tyldesley) plotting revenge on her cheating fiance Aidan Connor (Shayne Ward). Oates said: “The presence of strong women was the backbone of the show as Tony Warren created it.
“The tone and content of the stories have moved on, and so have the female characters, but that strength has still to be there for it to be truly Coronation Street.”
Oates also revealed that Alison King will return as Carla Connor at Christmas. She said: “It's time to break new ground with Carla.”
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with his former hairdresser. Greitens said his resignation would take effect Friday. (Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP)
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with his former hairdresser. Greitens said his resignation would take effect Friday. (Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP)
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - Analysts say Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens could find a political revival challenging, especially in a #MeToo environment where he would be vulnerable to attack for allegedly taking a compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair.
The Republican and former Navy SEAL officer has hinted at a possible political comeback, declaring during his resignation announcement Tuesday that "this is not the end of our fight."
He is stepping down Friday amid allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign violations but is still defiantly asserting that he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
Even though he's quitting amid scandal, some Greitens voters said they still like him. Retiree Wilma Nelson said she would be open to voting for Greitens again if he sought to re-enter politics.
Authorities are asking the public's help in identifying three women who allegedly stole nearly $5,000 worth of cosmetics from an Encinitas grocery store.
The trio of women entered the Vons at 262 North El Camino Real on May 23 and proceeded to steal 219 items totaling $4,973, according to the San Diego County Sheriff's Department's North Coastal Station.
Authorities said the women placed merchandise like cosmetics, shampoos and medicine into their purses. They then exited the store without paying for any items, the Sheriff's Department said.
Surveillance video captured the incident, and Vons Loss Prevention believes the women are known shoplifters, according to authorities.
The Sheriff's Department has not released suspect information but did provide the above image captured from surveillance video. A vehicle description was also unknown and no weapons were seen.
Anyone with information about the women is asked to call the North Coastal Patrol Station at 760-966-3500.
MILWAUKEE — Right-hander Alex Reyes was activated from the 60-day disabled list by the St. Louis Cardinals after recovering from Tommy John surgery and was set to start against Milwaukee in his first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016.
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago, beating the Chicago Cubs three times and striking out 52 in 46 innings. Reyes felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals head orthopedic physician Dr. George Paletta.
23-year-old right-hander, Reyes was 3-0 with a 0.00 ERA in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria, Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis. He struck out 44 in 23 innings.
Right-hander Mike Mayers was optioned to Memphis before Wednesday's game and right-hander Dominic Leone, out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation, was transferred to the 60-day disabled list.
Alpha Male XL researching testosterone boosting supplements, you may find that whilst you get the testosterone from some of those products it enables to boost your muscle growth as well as your education depth. they're merchandise that are used by many extraordinary frame developers and it allows decreasing frame fat and decrease the recuperation time after a tough workout. you'll also discover that a lot of those merchandise have http://jackedmuscleextremeadvice.com/alpha-male-xl/
Alek Minassian has appeared in court charged with 10 counts of murder over Tuesday's deadly attack
B.C. voters will be given three new voting systems to choose from in the mail-in referendum on proportional representation this fall.
Attorney General David Eby has decided the ballot will contain two questions, the first being a choice between the current “first past the post” system for choosing MLAs, and a proportional representation system.
The second question is a choice of three systems, determined after review of more than 90,000 submissions. They are:
• Dual member proportional, where neighbouring pairs of districts in B.C. would be combined into one two-member constituencies, except for the larger rural districts, which would remain unchanged.
• Mixed member proportional, which combines single-member districts with party list candidates, added to give each party the number of seats determined by their share of the province-wide vote in an election.
• Rural-urban proportional representation, with multi-member districts for urban and semi-urban areas, with voters choosing their MLA on a ranked ballot. In rural areas, a mixed-member proportional system using candidate lists chosen by parties would be used.
The complexity of the options means voters will not have an official map of the new voting districts when they make their choice. Eby said if voters choose to change to a new system, the district boundaries would be determined by the independent Electoral Boundaries Commission.
B.C. Liberal leader Andrew Wilkinson called the options an “alphabet soup” of systems, some never heard of before. He said Premier John Horgan broke two promises, including one in last year's election campaign to offer people a simple yes-or-no choice.
The other was that regional representation would be protected in the referendum, which will now be decided in a simple majority of province-wide results where rural regions of the province are vastly outnumbered by urban centres.
“You'll notice that they've launched this question the day before the legislature is scheduled to rise for the summer,” Wilkinson said. “That is a sleazy and manipulative step that they've taken to avoid public debate on this issue.”
Eby said his recommendation to cabinet is that parties that receive less than five per cent of the total popular vote would not get an MLA.
He said organizations in favour of proportional representation and in favour of the current system are “ready to go” and he hopes to have the formal campaign underway as soon as Elections BC can administer it.
Advocacy organizations will have a spending limit of $200,000 each and political parties will be subject to the same restrictions as an election, with no corporate or union donations permitted.
Details of the options are in the government's release here.
Canadian mining stocks helped give the main Toronto stock index some lift in late-morning trading, while U.S. stocks were mixed.
The S&P/TSX composite index was up 15.94 points to 16,112.01, after 90 minutes of trading.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.02 points to 24,321.14. The S&P 500 index was up 2.05 points to 2,653.55 and the Nasdaq composite index was up 11.79 points to 6,851.87.
The Canadian dollar was trading at 77.82 cents U.S., up from an average price of 77.76 cents U.S. on Friday.
The January crude contract was up 20 cents to $57.56 (U.S.) per barrel and the January natural gas contract was up five cents to $2.82 per mmBTU.
Accusations of sexual misconduct prompted the resignation of Progressive Conservative leader Patrick Brown last month, forcing a contest to determine who will carry the Tory banner against Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne.
Doug Ford, brother of late Toronto mayor Rob Ford, will hold a rally to kick off his effort to helm a party reeling from allegations that have left it without a leader just months before a provincial election.
One of the most polarizing figures in Ontario politics is officially launching his bid for the leadership of the provincial Tories on Saturday, with an expected attack on both the party he hopes to lead and the one he wants to topple.
Ford, who was the first to announce his candidacy, says it's time to wrest control of the party from “elites” and speak up for people he feels have been shortchanged by Wynne's government.
Political observers say the combination of name recognition, a well-defined message and open disdain for an unpopular government mean Ford could mount a credible challenge for the Tory leadership.
“Doug Ford can't be underestimated in this race,” said Rob Leone, a former Progressive Conservative member of the Ontario legislature and current political science professor at Western University.
Leone said Ford, who was a city councillor until a failed mayoral bid in 2014, has a leg up thanks to an established ground game and support organization, which could be key assets as leadership hopefuls scramble to meet a tight, five-week timeline. Voting to choose the new leader begins March 2, with results to be unveiled March 10.
“The advantage of having a defined brand is it allows people to identify with that brand,” he said. “It allows them to sign up to join that team and that movement. I think that when you have a less established brand, it becomes harder to do.”
Leone said Ford may even have what it takes to find traction beyond the greater Toronto area. In a province where Wynne's Liberals have taken a beating in the polls over consumer-friendly issues such as rising electricity rates, he said Ford's messages may find favour “in all pockets of the province.”
A recent study between The Canadian Press and EKOS Research, for instance, identified one Ontario community as the most likely in the country to respond to a populist movement.
In the national poll, 38 per cent of respondents in Oshawa held viewpoints suggesting they had a negative perception of their own economic outlook and the prospects for the next generation's, as well as a sense they're not getting ahead. Those themes figure prominently in Ford's political rhetoric. The results were well ahead of the national average.
Laure Paquette, a political science professor at Lakehead University, agreed that Ford would likely find support in more far-flung areas of the province that have voiced discontent with the status quo.
Paquette said Ford's name is known in northern Ontario, and his populist message will “play well” relative to the more moderate tone expected by declared contenders such as former MPP Christine Elliott.
But Paquette said Ford's appeal to a specific type of voter won't be enough to help him carry the day, saying party members may choose to focus on a leader with a better shot of defeating Wynne.
Paquette said Ford's message will also likely be overshadowed by what is expected to be a faceoff between Elliott and Caroline Mulroney, the daughter of a former prime minister who is widely expected to announce her own candidacy in the coming days.
“I think he's going to get drowned out,” she said. “The donnybrook between Caroline and Christine Elliott will be one for the ages.”
Wellington
Shot put queen Valerie Adams received one of New Zealand's highest awards on Saturday, being made a dame in the New Year honours list.
The four-time World champion, double Olympic gold medallist and one of New Zealand's most popular sports stars, has been made a dame companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to athletics.
“Thank You NZ. Very honoured and humbled to be bestowed this award,” Adams tweeted.
At 32, Adams is the youngest person to be made a dame or knight in New Zealand. World squash champion Dame Susan Devoy and Mt Everest conqueror Sir Edmund Hillary were both 34 when they were honoured.
A dame or knight companion is the country's third highest honour behind the Order of New Zealand, which is restricted to 20 living members, and the knights and dames grand companion, which is limited to 30 living people.
Adams finished second to American Michelle Carter at the Rio Olympics this year but she said that was not a sign her stellar career was on the wane.
“One thing I have said is that I'm not done yet so watch this space,” she told Fairfax Media, although she has yet to confirm if she will compete at the world championships in London next August.
Adams said she could not compare her elevation to damehood to her sporting success.
“With an Olympic gold medal, basically people look at the strength of the person, the high performance,” she said.
“You can't really rank it. This is a very prestigious award that you would never imagine was possible.”— AFP
FORMER New England MP Tony Windsor hasn't ruled out running to try and regain his former rural NSW seat, if a by-election is triggered by current holder and Nationals leader Barnaby Joyce being disqualified from parliament due to dual citizenship.
Mr Windsor spoke up today after news broke of Mr Joyce's latest challenge - to retain his position in parliament and seat of New England, due to being the latest federal politician embroiled in the citizenship scandal.
In a brief statement to the House of Representatives, Mr Joyce said he was contacted last Thursday afternoon by the NZ High Commission to advise that on the basis of preliminary advice from the department of internal affairs, which had received inquiries from the NZ Labour Party, it considered he could be a citizen of NZ by descent.
“Needless to say I was shocked to receive this information,” Mr Joyce said.
Asked if he would run in a by-election if Mr Joyce was disqualified, if it was proven he held dual NZ citizenship, Mr Windsor said “I would not rule anything out”.
“Would see what the lay of the land was but would not think there would be one (by-election) however you never know,” he said.
Mr Windsor said he didn't know the technicalities of Mr Joyce's citizenship issue but with other Senators recently resigning from parliament - Greens Larissa Waters and Scott Ludlum - he believed Labor leader Bill Shorten and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull needed to take a good look at the rules.
“The current law needs to be looked at,” he said in reference to section 44 of the constitution.
“Not sure who but someone has said Barnaby Joyce is definitely a dual citizen of NZ so under the current arrangements he'd be ruled out.”
Mr Windsor resigned from parliament in 2013 after holding the seat for 11 years but unsuccessfully challenged Mr Joyce at least year's election.
Mr Windsor said it was also up to the government and Mr Turnbull to decide, if Mr Joyce stayed in the ministry, rather then stepped aside, like Queensland Nationals Senator Matt Canavan has done, while the High Court decides his fate, after it was revealed he held dual Italian citizenship.
In his statement today, Mr Joyce said the government had taken legal advice from the solicitor general.
“On the basis of the solicitor general's advice, the government is of the firm view that I would not be found to be disqualified by the operation of section 44.1 of the constitution for serving as the member for New England,” he said.
“However to provide clarification to this very important area of the law, for this and future parliaments, I have asked the government to refer the matter, in accordance with section 376 of the Commonwealth Electoral Act, to the High Court, sitting as the Court of Disputed Returns.
“Given the strength of the legal advice the government has received, the Prime Minister has asked that I remain Deputy Prime Minister and continue my ministerial duties.”
ABC political expert Antony Green said if Mr Joyce sorted out his citizenship issue in time, if ruled to be ineligible, he could also run at any potential by-election.
Speaking in parliament, senior Labor power-broker Tony Burke questioned the broader impacts of Mr Joyce's eligibility to sit in parliament.
Mr Burke said it was unknown if parliament had an eligible member for New England, Deputy Prime Minister, or even a majority government.
Mr Joyce assumed Senator Canavan's ministerial responsibilities for Northern Australia and Resources, while the Court of Disputed Returns deals with his eligibility issue.
At the time, National Farmers' Federation CEO Tony Mahar backed in the Deputy Prime Minister saying Mr Joyce had an understanding “better than most”, of the issues in the Resource and Northern Australia portfolios.
“I have every confidence that Minister Joyce, with the help of assistance ministers, will capably manage the extra responsibilities, until which time a more permanent solution is in place,” he said.
NFF however declined to comment on the latest development and whether the NZ citizenship issue would distract Mr Joyce from adequately addressing his ministerial duties.
Mr Burke – a former Agriculture Minister – said Mr Joyce should step aside due to doubt over his constitutional eligibility.
“This is the first time in history of this Parliament a government has asked the High Court to determine whether in fact they have a majority,” he said.
“This is a government reliant on a majority of one.
“What the House is doing right now is saying to the High Court ‘we're not actually sure if the government does have a majority of one'.
“But we have been here for 12 months making laws with a government that may or may not be legitimate.
“With a Parliament that may or may not be voting according to the Constitution of this country.
“And if the Minister for Resources was able to stand aside even though he had the Attorney General beside him claiming that he had a strong case then why on earth is strong case the defense for the Deputy Prime Minister?
“How on earth does that work?
“It cannot be the case that the words of the Attorney General in defending Senator Canavan and why he wouldn't resign from Parliament were correct, because they apparently had a strong case, yet stood aside.
“But if it's the Deputy Prime Minister the person who's the architect of the Coalition agreement with the Prime Minister on which the fate of this Government hangs that secret deal, then in that situation, the rules all change.”
During question time, Mr Burke argued Mr Joyce should not be permitted to answer questions while the citizenship issue was being dealt with by the High Court – but the speaker ruled he was eligible.
After a vote, Mr Joyce was also allowed to answer a question where he said agricultural production had grown by 19 per cent and attacked the opposition's record.
He said Labor was only after Green votes and had delivered “nothing” for central Queensland, including for cattle producers.
Fitzgibbon blast
Shadow Agriculture Minister Joel Fitzgibbon asked Mr Turnbull what the difference was between the legal advice given to Senator Cananvan who stepped aside from the ministry, and that given in reference to Mr Joyce's situation.
“How can our farmers and other agribusiness stakeholders have confidence that a Minister whose legitimacy is under question can adequately represent their interests?” he said in a statement.
“For example, Barnaby Joyce is currently responsible for Australia's biosecurity.
Shadow Agriculture Minister Joel Fitzgibbon.
“If there is a serious biosecurity breach such as the recent White Spot outbreak, how can we be confident the Minister is capable of adequately responding in the eyes of the law?
“How can producers and growers have confidence Barnaby Joyce is capable of representing their interests when trading partners suspend our exports?
“How can they be confident our international partners will take Barnaby Joyce seriously?
“Barnaby Joyce should put the national interest ahead of his own interest and stand aside.”
DRIVING OUT STIGMA: Irina Foster hopes more awareness around mobility scooter laws and regulations will help reduce the endless abuse she faces as a mobility scooter user.
DRIVING OUT STIGMA: Irina Foster hopes more awareness around mobility scooter laws and regulations will help reduce the endless abuse she faces as a mobility scooter user. Marian Faa
IRENA Foster looks back on the day she almost got collected by a semi-trailer at a Warwick intersection and wishes she had known about mobility scooter laws.
Strict rules are designed to address the dangers of mobility scooter use but many ignore the laws or don't know they exist.
"People haven't got a clue," Ms Foster said.
A mobility scooter user for 10 years, Ms Foster only came across the laws when recently helping her daughter apply for a learner licence.
Things like wearing a helmet, driving less than 12km/h and keeping to the left on footpaths are part of a suite of rules mobility scooter users must abide by.
DID YOU KNOW: People on mobility scooters must keep left on footpaths and drive on the right side of the road. They must wear a helmet and cannot use a mobile phone while driving. Marian Faa
Dangers need addressing with ageing population
In Australia, at least 62 people have died from mobility scooter accidents.
Warwick resident Nick Inmon's father passed away after suffering serious brain injuries from a scooter accident in 2016.
The 70-year-old man was knocked off his scooter and trapped under a car when a vehicle failed to give way at an intersection.
Mr Inmon said an ageing population meant road regulators would have to address a higher volume of mobility scooters.
"They may need to run courses for people who use them," he said.
But Ms Foster said the physical danger was just part of the problem.
MORE TO HER STORY: Irena Foster has osteoarthritis and heart conditions that affect her mobility. She hopes more awareness will make roads and footpaths safer for scooter users. Marian Faa
Abuse from all angles
She said the constant stream of abuse was something that would take much longer to address.
"Pedestrians will swear at me, call me fat and useless," she said.
On the road, other vehicles honk, flash their headlights and tell her to move to the other side of the road.
Ms Foster hoped increased awareness of the regulations would improve safety and reduce the "obscene" abuse she faced every day.
"People just think we are too lazy to walk and they don't understand we are just trying to follow the rules."
Under law, failing to keep left could land Ms Foster with an $84 fine.
But many pedestrians expect her to steer to the right on the footpath to move out of their way.
BIG ISSUE: Driving down the main street, Irina Foster cops endless abuse from people who don't understand the medical condition behind her mobility scooter. Marian Faa
More to mobility that laziness
Ms Foster said stigma surrounding the use of mobility scooters was everywhere.
"People comment on my size, but they don't know what I have been through," she said.
Suffering from osteoarthritis, Ms Foster uses a mobility device to "save her from the embarrassment" of falling over if she stands for extended periods of time.
"People don't seem to understand that I have a medical condition that makes me need this scooter," she said.
In order to register her vehicle with the Department of Transport, Mrs Foster had to go through rigorous medical checks.
The Department was unable to provide a response.
The daily traffic volume on the nation's main roads increased 4.2 percent in 2016 from the year before, the transportation ministry said Tuesday, apparently from low oil prices coupled with more registered vehicles.
Data by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport were collected by counting cars passing through select sections on highways and major roads throughout the country. Results showed an average 14,525 cars using key roads on a given day.
(Yonhap)
The traffic volume jumped 17.4 percent over the past decade, according to the ministry's survey.The number of registered vehicles surpassed 20 million in 2014.It then went from 20.99 million in 2015 to 21.80 million in 2016, up 3.9 percent.Price of gasoline, on the other hand, went down from 1,405 won ($1.23) per liter in 2015 to 1,293 won the following year, a fall of 8 percent.Passenger cars accounted for 72.1 percent of the traffic volume, followed by cargo vehicles at 25.1 percent. Buses counted for 2.7 percent.On a monthly basis, traffic was heaviest in August, the peak vacation period. The volume, when compared with a 100 percent base, recorded 107.1 percent. May, a family month with a number of holidays, and September, the month of hometown visits for the harvest moon holiday, followed next at 104.2 percent. January was the least busy month on the roads with 87.3 percent.Traffic volume was fairly steady Monday through Thursday but leaped starting Friday and reached 108.2 percent on Saturday.Sunday's road traffic fell to 94.5 percent.The most congested time of the day was from 5 to 6 p.m. (175.3 percent), while the least congested period was from 3 to 4 p.m. at 11.4 percent. (Yonhap)
An economic tidal wave is headed our way. It's inevitable. First, it will lift the Dow to 31,000. Then it will crash, wiping out the life savings of millions. But there is a way to ride the “crest” of this wave, escape the destruction, and grow your wealth in the process.
An economic tidal wave is headed our way. It's inevitable. First, it will lift the Dow to 31,000. Then it will crash, wiping out the life savings of millions. But there is a way to ride the “crest” of this wave, escape the destruction, and grow your wealth in the process. Read more
I have just uploaded a blockbuster new 30-minute video and special report to our website.
The video is “New Supercycle Profits.” Thousands of subscribers have already viewed it. And the feedback has been wonderful.
The report is Multiply Your Money Up to 16x with Seven Supercycle Windfalls in 2018, and I think it could be the most profitable report you read this year.
The timing couldn't be better. Because nearly all the major market turns we've predicted are now unfolding even as we speak.
You can watch the video now, if you wish. Just click here and it will play on your screen right away. Or read on for …
THE TRANSCRIPT: New Supercycle Profits, Part I.
Martin Weiss: Over the past few months, Sean Brodrick and I have told you that we're in for a roller coaster ride through hell.
That the era in which governments could amass debt with impunity is ending. And that a new era in which mankind pays the price for those debts, is beginning.
It will be an era of gargantuan government debts going bust.
An era when the very essence of what government is all about will come into question.
An era that will see massive government layoffs on both sides of the oceans.
And also threaten the liberties of hundreds of millions of citizens as desperate governments move to tax those citizens, spy on those citizens, and even nationalize their wealth.
It will be an era of currency wars, trade wars, civil uprisings, civil wars and even international wars. It will be an era of more government repression, authoritarianism, fascism, leading to …
Reduced privacy, reduced freedoms, reduced returns on your capital.
No, it is not a pretty picture.
According to our research, this is the first time the world has faced such a period of possible debt defaults in major nations since at least the Great Depression.
There will be similarities, and there will be differences between now and then.
In terms of the similarities, we'll see economies and governments reel. We're already seeing turmoil in the Middle East, Europe, South Asia, East Asia.
And here in the United States, we're already seeing two of our main political parties splitting apart, into warring factions.
We see separatist movements gaining momentum overseas like in Catalonia, where 90% recently voted to secede from Spain.
In Italy, where there are at least three powerful separatist movements — in Venice, in North Italy, in Sicily. Or in Belgium where the Flemish-speaking half of the nation is almost at war with the French-speaking half.
Yet, throughout it all, there are shining lights of hope for those in the know. Beacons of light that will help you grow and protect your money like never before.
Provided you keep an open mind … provided you realize that the world is changing … and provided you use the lessons of history as your guide.
That's what we do. We predicted the troubles overseas would create a tidal wave of fight capital, and they did.
We've predicted that the money would flow to the safest safe haven in the world, the United States, and it did.
We told you this tidal wave of capital would drive the U.S. stock market to all-time highs, and that has happened.
We also told you that Europe would be among the first to fall, creating tremendous profit opportunities, and now that forecast is also beginning to unfold.
France posted nearly zero growth in the most recent quarter.
Spain's GDP is down, nearly 10% over the last three years.
Great Britain has confounded the political establishment by voting to leave the European Union.
Standard and Poor's and Fitch have downgraded the U.K. and they're now warning that they're going to downgrade it again.
And meanwhile, Brexit is a disaster both for the U.K. and for the EU. Each is going to lose a major trading partner and hundreds of thousands of jobs.
Unemployment in the European Union is already sky-high: 9.6% in France … 11.3% in Italy … 17.7% in Spain … 22.5% in Greece!
That's more than FIVE times the jobless rate in the United States, and it's dangerous.
But let me tell you what's even more dangerous. It has to do with Germany, the one major economic engine of Europe.
The German Government Coalition has just collapsed. An upstart political party, Alternative für Deutschland, has surged to prominence.
What's next? We've told you all along. We've told you that the crisis ahead is going to be a crisis of government:
Ruthless government taxation. Government repression. And government debt.
That's why the epicenter of the next financial earthquake will be in the market for sovereign debt — the bond market.
And now that crisis is also beginning. All over the world, major sovereign bonds have been falling in value. And all over the world, their decline has barely begun.
Now here's the biggest payoff of all: As we've told you all along, the crisis will continually drive tremendous amounts of FEAR MONEY into key resources, especially in two major sectors.
That's what the Edelson Institute has predicted. It's coming true. And that's what the Edelson Institute continues to predict, right Sean?
Sean Brodrick: Yes, we also predicted that our subscribers would make a huge amount of money with that trend and they had the opportunity to do just that.
Martin: Could you give us the names and numbers for those?
Sean: I will in a sec, but first let me tell you about the two major resource sectors that really benefit the most from this crisis.
The first is metals of all kinds — not just precious metals like gold, silver and palladium, but also industrial metals like copper and metals that most investors know very little about.
I'm talking about energy metals — metals that are needed for lithium-ion batteries.
And the second major resource sector is OIL.
Martin. Tell us about the metals first and then come back to oil later.
Sean: OK. Since January 2016, the price of nickel is up about 35%. Copper? It's up 47%! Those are the industrial metals most people are familiar with.
Martin: Those are just extraordinary price increases right there.
Sean: Yes, great, great gains. But now look at the energy metals! Lithium is up about 137% in that time frame. 137%! At the same time, cobalt is up an astounding 160%!
We wrote about lithium and cobalt before any other analysts. It's what we told our readers about in conference after conference. And as a result, subscribers should have a slew of profits.
Martin: OK, now tell us about those profits.
Sean: OK, our Integra Gold is up 31.8%. Our Sociedad Química y Minera is up 30.7%. And our Katanga Mining is up 142%. Plus 175% on Lithium Americas. I like to let those big winners run.
And most of these positions were held for less than three months. Sometimes less than a few weeks! Now, you should know that we probably won't be re-recommending the same instruments that made us all this money so far.
Martin: That's logical.
Sean: Right. But we WILL be recommending brand-new investments.
Martin: I get that. But when our readers see these kinds of profit numbers, they begin to wonder, you know. “Have I missed the boat?” “Is it too late for me now?”
Sean: Everything that I see in precious metals right now tells me that, after a dip, the next leg is going to be huge.
Martin: After a dip.
Sean: Yes, right. This is exactly why we decided to hold this emergency conference right now. Because this month we're getting the intermediate correction that we warned about, and this gives us an ideal buying opportunity right now.
The key is that our cycle charts predicted this. They said two things: First that precious metals will bottom in late December. Second, these same precious metals will march dramatically higher in January.
Martin: And we have good evidence of that prediction because we were right here in this studio in a Q&A session with our subscribers, and that's exactly what you said.
These are the same cycle charts that have been calling the big tops and bottoms in the resource markets year after year with uncanny accuracy.
Those predictions could have helped you multiply your money many times over. And now, here we are again, in December 2017, and it looks like the markets are moving exactly on queue with what we predicted in that Q&A session just a month ago.
Sean: Yes, they are.
Martin: So share with our readers some of the fundamental forces that are behind these cycles and these forecasts.
Sean: We call it the Commodity Master Wave, and it's driven by two critical forces.
The first is the power of supply and demand. The very fact that commodity prices have been so underpriced and undervalued for so long has caused supplies to dwindle all over the world. That is one force.
The second force is directly related to the supercycle in government debt that converged with all the other cycles just about five weeks ago.
So as this crisis unfolds, what was once considered safe to invest in — government debt — is going to become the riskiest of all. And what was once considered risky is now about to become the choice for savvy investors all over the world: Gold, silver, oil and other natural resources.
Those resources are about to emerge as the single best safe haven for global investors. Not just as hedges against inflation but more importantly as hedges against global crisis.
Martin: Now let me throw a historical perspective on this if I may? It's something that my father taught me from an early age and his father taught him:
Historically, commodities are ideal investments in times of crisis. Because people, societies, nations — they just can't live without them. Food. Water. Energy. Materials to build homes. And most notably, gold and silver.
Consider for example, the last time we entered a major period of economic and political turmoil — the Great Depression.
Now, there are, of course, big differences between then and now. But like today, the political instability was mostly overseas, especially in Europe.
You had devastating, crippling, hyper-inflation in Germany in the early 1920s. The rise of Mussolini, 1922. The fall of the Weimar Republic — the German Weimar Republic — in 1933. And Hitler's rise to power in that same year. Then the Spanish civil war three years later.
And all the while, wave after wave of flight capital was flowing from Europe to America.
Like today, investors ran away from the dangers. And like today, they flocked not only to the United States, but they also flocked to the relative safety of hard assets like commodities.
No, I wasn't there personally in the 1930s, but my father was there. And in the 1930s he helped famous investors like Bernard Baruch, who was an adviser to many presidents, and Joseph Kennedy, the father of JFK. He helped them invest in gold, gold shares and silver.
“There we were,” he said. “Governments failing, winds of war everywhere, debts imploding and banks on the brink or failed, and surprisingly, commodity prices were suddenly going through the roof.”
Base metals prices also soared. Aluminum, for instance. It almost doubled in price in a short two-year period. Ditto for share prices of many commodity producers.
A major silver company by the name of Bunker Hill was trading for just three dollars and change. That was 1932. In 1937, it was selling for $36.25. Most investors missed that move. But a handful of savvy investors grew their wealth by 835%.
Or look at Kennecott Copper! It rose from $4.25 to $69.38. That's a whopping 1,432% gain right in the middle of the Depression.
Or consider International Nickel. Its share price started from a low of $3.50 per share. Five years later it reached a high of $73.38 per share. That gain was 1,887%.
Anaconda Cooper was the biggest example of all. It surged from a low of $3 per share in 1932 to a high of $69.50 in 1937. That was a staggering gain of 2,116%.
Smack dab in the middle of all the same kind of turmoil that we're seeing in the world today.
It's little wonder that so many of our readers right now have been filling our mailbag with questions about commodities and they're asking,
When will I get a chance to buy?
When will the real bull market finally get underway?
When will gold and silver touch bottom? When will they blast off?
Which other resource sectors are about to hit bottom? Exactly when will they explode higher?
Editor's Note: We have just published a new, in-depth, report with all the answers. In it, we give you:
The cycles chart that confirm that the blast-off phase in seven key commodities is about to begin …
The facts on the ground — the supply and demand fundamentals on gold, silver, oil, copper and other Supercycle investments — which validate this conclusion …
Gold investments projected to deliver gains of 774% … 932% … up to 1,154% …
Silver investments projected to deliver gains of 735% … 1,063% … up to 1,493%.
The report, “Multiply Your Money Up to 16x with 7 Supercycle Windfalls in 2018,” could prove to be the most profitable report you read all year.
It's free. There's no obligation, no strings attached — and it could make you very rich. Go here to read it.
Good luck and God bless!
Martin
Except none of those people, it seems, had actually wanted the jobs they campaigned for and won that year. Or, at least, they'd all soon voluntarily leave them.
Consider the recent history, and see if you can keep your eye on the red ball: In June 2014, Bas Balkissoon was re-elected as the local Member of Provincial Parliament. Later that year, Shaun Chen was re-elected as the local school board trustee — and was promptly appointed chair of the board. At the same time, Raymond Cho was re-elected as the local councillor. Simple enough, right?
Such, it seems, has long been the case in Scarborough-Rouge River, where there's always a byelection just ending or just beginning. The voters there, it appears, keep electing people who do not want the jobs they are elected to.
That is, the election of Neethan Shan to fill the vacant city council seat in Ward 42 Scarborough-Rouge River opens up a vacancy on the Toronto School Board that may very well be filled with a new byelection.
Then, in March of that year, Balkissoon bailed on his job as provincial representative after suddenly discovering a newfound yearning for family time, which he apparently hadn't anticipated when he'd asked for a new term less than two years earlier.
In August 2015, Chen — who had served in the head job among school trustees for just eight months, resigned to run for federal parliament. He won.
In the byelection to fill Balkissoon's provincial seat, both Cho (the councillor with two years left in his term) and Shan (the trustee less than four months into his term) ran. Cho won. This appeared to fulfill a longstanding ambition of Cho's to escape city council, where he had served for decades even while running four times for federal and provincial seats. (Displaying the loyalty and dedication to principle he became famous for on city council, Cho once ran for the NDP, once ran as an “independent Liberal,” was a longtime member of the Liberal party, and then twice ran as a Progressive Conservative.)
That, of course, led to the byelection to fill Cho's now-vacant council seat. Shan ran — famously this was his eleventh run for office in 14 years — and on Monday night won with an impressive 46 per cent of the vote in a field of 29 candidates. Which leaves Shan's seat on the board of education vacant for the second time this term, just over halfway between normal municipal elections. In 26 months since the last election, the seat has been either vacant or filled by someone actively campaigning for another job for about 15 months. It's hard to say, exactly, that the voters of Scarborough-Rouge River have been “represented” by a school board trustee at all this term.
This ought to reflect poorly on Shan, who is instead being greeted as a refreshing injection of “progressive” energy by some of his new city council colleagues — Mike Layton and Kristyn Wong-Tam apparently made the trip out to celebrate with him on Monday. He is Toronto City Council's first Tamil member, which is a milestone worth acknowledging and celebrating (it's about time). And perhaps he will turn out to be a great, effective inhabitant of the clamshell. The good news for him and his supporters is he gets the chance to demonstrate it now.
But there is little in his recent public record that would lead one to expect that. Campaigning, he took the bog-standard John Tory line on tax rates and the Scarborough subway — including propagating the outright falsehood that anyone could save an hour on their travel time when the subway extension was built (the truth is likely to be more like five to 10 minutes) — and was also a vocal proponent of the “Scarborough First” resentment politics that have become the hallmark of the populist right.
And he has the resume of a shameless opportunist, notably running for and winning public office a year ago and then spending half of the time since actively campaigning for jobs other than the one he was entrusted with.
Perhaps people overlook that last part because they've come to expect it of school board trustees. For as long as I can remember, people have referred to and thought of the job of trustee not as an important elected office governing one of society's most vital institutions (think of the children!), but as an easy resume builder for ambitious politicians waiting for their chance at prime time. Sometimes columnists at the Star will say as much along the way to suggesting the job should be abolished and governance given to the province, which actually controls major education decisions. Longtime trustees will write in to say how essential and important the boards are.
And then their colleagues go and show how essential they think the job is: Shaun Chen resigning from the board's top job after less than a year to go to Ottawa. Michael Ford resigning as trustee just five months after taking the job to run for city council. Shan treating the job as an immediate launching pad for his other ambitions.
But forget the school board. Out in Scarborough-Rouge River that seems to be the way, across the board, these days. Run for office. Win. Then abandon the job when you get it.
Balkissoon at least retired when he did so, after a long career. Cho, Chen, and Shan all had the nerve to think such cavalier attitudes to the public's trust merited election to a new, higher-paying job. And look at that: in their wisdom, the voters rewarded each of them.
They may be shameless, these politicians, but they aren't exactly stupid. So let the perpetual byelection continue. Who knows, one of these days we might find a candidate who actually wants to serve in the job they're running for.
As harvest starts across the country, I am reminded of the eminent Canadian-American Professor JK Galbraith who started his academic life as an agricultural economist.
He opined that agriculture was a strategic industry, and we know the United States has long supported its industry via an insurance scheme. His background from a farm in Ontario, his studies and then work for the US government in pricing control during the Second World War soon after the agricultural depression of the 1930s no doubt shaped his views.
I agree with Galbraith on this occasion. If an army marches on its stomach, the first duty of the state before defending itself is to see the nation is fed.
The Tudors worked that one out, as did Churchill. Not state farms, such as the Collectives in the last century. But private enterprise in a market-orientated agricultural and food sector, where citizen farmers all play our individual roles.
Above us we look to sophisticated supply and manufacturing lines where the bargain with primary producers could always be fairer, and which promote the highest standards for consumer confidence. And to industry bodies, academia and state-sponsored organisations for better training, ground-breaking R&D, financial investment and many other ways of making UK farming more productive as well as conserving resources and nature as they go.
No small challenge for anyone in a crowded island with pressures on income and a distancing of the relationship between town and country.
But as the UK embarks on its greatest political adventure for a century which requires repatriation of food, farming and environmental policy, now is the moment for the CLA to reboot thinking on the relationship between the farmer and the state. And to use all our skills and advocacy so that the terms of this new relationship will be publicly acceptable and strong enough to endure political change in the years ahead. Relying on the status quo is not a strategy.
Political risk is a dimension few businesses had considered seriously until last year. Now it is all around us. And just watch how a weak currency impacts on the cost of imported food in the years ahead, stoking inflationary pressures and emphasising Galbraith's view of the strategic importance of domestic production.
So on the face of it that view is both correct and an opportunity. Michael Gove needs convincing and we are working with him. We sense the view that all farmers should receive an acreage payment is increasingly seen as old-fashioned.
But first let's acknowledge the national interest, and that agriculture as an industry requires significant public and private investment to improve profitability. Grants and tax incentives for new buildings, R&D on a new scale that changes farm practice, business and skills training, promotion of British food, and support to new entrants and retirees all feature.
Under the CLA's proposed Land Management Contract, the land manager or farmer is freely able to choose from a range of activities for providing public goods that the market cannot promote: resource protection including soils that safeguard our strategic food production, carbon capture, storing water, long-term tree planting, maintaining the uplands, providing access, delivering high standards of animal welfare and enhancing wildlife. The exact matrix of incentives needs careful work, and probably a pilot project to get this right.
But the essential change is a move to a contract basis longer than our political cycle, with reciprocal rights between farmer and state where payment is on the nail and pays for prescribed activity.
The ultimate test of whether the Government agrees with me is the extent to which it remains willing to support agriculture and indeed the wider rural economy. Support means investment, which requires money and other resources committed for the longer term. From that flows confidence.
The countryside matters because it is the nation's garden. Let's hope for a good harvest in every respect.
New Pentagon chief James Mattis said Wednesday that NATO was a "fundamental bedrock" for the United States as he tried to reassure allies concerned about President Donald Trump's commitment.
"The alliance remains a fundamental bedrock for the United States and for all the transatlantic community, bonded as we are together," Mattis said as he met his counterparts in Brussels for the first time.
"And as president Trump has stated, he has strong support for NATO," added the former marine general, who has himself previously served with the alliance.
"I am here to listen to my fellow ministers, to have an open conversation among friends and allies, about where we're going and our shared level of commitment."
NATO allies have expressed worries about Trump's comments as president-elect that the alliance was "obsolete," as well as his apparently softer stance on Russia.
Mattis however stressed that the Trump administration, like the Obama administration before it, expected NATO allies to boost their defence spending.
"It's absolutely appropriate, as a European minister of defence said last week -- it's a fair demand that all who benefit from the best defence in the world carry their proportionate share of the necessary cost to defend freedom," he added. (AFP)
Public Inspection File
Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File
Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov.
Public File Liaison:
publicfilesfwa@federatedmedia.com
260-447-5511
LOS ANGELES
Penn State traveled more than 3,000 miles to get here. USC didn't even go 20.
To members of each team, though, the roads they took to the 103rd Rose Bowl Game feel similar, seem so freakishly identical, that thinking about it makes them do a double-take.
Propelled by dynamic offenses, swarming defenses and Septembers they'd like to forget, No. 5 Penn State and No. 9 USC will play in the Grandaddy of Them All at 5 p.m. today, capping resurgent seasons with a meeting of two of the nation's hottest teams.
“I don't think you even need to watch film to understand that the two teams that are going to play in the Rose Bowl Game are pretty similar,” USC offensive tackle Zach Banner said. “We are high-intensity guys. Both teams have great talent and a lot of great players and obviously the coaching staffs on both are excellent, if they are able to get them to the Rose Bowl. Probably those three similarities are the most ideal thing.”
The similarities, though, go beyond just roster construction, styles and talent. Because for a while this season, the Rose Bowl seemed beyond reach for both programs.
Think back to the end of September. Penn State stood at 2-2. It had been embarrassed in a loss at Michigan. Its head coach, James Franklin, received a vote of confidence from athletic director Sandy Barbour to quell rumors that the university might look for a new leader of the program if things didn't change.
At that point, USC didn't have a much different situation. The Trojans opened 1-3 and had gotten thrashed in defeats against Alabama and Stanford. First-year head coach Clay Helton wasn't getting much more patience than Franklin in regard to job security, either. On Sept. 24, the website thebiglead.com published a story with the headline “Clay Helton Must Be Fired And USC Needs to Find a Real Head Coach.”
But Sept. 24 is also the last day either of these teams lost. Penn State has rattled off nine wins since, including wins over then-No. 2 Ohio State at Beaver Stadium and a stirring comeback in the Big Ten Championship Game over Wisconsin. The Trojans have won eight straight, highlighted by a 26-13 win over Washington.
So, what happened to change things?
Penn State became more aggressive on offense, taking more chances down the field with quarterback Trace McSorley and a slick receiving corps, and USC made a quarterback switch of its own, benching highly regarded Max Browne and going with redshirt freshman Sam Darnold, who breathed new life into the offense with his ability to get the ball down the field and move it with his legs.
“In a lot of ways he's like our guy,” Penn State defensive coordinator Brent Pry said, comparing Darnold to McSorley. “He's a gamer. He's a winner. He finds a way to keep the play alive, he finds a way to make a play with his feet, with his arm. He's heady. Doesn't make a lot of mistakes. Those guys, I hate defending those guys.”
For his part, Darnold pointed to another similarity that may have helped these teams get here most.
He said that after the Trojans lost 31-27 to Utah on Sept. 23, his teammates held a players-only meeting that led to players taking more of an ownership role in the direction of the program. Penn State did something similar, holding players-only film sessions on Mondays each week following the Michigan loss, a practice that players have indicated pushed the team toward being as best prepared for opponents as possible.
“We had to build more trust in each other,” Darnold said. “It's not like we didn't have trust in each other before, but we had to reassure ourselves. We were going to be fine. We knew we were going to be fine. It was just going to take time, and we were going to move on from there.”
Once October started, the Nittany Lions and Trojans became two of the most dominant teams in college football. The Trojans averaged 524 yards of total offense per game from that point on; Penn State averaged 470. The Trojans allowed a mere 341.3; Penn State gave up only 336.2.
“They went on a nine-game win streak, us on a eight-game win streak,” receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster said. “For us to both be in the Rose Bowl, it's very understandable.”
Only one team can continue that streak, and the magic that got it this far, much longer.
Contact the writer:
dcollins@timesshamrock.com
@psubst on Twitter
Chairman Higher Education Commission (HEC) Dr Mukhtar Ahmad Monday stressed the need for preparing youth to cope with challenges, which would face by the country in future. He was addressing here the opening ceremony of a two-day International Conference on Professional Development in Higher Education: Trends and Practices, Prospects and Innovations as a Chief Guest.
The conference was arranged by the the Higher Education Commission (HEC), in collaboration with Fatima Jinnah Women University (FJWU), Rawalpindi.
Dr Mahmood-ul-Hassan Butt, Consultant HEC presented a keynote address while Dr Samina Amin Qadir, Vice Chancellor, FJWU, Rawalpindi, Mrs. Shaheen Khan, Adviser Learning Innovation, HEC, Fida Hussain, Director General LI, HEC and a large number of faculty members and professionals attended the event.
In his message on this occasion, Dr Mukhtar Ahmed urged teachers to ensure character building of students and teach them social values and ethics.
He added that apart from imparting education, it was also a responsibility of teachers to groom students.
He said HEC took a number of initiatives under its Faculty Development Programme in order to build capacity of universities faculty.
He revealed that HEC envisions 40 per cent of PhD faculty by 2025. In his keynote address, Dr. Mahmood-ul-Hassan Butt shed light on salient trends and practices, prospects and innovations that had been incorporated in the higher education sector since the inception of HEC.
He also shared the strategic priorities HEC had set for the future to continue the journey of progress and qualitative improvement of an integrated education system in the country. He said the founding fathers of HEC believed that the higher education systems led in the relentless pursuit of quality of instruction, utilizing available knowledge and discovery of new knowledge, competencies and skills by preparing creative, critical, constructive and communicative scholars.—APP
Related
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 3:40 pm |
A dusky shark (NOAA)
(The Washington Post) - Several varieties of sharks call the waters off the Eastern Seaboard home.
They tend to swim north in the summer as the hot weather warms the waters off the coast. While sharks occasionally venture near the shore, they are usually several miles away from the coast.
In no particular order, here are five types of sharks commonly observed along the mid-Atlantic coast.
Dusky shark
It ranges in size from three to 12 feet and is found up and down the Atlantic Coast, from Florida to Cape Cod, Massachusetts.
It has a rounded snout and triangular-shaped teeth. It has been overfished and for two decades has been off-limits to recreational and commercial fishers.
A sandbar shark (NOAA)
Sandbar shark
This is one of the more common shark species off the Chesapeake Bay. Its heavyset body ranges from two to eight feet long. They are considered valuable to commercial fisheries for their fins, which are sometimes used in shark-fin soup, which is popular in parts of Asia. Shark finning is prohibited in the United States.
A sand tiger shark (NOAA)
Sand tiger shark
Found in the waters off Ocean City, Maryland, this shark is seen from Maine to Florida and is commonly found in the Delaware Bay.
It grows to about 10 feet long and has long, narrow teeth that stick out even when its mouth is shut. It is known for being brownish-gray with reddish or rust-colored spots on its back.
Shortfin mako
These sharks are known for their speed, traveling 22 to 42 mph. They're also known for distance: They can travel as far as 1,300 miles in a month.
Shortfin mako grow to more than 10 feet long and are found in the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico. They are one of the most popular species targeted for recreational fishing in the Atlantic.
Their unique coloring includes dark purple to indigo blue on their top sides, silver on the sides and white on the bottom.
A spiny dogfish shark (NOAA)
Spiny dogfish shark
These sharks grow to about five feet long and can be seen in parts of the Chesapeake Bay, Cape Cod and down to South Carolina.
They are named for the spines or spikes on their dorsal fins. Their mouths open downward, helping them search for food on the ocean floor.
—
Information and data are from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Les Kaufman – a shark expert and biology professor at Boston University's Marine Program and the International Union for the Conservation of Nature – Shark Specialist Group.
England head into tomorrow's Champions Trophy semi-final against Pakistan in Cardiff as strong favourites but Eoin Morgan's side will have to overcome a number of key battles if they are to secure a spot in Sunday's showpiece. With themselves Complacency is a dirty word in professional sport, but it.... thetimes 5:51:00 AM CEST
Songs We Love: G Perico, 'Everybody'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brandon Espeleta /Courtesy of the artist Brandon Espeleta /Courtesy of the artist
In case you can't tell by his '80s-era jheri curl, South Central LA native G Perico has never compromised his g-funk sound or fierce West Side affiliation to fit into hip-hop's mold. The rapper's sense of individuality, along with an unrelenting work ethic, has been paying off tenfold in 2017.
The 29-year-old has had a busy year. In April, he released his last solo album All Blue, followed by a collab tape with Jay Worthy and producer Cardo called G-Worthy in September. Now, 2 Tha Left completes the bumpin' trifecta. The new album houses guest verses from some hometown contemporaries like Mozzy, Nef The Pharaoh and TeeCee4800 and beats by Cardo, Westside Webb and Poly Boy.
YouTube
While G Perico keeps his messages of ruthless hustling consistent throughout most of the 15-track project, the third single off the album, "Everybody," is the type of anthem fans don't usually hear from the rapper. The Poly Boy-produced track spins together a chest-rattling bass line and distorted vocal sample as G Perico rhymes about camaraderie with his day ones: "I'm tryna get rich with everybody I know/ Put you up on game, make sure you ain't broke," Perico sings on the triumphant chorus.
The video for the track shows Perico and his crew taking time to celebrate their success; that means shooting dice, chilling on the roof, playing pool and toasting to more wins in 2018.
2 Tha Left is available now via So Way Out LLC.
DG Khan
As many as 3165 development schemes are being completed under Prime Minister's development program 2017-18 at a cost of over Rs 5.63 billion. This was disclosed by Commissioner Ahmed Ali Kambo while presiding over a meeting to review development work of ongoing project here on Saturday.
The Commissioner said that different development schemes of education department, schools and public facilitation were continuing in the division. He said that IT labs were being established in 96 educational institutes, renovation of 155 bad conditioned buildings of educational institutes was being made while facilities of electricity, water supply, toilets and others were being provided to 338 educational institutes under prime minister development program 2017-18.
He said that 31 March was deadline for all contractors to complete the projects.
He said that a ban had been imposed on any government construction on private land and directed officers concerned to ensure early provision of funds, adding that any delay would not be tolerated in this regard. He also directed officers concerned to not present schemes less than 12 feet roads for approval.
Kambo maintained that 181 schemes of roads, 93 of public health, 11 of buildings and 1932 schemes of Wapda were being completed in the division.
Chairman District Council Layyah Umer Ali Olakh, Director Development and Finance Malik Rafique Ahmed, Assistant Director Waseem Akhtar Jatoi, SE irrigation Sheikh Fazal Karim, Executive engineers and other senior officers were present in the meeting.—APP
A police officer has been stabbed to death by a suspected member of Islamic State, according to Turkish media. Police had detained a man thought to be planning a bomb attack on behalf of the extremist group in an anti-terror operation, Turkey's Anadolu news agency said. skynews 2:00:00 AM CEST
The Nyarkotey College of Holistic Medicine, an institution established with a simple mission to promote, propagate, and provides training to alternative medicine Practitioners in Ghana and Africa to meet the health needs of the population through evidence based holistic education, work with the regulators in Ghana and Africa to help streamline the practice of alternative medicines, research and clinical practice is set to make history with the first ever public lecture on alternative medicine in Ghana.
The lecture will be delivered by Dr. Raphael Nyarkotey Obu , a renowned Science Writer, alternative Medicine practitioner of International repute and currently a research Professor of Prostate cancer and Alternative Medicine at Da Vinci College of Holistic Medicine, Larnaca city, Cyprus. Dr. Nyarkotey is also the National President of the Alternative Medical Association of Ghana (AMAG). The Multiple awarding winning Holistic Doctor is also a member of the Prostate Cancer Transatlantic Consortium (CaPtC), a firm researching into prostate cancer in the black community and also the Society of Cancer Epigenetics.
The distinguished science writer and researcher engaged by Da Vinci College of Holistic Medicine to help promote evidence based holistic medicine in Africa will apply his mind to issues in alternative medicine at the national and international level to help start national discourse on the practice of alternative medicine.
The lecture dubbed “Alternative Medicine: Practice, Legality, Economic impact and Education” will critically examine alternative medicine in Ghana, the legal implications , the role of the statutory government regulatory body; The Traditional Medicine Practice Council of The Ministry of Health and issues surrounding accreditations of alternative medicine schools locally and globally.
The pertinent questions that will be explored are “what is alternative medicine? Who holds the authority on alternative medicine education? Is there anything like internationally recognized programs in alternative medicine? Who qualifies to be called alternative Medical Practitioner? What qualification should be considered by the Traditional medicine Practice Council to be used as a yardstick for registration as Doctor of alternative medicine? What are the accreditation pathways for colleges considering programs in alternative medicine? What are the economic impact and benefit of studying holistic medicine? Among others.
The Public lecture will be held on Saturday, 28th April, 2018 at the nearly Nyarkotey College of Holistic Medicine Ashaiman Annex campus behind the Ashaiman Municipal Assembly. This is the first time in the history of Ghana such lecture is going to happen.
The lecture will be the 1st in the Series and according to the President of Nyarkotey College of Holistic Medicine, Dr. Raphael Nyarkotey Obu is to “provide a platform for distinguished individuals in Academia and Public life to come and share knowledge with the public and policymakers on issues pertaining to the practice of alternative medicine and its education.
The lecture is expected to be graced by the Registrar of the Traditional Medicine Practice Council of the Ministry of Health, Torgbui Yaka IV, The Deputy Minister of Health, Hon. Tina Mensah, The Acting Director of the Traditional and Alternative Medicine Directorate, Dr (Mrs) Anastasia Yirenkyi, , Oheneba Ntim Barima, Natural Medicine Crusader with Oman FM and high personalities including traditional leaders.
Dr. Nyarkotey Obu completed his Postdoctoral training at Da Vinci College of Holistic Medicine, Larnaca city, Cyprus under Dr. George Georgiou where he researches into the Hibiscus sabdariffa plant on prostate issues and published three interesting papers on the hibiscus plants on numerous health challenges. He is known for his evidence-based science articles in National Newspapers on natural medicine. The new college is working in consultation with the government statutory body- the Traditional Medicine Practice Council of the Ministry of Health to sorts out all accreditation issues and prospective advisees.
When thinking about common jobs women hold, careers falling under STEM aren't usually the ones that come to mind.
For decades, men have dominated science, technology, engineering and mathematics — STEM fields. According to a report by the United States Department of Commerce, women held 47 percent of all jobs in the U.S. in 2015, but only 24 percent of those jobs were in STEM fields. A panel event called “Empowering Girls with Tech: Breaking Barriers” on March 12 at this year's South by Southwest aimed to bring this issue into the spotlight, discussing ways educators and parents can support girls who show interest in STEM.
The panel comprised of Webjunto's Liz Brown, The Meet Group's Catherine Connelly, Dovtail's Benjamin Mathew and Roar For Good's Yasmine Mustafa.
Connelly said in order to start closing the gender cap in STEM careers, parents and educators need to start young when girls are still in their early developmental phase of childhood.
“At around 5 or 6 [years old], gender confidence starts to fall off,” Connelly said. “We need to get in there early to prevent these thoughts about self-doubt from manifesting. We need to create a judgement-free learning environment. …[Girls] need a safe space to explore [STEM] options.”
In order to combat the present gender gap in these fields, many programs, such as Girls Who Code, Girls in Tech and Girlstart, have sprouted up in the hopes to encourage and empower girls to like STEM, and to help them move past gender biases. Panelists stressed not only the importance of these types of programs, but also the impact peers and words have on children as they are developing.
Mathew — founder of the Young Entrepreneurs Club of New Jersey and a sophomore at Montgomery High School — said he notices the difference in confidence and ability among boys and girls in his advanced placement science and math classes.
“After we get done taking a test in class, all the girls will go talk about how they did, and the boys will group up and do the same,” Mathew said. “The difference is when we start talking about answers. If a girl got an answer different than her friend, she'll say to her friend, ‘You're probably right, I got it wrong,' whereas the guys will fight each other because we all think we're right.”
Connelly recalls an instance in which she felt she did not belong with her male counterparts during a tech competition while she was in school.
“I remember placing top five in a competition and being awarded with men's cologne and a men's watch,” Connelly said. “There weren't any prize options for girls.”
Some of the main messages panelists continued to reiterate to audience members throughout the session was that girls are equally capable as males, and having gender diversity in STEM fields will help bring diversity in approaches to solve the problems of today and the future.
“There's equal access, but not equal comfortability,” Brown said.
Brown and Connelly both said getting girls involved in STEM is a “wicked problem,” which Brown defined as being a problem with no one singular, independent solution because it involves many levels of obstacles.
“We really have to get the whole village on board with solving these problems,” Brown said. “One thing is not enough.”
Feature Image: A panel comprised of four individuals with experience in STEM careers discussed the importance of inclusivity for girls and women in STEM at a South by Southwest event on Monday, March 12. Photo by Kaitlin Pennell
Ranbir Kapoor loves running. But because he hates the treadmill (who doesn't?) he hits the streets. “I used to run at Pali Hill late at night,” Kapoor told GQ in an exclusive interview. “But not so much anymore.” When he travels, though, Ranbir avoids going to the gym altogether. “I go to a park,” he says. “Running in Hyde Park or Central Park — that's an amazing feeling,” he says.
In fact, the actor loves running so much, he's even reading a book on it. What I Talk About When I Talk About Running is a memoir by the bestselling Japanese novelist Haruki Murakami. Written in Murakami's native tongue, the memoir has been translated into English by Philip Gabriel and is, as the title suggests, about Murakami's interest in long-distance running.
Ranbir Kapoor, in an exclusive interview to GQ India, speaks extensively about dealing with his nicotine addiction, the possibility of doing a show for Netflix or Amazon Prime and being away from social media. Head over here to read the exclusive interview.
ALSO READ
Ranbir Kapoor's weekend home, worth ₹13 crore, could look like this
Ranbir Kapoor's new hobby just made him sexier to women
Inside Ranbir Kapoor's enviable sneaker collection
> More on Fitness
The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) launched on Saturday the world's smallest rocket with the ability to put a micro-satellite into orbit, following a failed attempt and several postponements over the last year.
The launch of the low-cost rocket -- with a height of 10 metres and 53 centimetres in diameter -- took place from the Uchinoura Space Centre in Kagoshima prefecture and was aired live on YouTube, Efe news reported.
The rocket, an improved version of JAXA's SS-520, was carrying a micro-satellite weighing three kilograms and was developed by the University of Tokyo to capture images of the Earth's surface.
JAXA had launched the first of these rockets on January 2017, which fell into the sea after launch due to short-circuit caused by vibrations during take-off.
The current launch aimed to test the ability of the Japanese aerospace agency to launch low-cost rockets that can put micro satellites into space at affordable rates against a background of growing demand from the private sector.
Satellites for weather observation or defence that are in use are normally large and are commissioned by the authorities.
In recent years there has been increase in the development of smaller ones by private firms for use in traffic control or geographical studies.
Sponsored content
by Movista / a Software as a Service company
How inefficiency drains your bottom line
Whether it's through duplication of efforts, tedious manual processes or employee productivity, inefficiency can cost your business anywhere from 20-30 percent annually.
Imagine this: You're managing the hectic demands of running a business. It's your responsibility to ensure revenue increases for your investors. Suddenly, you realize there is a hole rusted through the bottom of the bucket where you keep all your profits and your hard-earned dollars have been slowing trickling into the dirt. Lost forever. You ask yourself, “Why didn't I see it sooner?” Sadly, the reality is that you are probably already working with various levels and forms of inefficiency in your operations, and whether you've identified those blind spots or not, it could be costing you up to 20-30 percent of your profits each year.
Here are some of the ways inefficiency impacts your business, your bottom line and your teams—and what you can do about it.
Costs
Inefficiency adds cost and drains your bottom line, whether the cost is created by duplication of efforts, poor planning causing overages and fees, rush shipping costs, excess inventory or waste…or, in the worst-case scenario, loss of a client account.
Clearly communicating your company's goals and direction, defining everyone's roles and responsibilities and being transparent about progress made toward completion of those goals will go a long way toward keeping everyone on track, in their correct lanes and delivering excellent work on time. Utilizing a third-party SaaS, like One by Movista, can help get all your employees on the same page, communicate priorities and goals and help accurately report project completion status, mileage and expenses.
Productivity
Scenario 1: Your team has to put in extra hours at work, scrambling to correct mistakes on an order or complete missed deliverables before a deadline. Scenario 2: One employee has noted that her workload is heavier than her coworkers by comparison, and she feels like she's struggling to stay above water and worries that she'll make mistakes. Scenario 3: An employee who's being micromanaged by the boss may feel like he's not trusted to do his job efficiently.
While created by various levels of inefficiency, these are all examples of issues that can drive the negative attitudes that impact productivity—and, ultimately, employee morale.
Logically, an employee who's tired or distracted by other worries just won't generate the same level of work in the same number of hours as an employee who's well-rested, confident and fulfilled by her work.
Since morale has quite a bit to do with getting the best and most out of your company's available work hours, ensuring that you find ways to make the workplace more enjoyable, safer, cleaner or even less boring can go a long way here.
Time
It's a hard truth, but we all have the same 24 hours every day, so it's up to you to prioritize your time and make the most of what you've got. Time wasted is lost forever; you can't get it back. If you find yourself waiting on a process to run, a response from a colleague or direction from a manager—that's time lost, which means money lost.
What's slowing you down? If an old machine has gotten painfully slow or you're using outdated software that needs to be upgraded, then make the investment toward your long-term growth and replace those things. If you spend more time in meetings about work than you do getting to do actual work, that's a problem. Get rid of unnecessary meetings, institute a “no agenda, no meeting” rule, or keep meetings to brief, 15 minute timeframes to ensure you get right to the point and get the information you need. Long response time from associates? Work on a prioritization plan for handling email responses in a reasonable amount of time. Taking too long to complete projects or tasks in the field? Try utilizing a platform, like ONE by Movista, to help get your team aligned and organized.
Whatever you need to do to create more efficiency in your team, it's important to be considerate of others' time and protective of yours.
Trust
An inefficient project management process can breed mistrust within a company and impact morale. If employees start to sense the “Boy Who Cried Wolf” pattern in the workplace, it tends to create some disenchantment—or an “I'll believe it when I see it” mindset that results in poor adoption of changes down the line.
When projects are announced only to drop off altogether, when timelines are set but not adhered to or when management doesn't lead by example to meet the goals they have set for the business, that will damage trust and credibility with employees and clients alike.
The first step toward helping your business run more smoothly, with less wasted time and effort, is to start by identifying what isn't working for you. Maybe you've already recognized a few issues to tackle, the sort of things that always make you think to yourself, “there MUST be a better way to do this!”
Providing additional clarity and transparency in your communications with your team can also garner added traction toward creating efficiency. By helping your employees understand the bigger picture and defining goals, roles and responsibilities, you'll be able to provide a plan where everyone knows what they're supposed to be doing, when they're doing it and why. These steps can help you positively impact your bottom line, and, before you know it, you'll be able to afford to replace that rusty old imaginary bucket with a sturdy, shiny new one.
"This was like a Game 7," Crowder said. "I've been in a Game 7, and this was like the physicality of a Game 7."
"We know it's going to be another war next game," Rubio said. "We have to be tough and be mentally ready for that. We have to be ready for a fight and respond."
Can Oklahoma City put up a better fight on the court Wednesday in Game 5? The Thunder has now been run off the court for nine quarters, dating back to its collapse at the end of Game 2, and shows no signs of solving Utah's swarming defence — as well as continually leaving shooters open for 3s.
"We've got to win," Anthony said. "There's nothing to it. We've just got to win. We can sit here and say what we have to do, or what we did do or didn't do, but it comes down to winning that game on Wednesday."
That will be easier said than done for a Thunder team that looks lost. Anthony was dreadful in Game 4, finishing with 11 points on 5-for-18 shooting. Paul George had 32 points, but he went just 2 for 9 from 3-point range. Westbrook spent much of the game playing out of control and trying to do too much — hence the foul trouble.
But perhaps the most damning thought of the night came from Isaiah Thomas on NBA TV after Westbrook, Anthony and George finished their postgame news conference.
"In listening to them talk, I sense that they don't seem to understand why they're losing," Thomas said. "And, strategically, they haven't figured out a way how to attack Utah and how they can win the basketball game."
The Thunder needs to figure that out in a hurry. If it doesn't, its season could end Wednesday. And, if it is the end, George could be headed elsewhere as a free agent this summer, and this grand experiment could wind up being a blip instead of the start of another title-contending run in Oklahoma City.
Listen, call in and bid on items from area merchants on Saturday from 8am-Noon at 585-786-8131 or 585-786-9259 and all the revenue goes to keep Warsaw Youth Baseball up and running for kids throughout the area. See the list of items here soon.
Asian stocks were on the shaky ground on Wednesday while the Chinese yuan stood near 11-month lows as the spectre of a Sino-U.S. trade war haunted investors ahead of an end-of-week deadline for U.S. tariffs on billions of dollars worth of Chinese imports.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan.MIAPJ0000PUS edged up 0.1 percent in early trade, a day after it hit a nine-month low. Japan's Nikkei .N225 lost 0.5 percent.
Wall Street dropped on Tuesday, giving up early gains in a truncated session ahead of the Independence Day holiday on Wednesday, while technology shares came under pressure just a day after their solid start for the quarter on Monday.
The S&P 500 .SPX lost 0.49 percent while the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 0.86 percent.
Facebook (FB.O) lost 2.3 percent after the Washington Post reported a federal probe on the data breach linked to Cambridge Analytica was broadened while Tesla (TSLA.O) fell 7.2 percent on questions over whether it could sustain the pace of making its Model 3 sedans.
Micron Technology Inc (MU.O) fell 5.5 percent after its rival firm, Taiwan-based competitor United Microelectronics Corp 2303.TW said it received a temporary injunction banning chip sales in mainland China.
Coming on the heels of escalating tensions between the United States and China over tariffs and investment restrictions, the injunction sparked selling in other U.S. chipmakers.
"We have the issue of Micron just when technology shares started to lose momentum after their stellar performance so far this year. If we see further profit-taking in the sector, that would be worrying given their heavy weighting in major indexes," said Nobuhiko Kuramochi, chief strategist at Mizuho Securities.
The news hit chip-related shares in Japan. SMC Corp (6273.T), the manufacturer of machines used for chip-making, fell 6.5 percent while Advantest (6857.T), maker of chip inspection machines, fell 5.6 percent.
Many investors fear Washington will go ahead with its plan to impose tariffs on $34 billion worth of Chinese goods on July 6, which Beijing has vowed to match with tariffs on U.S. products, raising the risk of a full-blown trade war.
In the currency market, the yuan remained under pressure.
The Chinese currency fetched 6.6715 per dollar CNH=D3 in early Asian trade, off Tuesday's 11-month low of 6.7344 after China's central bank moved to calm jittery financial markets.
The People's Bank of China Governor Yi Gang said in a statement on Tuesday that the central bank was closely watching fluctuations in the foreign exchange market and would seek to keep the yuan at a stable and reasonable level.
The Thomson Reuters/HKEX Global CNH index.RXYH, which tracks the offshore yuan against a basket of currencies on a daily basis, has lost more than 3 percent in the past two weeks.
On the other hand, the Mexican peso MXN=D2 surged 2.6 percent, its biggest one-day gain in more than two years, on soothing comments from the country's newly elected leftist president that he will not ramp up spending.
Major currencies were treading water as traders fretted about the fallout of the intensifying trade frictions between Washington and the rest of the world.
The euro stood little changed at $1.1658 EUR=, keeping gains after Germany's coalition settled a row over migration that had threatened to topple Chancellor Angela Merkel's government.
The dollar changed hands at 110.56 yen JPY=.
Oil prices were supported as larger-than-expected fall in U.S. stockpiles data from the American Petroleum Institute confounded worries about the supply shortage.
U.S. light crude futures CLc1 traded up 0.6 percent at $74.62 per barrel, after rising above $75 for the first time in more than three years on Tuesday.
International benchmark Brent futures LCOc1 stood flat at $77.77.
Copper, on the other hand, hit nine-month lows on Tuesday on worries trade frictions could slow down global growth. It last traded at $6,521, up 0.5 percent on the day but still near Tuesday's low of $6,490 CMCU3.
South Korea‘s daily traffic volume increased 17.4 percent from 10 years ago as of last year, the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport said Tuesday.The data was collected by counting vehicles passing through select sections on highways and major roads.The number of registered vehicles reached 21.80 million in 2016, from 20.99 million in 2015.Price of gasoline, meanwhile, declined from 1,405 won ($1.23) per liter in 2015 to 1,293 won the following year.Passenger cars accounted for 72.1 percent of the entire traffic volume, followed by cargo vehicles at 25.1 percent. Buses counted for 2.7 percent.By month, traffic was heaviest in August.By day, traffic volume remained generally steady from Monday to Thursday before peaking on Friday and Saturday.The heaviest traffic was recorded between 5 and 6 p.m.
Sports Hall Athletics comes to Oban on Wednesday March 1 when the contest for the Oban and North Argyll area takes place at
Atlantis Leisure.
The competition is the third of four local area events promoted by Mid Argyll Athletic Club this winter and supported by all the athletic clubs in Argyll.
Specialist equipment is used for various running, jumping and throwing events in small arenas and this indoor version of athletics brings the skills and excitement of track and field into sports halls giving youngsters a taste of athletics in a warm and dry atmosphere.
Competitors are reminded that the Oban competition starts at 4pm on Wednesday March 1 and all entries will be taken on the day. The competition will be held in two sessions with the under-sevens and under-nines age groups starting at 4pm and the under-11s up to under-17s will start at 5.15pm until 7pm. For all age groups the age is taken as on the September 1, 2016.
There will be trophies for the overall winners in each age group and all competitors will receive a medal with ribbon.
The entry fee is £2 per competitor or £5 for families of three or more members.
Successful athletes from the Oban competition will qualify to compete in the Argyll final to be held at Atlantis Leisure in Oban on Sunday March 19. In the final, the best young athletes from the Oban contest will be up against the qualifiers from the other competitions at Lochgilphead, Campbeltown and Tobermory.
By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 9:01 pm |
One might have thought that the Syrian civil war, which over seven years has cost 400,000 killed, caused over five million refugees and involved countless atrocities, has by now exhausted the capacity of the world to be shocked or outraged. No one can live in a state of constant of horror and revulsion; life goes on, even as brutal death and destruction in Syria go on.
Yet, Syria surprised the world on Tuesday as it succeeded in inspiring fresh global indignation, this time without lifting a finger against rebel soldiers or civilians.
The occasion was its appointment to the presidency of the U.N. Conference on Disarmament (CD).
Syria was awarded the honor just weeks after the latest report of the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian authorities against civilians. The Assad regime is widely believed to have perpetrated chemical attacks in at least 14 cases already. Those cases are under investigation by none other than the Organization for the Prevention of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), which was itself created by the Conference on Disarmament, and its most notable achievement to date.
The United States led the response of civilized nations:
“We are outraged at the Syrian regime's blatant disregard for human life, its serial violations of and contempt for its international obligations and its audaciousness in assuming the presidency of an international body committed to advancing disarmament and nonproliferation,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a briefing. “Syria lacks the credibility to assume the presidency.”
Robert Wood, the U.S. ambassador to the Conference, walked out of the plenary in protest, denouncing Syria's assumption of the presidency as a “travesty.” Israel, Britain, Germany and France also protested.
Syria's U.N. Ambassador Hussam Alaa was undaunted. He accused those countries of “double standards” with a chemical weapon policy that does not “take into account the real dangers threatening the world,” and condemning them for bombing regime targets in Syria.
Russia earned a footnote in the annals of cynicism by speaking up for its friends in Damascus.
But what of U.N. officials, who have no stake in propping up Bashar Hafez al-Assad and are presumably also eager to put a stop to the atrocities in his country?
They will argue that the rotating presidency was established in the first place to prevent more powerful countries from competing for the position and dominating the conference.
Syria follows Switzerland in the presidential chair simply because it follows Switzerland in the alphabetical list of member states that determines the rotation.
And thanks to another bylaw, Syria cannot be ousted from its place in the rotation unless all 65 member states — including Syria — vote in favor of doing so. That is why, when Alaa took up his new position, none of the other envoys snatched away his placecard and told him to get lost. Because they can't, according to the rules they themselves made.
Thus, Syria joins a “proud tradition” of the worst malefactors in the world honored with presiding seats of ethics and humanity. Like Saudi Arabia, whose air force has been carrying out indiscriminate bombings in Yemen and is a member of the U.N. Human Rights Council. Like Iran, which sat on the U.N. Economic and Social Council's Commission on the Status of Women. The CD includes (in alphabetical order) such exemplars of human rights as China, Cuba, Iraq, Myanmar, Russia, Sudan and Zimbabwe, all of whom have an unassailable place in the presidential rotation.
It would not have been so hard to downplay the whole matter. The same requirement for total consensus regarding a change in the rotation is also required to pass resolutions. Any one of the 65 members can veto a proposal not to its liking, especially when it comes to exposing and calling for action against its own country. Not surprisingly, the CD is in a state of permanent gridlock, unable to do much of anything to advance the cause of disarmament.
As such, Syria's turn as president will change nothing. It could have been brushed aside as but one of the many absurdities of international diplomacy, causing no harm to anyone. As the man from Damascus argued, there are more urgent matters to discuss than who sits where at the Conference room in Geneva.
But that would have been wrong. The world cannot afford to become apathetic about Syria. No country in the world where such crimes are committed every day can be treated like a member in good standing of the family of nations. No self-respecting international body can allow it.
The United States and its allies were not able to prevent this travesty. But they were right to protest it.
It would have been a crime not to.
CLEMSON, S.C. – Logan Davidson went 2-for-4 with a home run and career-high four RBIs to lead No. 14 Clemson to a 9-4 victory over Kennesaw State at Doug Kingsmore Stadium on Tuesday night in the first-ever meeting between the two programs.
Clemson (30-11) scored four runs in the first inning, highlighted by Davidson's two-run homer, his seventh of the year. After the Owls (23-18) scored two runs in the top of the third inning, the Tigers responded with three runs in the bottom of the third inning. Kyle Wilkie led off with his third homer of the season, then Drew Wharton grounded a run-scoring single and Kier Meredith hit an RBI groundout.
Kennesaw State scored two more runs in the top of the fifth inning before Davidson drew a bases-loaded walk in the bottom of the fifth inning. Davidson then lined a two-out, run-scoring single in the seventh inning for Clemson, who took a 1-0 lead in the home-and-home season series.
Tiger reliever Spencer Strider (4-1) earned the win, as he allowed one hit, no runs and two walks with six strikeouts in 2.2 innings pitched. Ryan Miller pitched the final 2.1 innings to record his fourth save of the year. Owl starter Nathan Dupree (1-1) suffered the loss, as he gave up four runs on two hits and five walks in the first inning.
Pic 'Oumuamua, the mysterious and oddly shaped interstellar asteroid spotted by astronomers, was probably ejected from a binary star system.
The asteroid made headlines back in October last year for resembling a gigantic joint, or cigar, or a turd. The object is so different to other space rocks we've seen before, and appeared from such an unusual direction, that some speculated it could be an alien spacecraft. That Arthur C. Clarke's Rendezvous With Rama described a cylindrical spacecraft that first appeared to be an asteroid in an odd orbit didn't hurt such theories either.
It turned out ‘Oumuamua was just a bit of a weird asteroid, but astronomers were left puzzled by its origins. Now, a paper published in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society on Monday shows that the alien rock was probably born during the formation of a binary star system somewhere beyond the Solar System.
“In single star systems like our own Solar system, comets dominate the mass budget of bodies that are ejected into interstellar space, since they form further away and are less tightly bound,” according to the paper's abstract.
Binary systems, however, are more likely to have larger asteroid belts and be more efficient at ejecting material. It is believed that asteroids like ‘Oumuamua were expelled during the formation of the binary system.
Rocky
The nearest population of binary stars are also dominant sources of rocky material like ‘Oumuamua, leading scientists to believe the stars in the system are probably A-type of late-B type intermediate mass stars.
Alan Jackson, lead author of the paper and a postdoctoral researcher at the Centre for Planetary Sciences at the University of Toronto, said: "It's remarkable that we've now seen for the first time a physical object from outside our Solar System ejects many more comets than asteroids."
‘Oumuamua was detected by astronomers working at the Haleakala Observatory in Hawaii and means scout in Hawaiin. It has a radius of 200 meters and zoomed through our neighbourhood at a whopping 30 kilometers per second. The object came within 33,000,000km of Earth.
Its trajectory, speed, and orbit shape do not match any asteroids in our Solar System, and it is the first confirmed sighting of an interstellar asteroid. Jackson said its orbit has the highest eccentricity ever observed for a foreign object passing through our Solar System.
He hoped that ‘Oumuamua can be used to study how planets formed in other planetary systems. "The same way we use comets to better understand planet formation in our own Solar System, maybe this curious object can tell us more about how planets form in other systems." ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Staff Reporter
Higher education commission has decided to make a comprehensive strategy for stopping the increasing use of drugs in educational institutions including universities. Rs 70 millions would be allocated for attracting the students toward curriculum and extra curriculum activities in universities including Quaid-e-Azam university and prevent them from using drugs. Initially during the current year, Rs 20 millions would be spent for providing treatment to addicted students and prevent other students from using drugs. Seminar and Conferences would be held for creating awareness among students about the negative affects of the drugs in their life and services of expert doctors would be acquired in this regard. Letters would be sent to universities administration to control the drugs smugglers in university limits and the police would be contacted on suspicious activities of any person in the universities. The universities administrators would cooperate with concern authority for avoiding using of drugs in educational institutions.
Mumbai
State Bank of India, the country's biggest lender by assets, said on Sunday it had cut its lending rates by 90 basis points for maturities ranging from overnight to three-year tenures, after experiencing a surge in deposits.
After the move, its so-called overnight marginal cost of funds-based lending rate (MCLR) fell to 7.75 percent from 8.65 percent, while three-year loan rates will now be 8.15 percent from 9.05 percent previously. Lending rates were also cut across other maturities effective Sunday.
Banks have received an estimated 14.9 trillion rupees ($219.30 billion) in old 500, and 1,000 rupees notes from depositors since the government in Nov. 8 unexpectedly banned the banknotes in a bid to fight counterfeiting and bring unaccounted cash to the economy.
That had raised expectations banks would have room to cut lending rates, which is seen as vital to increase credit growth and spark a revival in private investments.—AN
CLEARWATER, Fla. – A Pinellas County sheriff's deputy is recovering Thursday morning after a Clearwater man crashed into his SUV while he was trying to help a disabled vehicle.
The crash happened around 8:55 p.m. Wednesday on McMullen Booth Road at Martin Luther King Street.
Jeronimo Panzo Herrera, 31, is charged with careless driving and driving without a valid license.
The Pinellas County Sheriff's Office said the deputy driving a fully-marked 2015 Chevrolet Tahoe saw a disabled vehicle with its hazard lights while traveling southbound on McMullen Booth Road. The deputy turned on his emergency lights, slowed to a stop and attempted to cross traffic to help the disabled vehicle.
Herrera – who was driving a 2006 Ford F-150 – failed to stop and hit the deputy's bumper.
The deputy went to a local hospital for treatment to minor injuries.
Herrera refused medical treatment at the scene. Deputies arrested Herrera shortly afterwards.
Investigators do not believe speed or impairment were factors in the crash.
The investigation is ongoing.
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10News app now.
Have a news tip? Email desk@wtsp.com, or visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
President Trump finally addressed the cancellation of the Roseanne reboot by making the controversy about himself. Trump tweeted about Roseanne Barr's Twitter scandal Wednesday morning, asking why ABC never apologized for the "horrible" things said about him on the network. "Maybe I just didn't get the call?" he asked.
If you missed the beginning of this saga, ABC cancelled the reboot of Barr's sitcom on Tuesday after the actress made a racist comment apparently directed at Valerie Jarrett, a former Obama adviser. "Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj," Barr wrote.
ABC said Barr's comment was "abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values" in a statement, and Disney CEO Bob Iger called Jarrett to apologize. "He said he had zero tolerance for that sort of racist, bigoted comment and he wanted me to know before he made it public that he was canceling his show," Jarrett said during MSNBC's "Everyday Racism in America" town hall on Tuesday.
Iger's phone call to Jarrett had the president wondering why he had never received a call from the Disney CEO. "Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC," Trump posted.
Although Trump didn't specify which "horrible" comments he was referring to, ABC shows such as The View and Jimmy Kimmel Live! have been critical of the Trump administration.
The president appeared to be a fan of Roseanne, which cast the main character as a Trump supporter in new episodes. The White House confirmed in March that Trump called Barr to congratulate her on the show's success and thank her for supporting his presidency after the reboot aired.
Donald Trump Jr. joined his father in congratulating Barr on the resurrection of her sitcom, tweeting in March: "Wow amazing. Congrats @therealroseanne. If you're not too busy already maybe work in a late night show too... seems there's some demand for an alternate viewpoint."
The president's oldest son also retweeted part of a Twitter rant Barr directed at Chelsea Clinton not long before the tweet about Jarrett caught the internet's attention. Barr called Clinton "Chelsea Soros Clinton" and falsely claimed she was married to a nephew of George Soros, a billionaire investor. After apologizing for the falsehood, Barr went on to post another correction that said Clinton's husband, Marc Mezvinsky, is the son of a "corrupt senator."
The rant didn't stop there, either. Barr later called Soros a "Nazi" (he's not) and claimed he wants to overthrow the American republic by "buying/backing candidates 4 local district attorney races who will ignore US law & favor 'feelings instead.'"
Barr apologized multiple times for the comment about Jarrett and initially said she was leaving Twitter, though she's continued to retweet other accounts. "Thanks for all your kind comments, everyone! Love u all goodnight," she posted Tuesday night.
Although Trump didn't specifically comment on Barr's controversial tweets, he apparently felt he deserved the same recognition Jarrett received from ABC. Jarrett, on the other hand, said on MSNBC that Trump was partially to blame for Barr's ugly words.
“The tone does start at the top, and we like to look up to our president and feel as though he reflects the values of our country," Jarrett said. "But I also think every individual citizen has a responsibility too, and it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be."
Trump did not respond to Jarrett's accusation that his rhetoric since taking office has encouraged racist and bigoted behavior in America.
Share this article:
0 votes
Monday's WWE RAW, featuring the Festival of Friendship with WWE Universal Champion Kevin Owens turning on WWE United States Champion Chris Jericho plus Bayley winning the RAW Women's Title from Charlotte Flair in the main event, drew 3.087 million viewers. This is down from last week's 3.115 million viewers.
For this week's show, the first hour drew 3.199 million viewers, the second hour drew 3.153 million viewers and the final hour drew 2.909 million viewers.
RAW was #3 on cable for the night in viewership, behind The O'Reilly Factor and Tucker Carlson. RAW was #2 on the night in the 18-49 demographic, behind Love & Hip-Hop.
Below is our 2017 RAW Viewership Tracker:
January 2nd Episode: 3.046 million viewers
January 9th Episode: 2.907 million viewers
January 16th Episode: 3.271 million viewers
January 23rd Episode: 3.292 million viewers
January 30th Episode: 3.615 million viewers
February 6th Episode: 3.115 million viewers
February 13th Episode: 3.087 million viewers
February 20th Episode:
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.
WWE Considering Big Turn, Must See New Maryse & Noelle Foley, Triple H Ready to Push Former TNA Star on RAW, WrestleMania 33 Main Events, WWE Star Gets Backstage Heat, New GIFs & Galleries, More
Related
Here are some other things to know about Georgia's visit to Vanderbilt:
FOUR-HEADED MONSTER: Mason may be expecting Fromm at quarterback, but Vanderbilt is preparing for what the coach called a "four-headed monster" thanks to seniors Nick Chubb and Sony Michel leading a talented group of running backs. Georgia is averaging 237.4 yards on the ground led by Chubb with 480 yards and six touchdowns this season. Michel is averaging 5.4 yards per carry with D'Andre Smith picking up 7.3 yards on each of his runs. "They've got a boatload of talent in the backfield," Mason said.
STINGY D: Georgia comes in having given up just three points in the past two games with a six-quarter scoreless streak . That has the Bulldogs ranked second nationally in scoring defence giving up a mere 9.2 points per game. They rank behind only Alabama, which shut out Vanderbilt 59-0 last month.
DORES' CHALLENGE: Vanderbilt ranked among the nation's best in scoring defence too before starting a grueling stretch featuring four ranked teams in as many weeks. Now the Commodores rank 45th nationally in total offence but have been gashed by the run where they're giving up 204.6 yards per game. But they do have linebacker Charles Wright leading the SEC with six sacks.
TALENTED QUARTERBACKS: Fromm has taken good care of the ball for Georgia, throwing for 734 yards with eight touchdowns and only two interceptions. Junior Kyle Shurmur is off to the best season of his career, tied for the SEC lead with 11 TD passes, and he has only been intercepted once. His teammates have given him decent protection too, allowing him to be sacked only three times. Smart said Shurmur was still growing as a quarterback when these teams last met.
"He will be the best pure passing quarterback that we have played against," Smart said.
ROUGH STRETCH: Not only is Vanderbilt playing four ranked teams in consecutive weeks for the first time in school history, that stretch also includes two of the nation's top five programs. The schedule started with a win over then-No. 18 Kansas State, the loss to Alabama, a 38-24 loss at then-No. 21 Florida and now Georgia. Vandy hasn't beaten the Bulldogs in consecutive games since 1956-58. Mason says the tough competition will help his Commodores build the character they will need to play well down the stretch.
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25.
___
Follow Teresa M. Walker at www.twitter.com/teresamwalker
By Teresa M. Walker, The Associated Press
Eight in 10 middle-aged people either weigh too much, drink too much or don't exercise enough, according to a new study which shows modern life is taking its toll on health.
Obesity in adults has increased 16 per cent in the last 20 years, according to data from Public Health England.
Other health problems have followed with diabetes in this age group also doubling in this period. Obese adults are more than five times more likely to develop Type 2 diabetes than those who are a healthy weight (a body mass index between 18.5 and 25)
Promoting the health body's One You campaign, the research shows that 87 per cent of men and 79 per cent of women aged between 40 and 60 are either overweight or obese, exceed the Chief Medical Officer's (CMO) alcohol guidelines, or are physically inactive.
People are being urged to take a moment to consider their health and the simple steps they can take to improve it in the run up to the New Year, by taking the One You online quiz at http://www.nhs.uk/oneyou/how-are-you
The quiz, called ‘How Are You', takes your lifestyle information, gives you a health score and then links to free localised, personalisable information, apps and tools.
More than 1.1 million people have taken the quiz so far and where appropriate, been directed to download apps like Couch to 5K, Alcohol Checker and Easy Meals.
These sit alongside PHE's other online tools like the Heart Age tool which gives you your ‘heart age' based on your age and lifestyle.
Professor Sir Muir Gray, Clinical Adviser for the One You campaign, said: “The demands of modern day living are taking their toll on the health of the nation, and it's those in middle age that are suffering the consequences most, as their health reaches worrying new levels.
“Over 15 million Britons are living with a long term health condition, and busy lives and desk jobs make it difficult to live healthily. But just making a few small changes will have significant benefits to people's health now and in later life.”
PARTY PIECES: Blood Brother has teamed with Selfridges on a capsule range for the retailer's Music Matters initiative, which opened in-store this week.
Launched in 2011 by Nicholas Biela and James Waller, the label is known for its smart casualwear and relaxed formalwear. Waller noted that the range was inspired by the duo's history of throwing parties. For example, rave and nightclub flyers have become graphics on T-shirts and hoodies.
“We used to put on nights where we would get our mates to DJ and get down with everyone — friends, family, colleagues,” said Waller. “It was a great way of bringing people together, which is what Blood Brother is all about.”
The 11-piece men's wear range consists of T-shirts, hoodies and bags in hues of acid green, bright pink, blue, white and black. Prices range from 55 pounds for a T-shirt to 160 pounds for a bag.
He Quanlin, Chen Xiaochen
IN recent years, the Belt and Road (B&R) initiative has developed rapidly. Countries and regions along the route of the initiative have conducted in-depth cooperation in infrastructure, energy, trade, investment and finance since President Xi Jinping proposed the B&R initiative in 2013. However, along with such cooperation, disputes are also rising, making it extremely urgent to establish a dispute settlement regime for the B&R.
The existing dispute settlement regime cannot meet the increasing needs of the B&R. There are two main ways to solve disputes: one is the litigation mechanism, including legislative and judicial methods, while the second mainly involves arbitration and mediation.
When it comes to the litigation mechanism, there are varied legal systems in economies along the B&R, which makes it more difficult to resolve disputes in this way. The legal systems include the Continental law system, the Anglo-American law system and the Islamic law system. Moreover, most of the economies involved are developing countries, where domestic legal systems are imperfect. In Jordan, judicial proceedings for commercial disputes generally take three to four years, according to data from China's Ministry of Commerce.
As for arbitration and mediation, these methods play an important role in effectively promoting dispute settlement, but there are many problems when such methods are applied to B&R disputes. It can be expensive and time-consuming to resort to international arbitration institutions. The International Center for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID) is one of the most important such institutions. But the average arbitration fee per case at the ICSID is about $500,000, which is unaffordable to most low-income countries along the B&R.
What's more, there is a lack of enforcement mechanisms for arbitration awards. For example, in order to ensure the enforcement of arbitration, according to Understanding on Rules and Procedures Governing the Settlement of Disputes (DSU), the World Trade Organization (WTO) provides a mechanism called cross-retaliation. When the losing country refuses to implement or fails to reach a consensus with the winning one within 20 days, the winning country can retaliate against the losing one under WTO authorization.
Finally, because it is based on maritime law, the international arbitration system mainly deals with disputes on maritime trade. But B&R disputes are mostly land-based trade disputes. Therefore, it is necessary to create a new regime for international arbitration and mediation.
Furthermore, Chinese overseas enterprises sometimes fail to defend their rights when seeking international arbitration for disputes. For example, Ping An Insurance Group of China submitted an arbitration request to the ICSID, alleging that the intervention of the Belgian government had caused great losses to the company and demanding that the Belgian government provide reasonable compensation. Eventually, in 2015, the ICSID rejected all of Ping An's claims. This outcome shows that enterprises in developing countries have low levels of internationalization and experience in dispute settlement.
China already has the capacity to build dispute settlement regimes and institutions. For one thing, since the financial crisis in 2008, developing countries have become an important force for the improvement of the global economy, and China has made a great contribution to the development of the world economy. According to data from the World Bank, China's contribution to world economic growth among major countries and regions from 2012 to 2016 reached 34 percent.
Also as of 2017, China had established 11 free trade zones, which can serve as pilot sites for international arbitration institutions. In 2016, the Hong Kong International Arbitration Center settled in the China (Shanghai) Free Trade Zone. Meanwhile, the Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration has expanded its powers to include international dispute settlements between governments and enterprises.
In conclusion, the defects of the existing dispute settlement regime make it necessary for China to build a new one for the B&R, and this is something that China has the ability to do. As the initiator of the B&R initiative, China has a responsibility to build an associated dispute settlement regime, contributing to global governance.
—Courtesy: Global Times
[He Quanlin is an intern research fellow at the Chongyang Institute for Financial Studies, Renmin University of China (RDCY). Chen Xiaochen is director of the International Studies Department at RDCY. [email protected]]
The new two-lane East Legon-Spintex road underpass is now open to traffic.
Commuters and road users who ply the East Legon tunnel to Accra and Spintex and vice versa will not be in traffic for hours anymore.
The new 8.5-meter wide tunnel has helped to ease traffic in that area of Accra as it has ensured a continuous two-way flow of traffic instead of the previous alternating flows that motorists were experiencing under the old one-way 4.5-meter wide tunnel.
READ MORE: Huge tree falls on car near KFC causing massive traffic
play East Legon to Spintex opens to traffic
Popularly called the under-bridge, commuters of that particular stretch have finally been answered as the traffic situation in the area has eased.
The 4.5-meter wide tunnel was constructed in the 1950s.
READ ALSO: AMA storms East Legon's ‘Ashawo joint' for demolition exercise
play East Legon to Spintex opens to traffic
The old tunnel was constructed to serve as a cattle crossing point when the motorway was opened to traffic in November of 1965 but as residential developments expanded at East Legon and beyond, it became prudent to convert the cattle crossing for vehicular use under an alternating one-way traffic system.
play East Legon to Spintex opens to traffic
play East Legon to Spintex opens to traffic
1.Dame Laura Davies recorded her best finish on the LPGA Tour since 2007 after finishing runner-up to Inbee Park at the LPGA Founders Cup. Bidding to become the oldest winner in LPGA Tour history, the 54-year-old followed up a 63 on Saturday – her lowest round on the LPGA Tour since 2005 – with a 69 on Sunday to finish in a three-way tie for second. “It was incredible,” Davies said of her performance. “People might stop asking me when I'm going to retire now. I can say, I finished second last week, that's the good bit."
--
2. Patrick Reed dished out a little bit of shade towards Ryder Cup partner Jordan Spieth after getting himself in a tricky spot in the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational. The American was denied relief by a rule official and, in conversation with said official, uttered: “I guess my name needs to be Jordan Spieth, guys.” Watch the exchange below:
Reed with a little shade towards Spieth! pic.twitter.com/nsLdR10r7U — Deuce (@ssteele55) March 19, 2018
3. Last week, Bryson DeChambeau was forced to withdraw after the first round of the Valspar Championship with a back injury. But what a difference a week makes as he contended at the Arnold Palmer Invitational, ending up finishing runner-up to Rory McIlroy. After his third round, DeChambeau was asked by reporters what the issue was. He responded in a way only a man whose nickname is the ‘Golfing Scientist' could:
Visual on Bryson back injury quote: pic.twitter.com/ildnMiWUF2 — Will Gray (@WillGrayGC) March 17, 2018
4.Russell Knox finished T73 at the Arnold Palmer Invitational and, at world No.98 at the start of the week, the 32-year-old now finds himself outside the world top 100 for the first time since January 2015. Knox is now world No.101 and Martin Laird is No.103. But, perhaps more noteworthy is that this is the first time since July 2010 that no Scots are featured in the top 100. It's also shaping up to be the first time since 2010 that no Scots will be teeing it up at the Masters.
--
5. With Bay Hill within commuting distance for a lot of tour pros, some chose to rock up to the tournament in their own wheels instead of the usual courtesy cars provided by tournament organisers. For his Sunday round, Ian Poulter chose to rock him in this stunning red Ferrari – something that wasn't lost on Sky Sports commentator and major champion Rich Beem.
He decided on the red one today...@IanJamesPoulter. Dead sexy. pic.twitter.com/7iIcPxVhdX — Rich Beem (@beemerpga) March 18, 2018
Dead sexy indeed.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Georginio Wijnaldum has been praised for rolling up his sleeves to do Liverpool's "dirty work".
Wijnaldum has stepped up to the plate for Liverpool in midfield in the absence of the injured Jordan Henderson and Adam Lallana to play his part in the Reds' Champions League push.
The Dutchman has shown the defensive side to his game in addition to his five goals and eight assists and midfield partner Emre Can say he has been invaluable.
Wijnaldum, a £25million buy from Newcastle in the summer, was voted the club's Player of the Month for March and Can tell liverpoolfc.com : "He's a very, very important player for us, because he's the link man.
"He's doing it very well. He's strong as well, a very strong guy. He can play, he's a very good footballer, but defensively he's working very well too."
(Photo: PA)
Wijnaldum, 25, has helped Liverpool reel off five wins and two draws from their last seven games to close in on a top-four spot.
The former Toon star may go under the radar at Anfield, but Can say his team-mates appreciate his work for the team.
"He's done brilliantly for us so far this season," said the Germany international. "He's played very well.
"He's not eye-catching sometimes, but he's doing the dirty work for us. He's a very important player."
The actual attempt at the world land-speed record may be delayed, but the Bloodhound SSC is gearing up for launch. The project team has announced the 1,000-mph vehicle will conduct its first test run this October.
Previously, the Bloodhound SSC team was scheduled to attempt a run at a world record this coming October, but sponsorship qualms pushed the attempt to late 2018. The October date is significant, though. The Bloodhound SSC will fire up and test 20 years to the day that Andy Green steered the Thrust SSC to a world land-speed record in 1997. Green will also pilot the Bloodhound SSC this fall.
The team will first carry out "tie-down" tests with the jet engine running and the car chained to the ground. Here, the team will be able to check air intake, fuel, and electrical systems before actually setting a pilot behind the wheel. The jet engine and wheels shod with pneumatic tires will help in the testing process before final parts are fitted for its world-record attempt. All of the data collected in the tie-down and other dynamic tests will be crucial in planning the attempt next year in South Africa. The current record sits at 763 mph. As mentioned, the Bloodhound SSC is capable of going 1,000 mph.
Finally, all systems will be a go on October 15, 2017. Green will climb behind the wheel and put the Rolls-Royce EJ200 jet engine-powered car to work. The team invites fans to witness the run, which will take place at Cornwall Airport Newquay in the United Kingdom. During the test, the car is expected to surpass speeds of 200 mph on the 1.7-mile runway.
Pistons' Andre Drummond (pink eye) will miss Friday's preseason game against the Hawks. (Photo: Clarence Tabb Jr., Detroit News)
Auburn Hills — The Pistons already were shorthanded in their opener; now, they'll be down another starter for tonight's game.
Reggie Jackson (sore groin) and Andre Drummond (pink eye) will miss tonight's second preseason game against the Atlanta Hawks at Little Caesars Arena.
For Jackson, it's another missed game — more precautionary than dire — and Drummond's is an effort to prevent the issue from spreading further.
“(Reggie's) not going to go. He probably could; (Head trainer Jon Ishop) just felt that being able to give him today and tomorrow is an off day for us — well get him back,” coach Stan Van Gundy said. “He doesn't want to take a chance of exacerbating it.”
More:Five takeaways from Pistons' preseason opener
Drummond had 16 points and 15 rebounds in Wednesday's opener, a 108-106 loss to the Charlotte Hornets, so Jon Leuer will get the start in the middle.
“Yesterday they started him on medicine but his eye swelled up more,” Van Gundy said. “What you're worried about there is not only him but the fact that it's contagious, so he can't really play with it. He wasn't here this morning because we don't want to take a chance with anybody else.
“You're not going to get pink eye sitting next to him, but if you're out there banging around and sweating and the sweat makes it worse.”
The training staff expects Drummond to return for Sunday's practice, in preparation for Monday's game against the Indiana Pacers and Tuesday's matchup at Toronto.
In addition, Reggie Bullock has a knee issue and Dwight Buycks (hip flexor) also will be out.
Rod.Beard@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @detnewsRodBeard
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are few ways better to start the year's star gazing than with a beautiful shower of meteors to light up the sky.
That's exactly what we're due to enjoy from January 4, when the Quadrantid meteor shower begins.
The downside to this particular shower is that UK residents won't likely see much of it, as it peaks at 13:30 in the afternoon, meaning our North American friends will get the best show.
Read on for a bit more on the Quadrantid meteor shower as well as more to expect later this month.
4 January – Quadrantid meteor shower
The Quadrantid, ideally viewed by those near the Mississippi River, will be visible as 60 to 120 meteors per hour.
For six hours before and after the maximum, these meteors will appear blue as their magnesium burns up on entry into the Earth's atmosphere.
The Quadrantid meteor shower appears to radiate from the former Quadrans Muralis constellation.
The meteors themselves are residue from the asteroid 2003 EH1, thought to have been broken up way back in the 1490s.
12 January – View Venus
Venus will reach its greatest eastern elongation on 12 January, meaning it'll be 47.1 degrees from the Sun, making it the best time to view the planet from Earth.
Venus will be at its highest points above the horizon in the evening sky (UTC time). To spot it look for the bright planet in the western sky just after sunset.
17 January – Vesta asteroid
Vesta is the brightest of all the asteroids visible this month, says NASA, so well worth looking out for.
Vesta will be at its peak brightness on 17 January and can be spotted by using Gemini's twin stars Castor and Pollux to locate the asteroid.
19 January – View Mercury
On 19 January Mercury will reach its greatest western elongation. That will put the planet at 24.1 degrees from the Sun.
This means that Mercury will be at its highest point on the horizon in the morning sky and should be easily visible.
Check out Mercury low in the eastern sky just before sunrise (UTC time).
Its Survival In Doubt, Sears Struggles To Transform Once Again
Enlarge this image toggle caption Cheryl Corley/NPR Cheryl Corley/NPR
A century ago, it was one of the biggest names in retail. Now, even Sears officials say its future could be in doubt — though they say they have plans to make sure the retail icon survives.
Nancy Koehn with the Harvard Business School says in its early days — Sears Roebuck and Co. was like Amazon is today — a retailer of great disruption.
For Sears, it meant a path-breaking strategy of offering all sorts of merchandise in catalogs and building department stores in remote places with ample parking.
"It wasn't the Internet, but it was the same idea that no matter where you are you can touch and feel and imagine what these different products could mean in your life by virtue of an outreach, a distribution channel that an imaginative and gutsy retailer — in this case Sears — had created and then invested in and then enlarged," Koehn says.
Elgin, Ill., about 40 miles northwest of Chicago, is one town where Sears' innovation is clearly visible. Drive through the streets of one neighborhood and more than likely there will be a Sears Roebuck mail order kit house on one of the lots.
Dr. Rebecca Hunter, an architectural historian, stands on the porch of one of them — an arts and crafts style bungalow listed as "The Osborne" in the Sears catalog. It's one of about 200 Sears homes in Elgin.
toggle caption Cheryl Corley/NPR
"It's a phenomenon that gained popularity in the 1920s," Hunter says. "Mostly your framing boards were cut at the mill and numbered so that your builder would know how to put them together."
Between 1908 and 1940, Sears sold blueprints and approximately 70,000 pre-cut kit houses. It was a small part of the company's booming business. Sears' stature is far smaller these days amid a constantly changing retail landscape which brought with it the dominance of Amazon, the rise of e-commerce and big-box discount retailers.
It's left brick-and-mortar stores reeling. Despite its merger with Kmart in 2005, Sears has consistently lost millions of dollars each quarter.
The retailer has closed hundreds of stores, slashed jobs and sold off key assets like the Lands' End clothing line and its legendary Craftsman brand — although both brands continue to be sold at Sears. Independent retail analyst Sucharita Mulpuru says these changes haven't worked.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Cheryl Corley/NPR Cheryl Corley/NPR
"There are just so many onerous forces relating to competition," she says. "I think that no matter what they do, they are fighting a losing battle."
In a memo, CEO Eddie Lampert says Sears is taking decisive action to return to profitability and to become a new kind of retailer. Some analysts accuse Lampert of sucking the value out of the company, selling off its most marketable assets. Then there's that line in Sears' recent annual report to federal regulators — which states "substantial doubt exists related to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern."
But Leena Munjal, a Sears senior vice president in charge of retail operations, says that reports of the company's demise are exaggerated.
"Do we have challenges? Absolutely," she says. "Just like many of the retailers out there and we are all trying to figure out what are the changes we need to make to our business models to be able to rise to those challenges."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Cheryl Corley/NPR Cheryl Corley/NPR
Sears' transformation plan includes a membership program called Shop Your Way. Customers collect points they can redeem when they shop at Sears. The company's also worked on ways to make it more convenient for customers to shop online, or on their phones.
The Sears at Woodfield Mall, about 30 miles northwest of Chicago, is huge. There are clothes, fitness equipment and aisles of gleaming appliances. Carla and Jeremy Lang push their twin 18-month-old sons in a stroller while looking at ovens and stoves. Carla Lang says they've heard about the store's financial troubles.
"We've read stuff online that they may be closing stores and what not, but we still come here," she says. "It's close by, and like I said we've had success with purchasing things."
There are others though, loyal past shoppers, who haven't been in a Sears for years. Susan Mullen has fond memories of the store, but says she's not sure Sears' efforts to transform itself will work.
"It fits no niche. It's not a discount place. It's not high end," Mullen says. "It has no identity anymore. I guess it tried to be everything to everybody and it was very successful at that. But now it's nothing to nobody, which is sad."
But Munjal says that as a company with more than $20 billion in sales, Sears is still important to many and she invites former customers to give the company another chance while it implements changes. It's all part of the effort to counter the predictions of a slow death for Sears, while bolstering the reputation of a company that's been in business for more than a century.
UDPS opposition party leader Felix Tshisekedi gestures to supporters as he arrives to address a rally in Kinshasa on April 24, 2018, the first opposition rally authorized since September 2016. By Junior D. KANNAH (AFP)
The first authorised mass rally by the Democratic Republic of Congo's opposition in nearly two years passed off peacefully on Tuesday, months ahead of a key presidential election in the vast, mineral-rich state.
Thousands of members and supporters of the Union for Democracy and Social Progress (UDPS) gathered in the capital Kinshasa to hear their leader, Felix Tshisekedi, outline some of his party's electoral aims.
In a major climb from the government, Tuesday's rally was given the go-ahead by authorities after several opposition protests in recent months were met by a deadly security crackdown.
"We applaud the police's restraint. They are going to have to learn to treat us like citizens and not like adversaries," Tshisekedi told the crowd.
The mood at the rally, in a UDPS stronghold district of the capital, was upbeat amid a discreet police presence.
Public demonstrations have been officially banned in the country since September 2016, when dozens of demonstrators were killed in Kinshasa after calling for the departure of President Joseph Kabila, whose second and final mandate ended in December 2016.
A new vote is due to take place on December 23 after two postponements that have stoked fears of renewed unrest.
Kabila should have stepped down at the end of 2016 but has remained in office under a provision allowing him to retain power until a successor is chosen.
In addition to a deepening political crisis, DR Congo is struggling with armed conflict in its vast, lawless east, which is under the sway of multiple rebel groups.
'A new beginning'
The date of Tuesday's rally was significant as it came 28 years to the day that a multi-party system was first introduced when former dictator Mobutu Sese Seko lifted a ban on opposition parties.
But the country has never had a peaceful transfer of power. Recent banned opposition demonstrations have seen dozens killed, according to the UN, many near the headquarters of Tshisekedi's party.
The opposition leader Tuesday addressed a recently signed agreement with the government to repatriate the body of his late father, Etienne Tshisekedi, a historic opposition figure, who died in February 2017 in Brussels.
But he firmly denied rumours that he was in discussions with Kabila to be appointed prime minister.
"Apart from the discussions around the funeral, there are no other discussions," said Tshisekedi, who was chosen as the UDPS's presidential candidate in March.
"You chose me as a presidential candidate so why would I want to be prime minister?" he asked.
He also repeated his opposition to the proposed use of electronic voting machines during the December 23 vote.
UDPS Christian Mokonkole told AFP that Tuesday's rally represented "a new beginning for our leadership".
"If we have elections organised at the end of this year, we are supporting him (Tshisekedi) to win this election and to start our project to develop this country," Mokonkole added.
DR Congo -- home to the world's largest UN peacekeeping force -- has vast mineral wealth and natural resources but decades of chronic unrest has severely hampered development.
Meanwhile, Lumuna Sando, a former spokesman for Mobutu and government heavyweight, said "nothing much has changed" since Mobutu lifted the ban on the opposition.
"There are similarities in the debate, the behaviour and the positions taken by Congolese politicians," he said.
Halle Berry took to Twitter Friday to express her sadness and anger regarding allegations of sexual harassment against her former manager, Vincent Cirrincione.
The Oscar-winning actress responded hours after The Washington Post published a story in which nine women accused Cirrincione, 70, of harassment. Most say he tried to impress them by mentioning the names of Berry and another client, Taraji P. Henson, while pressuring the acting hopefuls for sexual favours.
Several say Cirrincione, who is white, presented himself as a gatekeeper for black actresses in a mostly white industry.
“Yesterday I was saddened by the (allegations) against my former manager, Vincent Cirrincione, but today I'm sick after reading the horrifying detailed accounts of his abuse toward 9 women,” she tweeted.
The tweet continued as Berry expressed anger at Cirrincione for using her Hollywood status to try to persuade women of colour that he could help them become stars.
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 12:14 pm |
LONDON (AP) - Ryanair is calling on British airports to curb alcohol sales following sharp increases in the number of incidents involving disruptive passengers.
The budget airline issued a statement on Monday, calling for a ban on alcohol sales before 10 a.m. and for limiting the number of drinks in bars and restaurants to a maximum of two.
The airline cited Civil Aviation Authority statistics showing a 600 percent increase in disruptive incidents between 2012-2016 and said most involved alcohol.
Ryanair's Kenny Jacobs says it's unfair “that airports can profit from the unlimited sale of alcohol to passengers and leave the airlines to deal with the safety consequences.”
The airline says it has taken steps to prevent disruptive behavior on its flights, including preventing consumption of duty-free alcohol purchases on board.
Camden Gianni Josh DaFoe
With just three matches and a tournament remaining in the regular season, the La Costa Canyon boys volleyball team sports a 16-5 record, is undefeated in Avocado League West play, ranked No. 2 in the section according to the latest Union-Tribune poll and 11th in the state by MaxPreps, making it a legitimate contender for the 2018 CIF Open Division Championship by any measure.
The Mavericks have history on their side as well, having collected 14 CIF titles (the last coming in 2015), the last 12 under the tutelage of current Head Coach Mark Brubaker. Yes, they did lose last year's championship final, 3-2, to La Jolla (also top-ranked at this point of the 2018 season) but had every chance to win that encounter and seem to have the necessary tools to potentially take the last step this time around. Still, the jury remains out on the Mavs—and last Friday's, 3-1, road victory over a solid but unspectacular Cathedral Catholic squad laid those uncertainties out clearly.
LCC won the first two sets but struggled in both, then dropped the third by two points before rebounding to clinch the match 25-21. Two days prior to the that triumph, when asked about the keys to winning at the high school level, Brubaker spoke plainly saying, “Consistency wins. Just being able to be consistent and maintain your level of play over the course of the match is the most important thing.”
Against Cathedral, the Mavericks produced some truly top flight runs, stretches that had fans “oohing and aahing,” their bench falling down in mock amazement and the host Dons disheartened with a “what are we supposed to do about that?” look on their faces. One, 10-1, blitz that turned a tight second set into an apparent runaway showcased LCC at its finest—scoring points in bunches via standard outside sets, feeds to the middle, back row blasts, stuff blocks, aces, you name it—all while making big plays on defense and getting contributions from every player on the floor.
“When you have talented players, all playing together, it's great to see and fun to watch,” said Brubaker, who took over the head coaching reins at LCC in 2000.
Then there's the other side of the coin. Inexplicable lapses, sometimes lengthy, where unforced errors allow lesser opponents to stay in games seemingly out of reach. And as the end of the season approaches, a big question still looms—can any team, no matter how talented win a series of matches against good teams, like LCC would be facing in the CIF Playoffs, while operating in this fashion.
“It would be very tough to play up-and-down, like we did at Cathedral, against a good team or set of teams and expect to win every time,” said Brubaker, who grew up in volleyball crazy Hermosa Beach and also teaches (biology & environmental science) at LCC. “Cathedral gave us some breaks that allowed us to regroup. As the competition gets tougher, you're not going to get those breaks.
“Working as a team is always a bit of a process, something that doesn't necessarily happen immediately. Watch the better teams at the high school level and they have a group of guys that just get along, like playing together and talk to each other—that's sometimes hard when you have kids who are at different skill levels, in different grades and may not have much interaction outside of volleyball
“That communication and focus is something we're going to continue to work on in practice. With a match against a tough Sage Creek (No. 3) team coming up and the Redondo Beach Varsity Classic Tournament, where we'll see multiple good teams, we'll have opportunities to concentrate on keeping our focus through whole matches and a tournament. It should be a good barometer of where we are for CIF.”
Brubaker has three starters back from the 2017 team—senior outside hitter Camden Gianni, 6-foot-7 senior middle blocker Colin Lovejoy and junior libero Lance Muret—as well as junior outside hitter Nick Vanags who has gone from sophomore reserve to the starting lineup. At 6-4, the athletic Gianni, who transferred to LCC from Santa Fe Christian as a junior, is the biggest gun in the Mavs' arsenal. With just under 300 kills already this season, he's far-and-away LCC's top offensive producer statistically. A big jumper with power and sneaky quickness who can hit the high ball outside or come out of the back row with equal effectiveness, Gianni is also the man junior setter Ayden Cole looks for when the Mavericks have to have a point.
“Camden is one of the best overall players in San Diego and effects matches on both sides of the net,” said Brubaker. “From our side, he's that ‘rock.' He doesn't go way up or down emotionally. He's got a very high volleyball IQ and keeps that stability at all times, allowing us to ride out stretches when we might not be playing that well.
“From the other side, he's a weapon and everyone knows he's a weapon. A lot of times you can see that our opponents are worrying so much about him that it opens up our middles and other hitters.” Gianni is also a steady passer, possesses a heavy jump serve that is usually reliable for a few quick points a match and has a perspective on the '18 squads similar to his coach's.
“I'm one of our team captains this year and like being a leader but different teams require different styles,” says Gianni. “I am a leader on our club team but there everyone has played together for a long time and instinctively knows what to do on the court.
“In high school, teams switch lineups more often and the expectancy is to talk more on the court. I'm not a rah-rah type so it's been a completely different role but I'm learning and getting better at keeping everyone engaged. I thought the Cathedral match was a great eye-opener to how good we can be. We're coming around.”
As La Costa Canyon looks to close out a perfect Avocado West season and move on to the CIF Open Division tournament, Gianni talked with the Encinitas Advocate about the team's hopes in the post-season, what his teammates bring to the squad and what's on tap after graduation.
Q—How tough was it to be so close last season and not get the CIF Championship?
GIANNI—It was kind of a weird feeling. Early in the season, we knew we were capable of doing great things but it seemed like things kind of moved forward really fast and all of a sudden we were in the championship game. That was something that maybe we weren't totally ready for, got there and didn't know what to expect.
I don't think our team doubted that we could win but we might not have been 100 percent confident. It was a pretty exciting fight and a heartbreaker to lose. It would have been nice to get that last win but I think we accomplished more than we thought we could.
Q—La Jolla is currently ranked No. 1 in the section. Would you like another shot at them?
GIANNI—It's still too early to think about it but I would love to play them again. If that happens, I feel like we'll know them better and after last year's experience be ready for the moment.
Q—What differences do you see between this year and last year's team?
GIANNI—We had a big senior class last year (6 or 7) and only four this year and that's been a big change. We have some older guys, but our entire bench is younger players and first-year varsity players. Even at this point of the season, I don't think everyone is totally sure exactly where they fit. That seems to get better every week, every match so I'd say we're still improving and have a lot of upsides.
Q—Did you play any other sports when you were younger, when did you get started in volleyball and what's made it your primary sport?
GIANNI—When I was younger, I was a football and baseball guy. I started playing volleyball in sixth grade and just played games here and there at school through eighth grade. When I went to Santa Fe Christian, I decided to play football and volleyball. During my sophomore year, I broke my back playing football which led to two decisions.
One was to invest all my sports efforts into volleyball. I needed to enjoy and want to compete every day at whatever I was doing. I came to the conclusion that football wasn't for me and I had a gift for volleyball.
The second decision was to transfer to La Costa Canyon which has turned out well. It's a completely different environment from small, private school to big, public school. There are so many more people to interact with and no matter what your interests are, you can find people to interact with who are similar. The volleyball is really enjoyable, everyone gets along, we're doing well and just loving life.
Q—How passionate and competitive do you consider yourself on the court?
GIANNI—Passionate? I'm 100 percent all the time. I love going to practice every single day, love getting better and making strides as a team. Competitively, it's the same thing. I have a pretty even temperament on the court and don't like talking about my skills—I'd rather just play the game. I expect a lot from myself and it's important to me that I play up to those expectations and not worry about what others might think.
Q—What gives you the most satisfaction on a volleyball court?
GIANNI—There are a lot of things but I love crushing the ball, particularly on a back row attack. I also like making a perfect pass on a tough serve.
Q—What can you tell us about your LCC teammates?
GIANNI—Nick Vanags, our junior outside hitter, has the most intensity and brings all the energy on the court. He gets everyone fired up which is usually a plus. Colin's (Lovejoy) a middle blocker who is very confident in himself and his abilities and always wants the ball no matter what the situation. Those are great attributes. I've seen a lot of middles are usually looking for only perfect sets. He wants everything.
Ayden (Cole), our setter, is a quiet leader and, like me, tends to be quiet until you get to know him. He's always communicating on the court, though, trying to figure out how he can do things better for the hitters. Lance (Muret) is a libero and our other team captain. He has a beach volleyball background, is a great leader and expects a lot from himself and others.
Logan Cox is our other middle. He's new to the varsity this year and I'm still trying to figure out what he's like but I know he's pretty big, brings a lot of energy and communicates pretty well. Jake Robbins is a senior outside hitter and really a funny guy who has improved his passing and hitting this year. At crucial moments, he always seems to make big plays. I also have to mention Jack Patrick who is a senior and the loudest bench player I've ever known. He's a great part of our team.
Q—What does Coach Mark Brubaker bring to the team and how has he helped your game?
GIANNI—He expects a lot out of us which is what you want from a coach. He's always pushing us to do everything we need to in order to be better in both games and practice. He's helped me improve my hitting efficiency. I can jump pretty high and have a tendency to swing down on blocks, trying to make a big play. He's gotten me to swing deeper which increases my chances of scoring every time.
Q—Aside from the sports you've played (volleyball, football, baseball) is there another sport you think you might be pretty good at? What's a sport you might not do as well at?
GIANNI—I would probably say I could be successful at basketball. I played some when I was younger but I was always a football-baseball guy and never really committed to a winter sport. My size and jumping fits well.
Lacrosse is a sport I'd probably have trouble with. I have a lot of friends who love it and I can't understand why. It is a contact sport but I'm not very good at throwing a ball without being able to touch it.
Q—What is something interesting that nobody on your team knows about you?
GIANNI—I don't think my teammates know that I played quarterback on the football team at Santa Fe Christian. As the QB, you're kind of the team orchestrator. Volleyball is a mental sport so that transition was pretty easy. I never make impulsive decisions which also helps in volleyball.
Q—What do you like to do in your free time?
GIANNI—I like hanging out at the beach with my friends and going to Six Flags. I also have an uncle who lives in Hawaii and he invites me out once or twice a year, which is great.
Family is also very important to me. I have a really great family (one younger brother and one younger sister) that I like to be around. I feel loved and give the same back.
Q—What do you have planned after graduation from LCC?
GIANNI—I'm going to go to Grand Canyon University and play volleyball there. I had a number of opportunities, volleyball-wise, and after looking at the more appealing options, I felt that GCU would be the best overall. I think it will be similar to Santa Fe Christian since it has a Christian orientation. SFC was a small, close knit community. GCU is a lot bigger school but still had the close knit feel.
On the academic side, I will be a business management major with a goal of eventually getting into commercial real estate, architecture or something along those lines. I don't want to be behind a desk, I want to be active in a job.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jan Vertonghen believes Spurs' feud with Chelsea is at “the same level” as their bitter rivalry with Arsenal .
The Belgian defender is back from suspension for Wednesday's showdown with Antonio Conte's league leaders at White Hart Lane.
Resurgent Tottenham , on a run of five League wins from their last six, will become the latest team to try and stop runaway Chelsea's winning streak of 13 matches.
Spurs smashed the Blues 5-3 at the Lane on New Year's Day two years ago.
Chelsea broke the hearts of Mauricio Pochettino's men last season by holding them to an explosive May draws that officially ended their title challenge.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
Historically, Spurs' biggest beef has always been with Arsenal, with whom they have shared north London for over a century.
But Vertonghen said: "For me it's at the same level. They've [Chelsea] done so well in the last 10-15 years and they're right up there.
"Especially this season, they're the team to beat. And I know a couple of guys there so that it always makes it a bit more interesting.”
(Photo: Getty)
Conte's revamp of last season's underachievers has left the Blues' title rivals trailing in their wake.
Defeat for Spurs, already ten points behind Conte's men, will almost certainly end their title chances.
Vertonghen, speaking to Sky Sports, admitted his side have little margin for error.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Reuters)
Reflecting on how much Wednesday's visitors have improved since a dismal 2015-16 campaign as champions: ”[They're] Totally different. I can't really remember the Chelsea team from last year if you see this team.
"If you see how they play, how many goals they score and how many goals they don't concede.
"They're just a very strong team and it looks like the team to beat this year.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's that time of month again as the most and least expensive homes sold in August are revealed.
The most expensive sale UK sale was an £18 million flat in Westminster, while the cheapest home was a terraced house in Staffordshire which was snapped up for a measly £5,300.
Five Cambridgeshire properties sold in excess of £1 million in August. The most expensive sale was Shingay Gate Farm, Royston (pictured above), which sold for £1,650,000 on August 3.
This country home features a whopping six bedrooms, a triple aspect home cinema and an air conditioned leisure suite with swimming pool, hot tub, sauna and gym area. It is, in short, a pretty fantastic home.
And the new owners managed to pick it up for a full £100,000 cheaper than the guide price from estate agents Bidwells. Bargain!
Bidwells had a bumper month in August, as they also managed to shift the region's second most expensive property in south east Cambridge, which sold for £1,612,000. This was an Edwardian semi-detached home which had been extensively renovated after the previous owners bought it in 2001.
As well as charming period features across three storeys, there is an extensive established garden outside, including a sizeable paved terrace and a pond.
Rounding out the top five are a detached home in Trumpington (£1,600,000, street view glimpse below), a semi-detached inter-war townhouse in CB4 (£1,200,000) and the Old Paddock, a detached home in St Neots (£1,090,000).
Meanwhile the least expensive home was an apartment in Ramsey, Huntingdon, which was bought for just £60,000. This was followed by flats in Wisbech (£72,906) and Fenland (£73,000). There was also a semi-detached house in March (£80,000) and a terrace house in Wisbech (£85,000).
For all the latest property news, pick up the Property and Living supplement every Thursday in the Cambridge News.
Finally, Gold Speculators Start To Bail, Setting Up A Big Q1 2018 by John Rubino – Dollar Collapse
It took a lot longer than it should have, but gold futures traders have finally started behaving “normally.” The speculators who were extremely, stubbornly long – and who are usually wrong when they're this excited — had maintained their over-optimistic bets when they should have been stampeding for the exits, making the last few months both boring and depressing for gold bugs and related investors.
This departure from the familiar script raised questions about whether the action in futures (aka paper gold) was still relevant in the age of Chinese physical gold exchanges and cryptocurrency. The jury's still out on that one, but for now the numbers are reassuring.
The following table (courtesy of GoldSeek) shows speculators cutting way back on long bets and adding to short bets, while the “commercials” – who tend to be right at sharp turns — did the opposite, going a lot less short.
Same thing only more so in silver, where another week like the last one will bring net positions into balance for both groups, which has historically been extremely bullish.
Here's the same data depicted graphically for gold: Note how both the speculators (silver columns) and the commercials (red columns) held their positions from spring into fall, producing the previously-mentioned boredom and depression. Also note the sharp drop in the most recent reporting week.
The numbers we're seeing here are as of Tuesday the 5th, and the final three days of last week were a bloodbath for precious metals, so it's highly likely that the next COT numbers – due out on Friday the 15th – will show absolute panic among speculators, leading to an even bigger swing in the right direction.
If history is still reliable, January will be a great month to own precious metals and mining stocks.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
BEIJING—The co-chairman of HNA Group, a conglomerate that operates China's fourth-largest airline and finance, logistics and other businesses around the world, died in an accident while on a business trip in France, the company said Wednesday. Wang Jian, a co-founder of the company, suffered “severe injuries” in a fall in Provence in southern France and died Tuesday at age 57, said an HNA Group statement. It gave no other details.
Wang Jian, the chairman and co-founder of giant Chinese conglomerate HNA Group, has died in an accident in southern France, the firm said on Wednesday. ( ERIC PIERMONT / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
Regional French media outlet France Bleu said Wang fell a dozen or so metres while taking photos on a high wall in Bonnieux, a town in a region famed for its panoramic views. Launched in 1993 on the southern island of Hainan, HNA expanded into finance, hotels, logistics and other businesses in a multibillion-dollar global acquisition spree. More recently, HNA has been selling some assets as Chinese regulators tighten lending controls and press companies to rein in debt.
Article Continued Below
Wang graduated from the Civil Aviation University of China and received an MBA from the Maastricht School of Management in the Netherlands, according to his company. HNA agreed last year to acquire a hedge fund operated by Anthony Scaramucci, an aide to U.S. President Donald Trump. That never received regulatory approval and the two sides called off the deal in April.
Read more about:
Golf - Matsuyama announces marriage and fatherhood, surprising Japan
by Reuters News 15 Aug 2017, 03:52 IST
Aug 13, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Hideki Matsuyama lines up a put on the fourth hole during the final round of the PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
By Andrew Both
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Hideki Matsuyama announced on Monday that he has been married since January and is now a father, news which caught Japanese media and fans by surprise.
Though numerous Japanese reporters follow Matsuyama every second of the day that he spends on a golf course, the world number two was able to keep his nuptials and fatherhood under wraps for months.
He said in a statement his child, a girl, was born in July, but did not reveal details of the identity of his wife.
Matsuyama announced the news only hours after falling short in his quest to become the first Japanese man to win a major championship.
Leading with nine holes to play at the PGA Championship at Quail Hollow on Sunday, he had three consecutive bogeys on the back nine and finished equal fifth behind winner Justin Thomas.
Matsuyama, 25, is one of the most popular sports figures in Japan.
(Reporting by Andrew Both; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Real Madrid to appeal Ronaldo card: Zidane
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 09:44 IST
Soccer Football - Barcelona v Real Madrid Spanish Super Cup First Leg - Barcelona, Spain - August 13, 2017 Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo walks off dejected past coach Zinedine Zidane after being sent off REUTERS/Juan Medina
By Richard Martin
BARCELONA (Reuters) - Real Madrid will appeal Cristiano Ronaldo's second yellow card for diving in the Spanish Super Cup first leg at Barcelona, coach Zinedine Zidane said after the Portuguese showed the best and worst side of his game in Real's 3-1 win.
Ronaldo spent 24 minutes on the pitch after not starting the game at the Nou Camp but still had the biggest impact.
The 32-year-old, who was given a hostile reception by Barça fans as he warmed up before replacing Karim Benzema, hit back moments after Lionel Messi's equaliser with a brilliant strike into the top corner to put Real 2-1 up in the 80th minute.
The Portuguese threw off his shirt after scoring and provocatively held it up to the crowd and was booked.
Two minutes later he was sent off for trying to win a penalty in a challenge from Samuel Umtiti, angrily pushing referee Ricardo De Burgos Bengoetxea before leaving the pitch.
"We played a great game but I am annoyed by Cristiano's sending off," Zidane told a news conference.
"Perhaps it wasn't a penalty but the red card is a little harsh. We can't change it, but we'll try and make sure he plays on Wednesday."
Madrid captain Sergio Ramos also leapt to Ronaldo's defence.
"I think he was caught off balance and he didn't dive," said the defender. "We should try and appeal it. It should be analysed a little more."
Marco Asensio scored Real's third with a stunning long range goal in the 90th minute, giving Madrid a healthy advantage as they seek to win a fourth trophy in four months and earn their first Super Cup since 2012.
"We fought with 10 players, we believed until the end but it's only one game, we have the second leg up next," added Zidane.
Barça coach Ernesto Valverde said his side had not deserved to lose 3-1.
"I don't have the sensation we were as far away from them as the scoreline suggests," he said. "They scored three times, but we played well and had our chances.
"They caught us on the counterattack when it was 1-1 and scored a great goal, and then another one. But it's not just about getting into the danger zone, it's about putting your chances away."
(Reporting by Richard Martin)
IT'S a special time of year and driving around at night becomes something magical as houses, gardens and buildings light up with Christmas decorations.
Driving around you'll come across Christmas trees, giant stars, Santa Claus, reindeer and everything Christmas.
The Chapel in the Valley at Ulong is covered in lights, 1 Brolga Place in Coffs Harbour and 68 Coriedale Drive have been decked out and are ready for night time to come around to turn on the magic.
The North Coast Regional Botanic Garden has also been decorated with Christmas lights and is open for the public on select nights to experience the gardens with a festive spirit.
Gardens and walkways will be lit up on:
Friday, December 15, from 6-9pm.
Saturday, December 16, from 6-9pm.
Friday, December 22, from 6-9pm.
Saturday, December 23, from 6-9pm.
There will be a Christmas family fun night with games and prizes for kids at the North Coast Regional Botanic Garden on Saturday, December 16, from 6.30-9pm.
The Coffs Coast Carols are also on Saturday at Brelsford Park from 6-9.30pm.
Sing along to Christmas classics as performers take to the stage.
To help you find the best local light displays, we have called on residents to post photos of their houses.
To enter a photo of your home, send an email to editorial@coffscoast advocate.com.au.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Meghan Markle's dad has been spotted getting into shape ahead of the royal wedding.
It's the biggest sign yet that Thomas Markle, 73, will walk his daughter down the aisle when she marries Prince Harry at Windsor Castle on May 19.
Carrying weights, the father of the bride worked up a sweat with a light jog near his home in Rosarito, Mexico.
He also worked out on a static bike to put in some extra cardio - but it might all be for nothing.
This week, Meghan's uncle Michael Markle, 78, revealed his brother still wasn't sure if he would be called upon to perform fatherly duties at the royal wedding.
(Image: Coleman-Rayner)
(Image: Coleman-Rayner)
“I talked to Thomas last week and he didn't seem to know what the problem was,” said Meghan's uncle Michael, 78, who lives in Palm Beach, Florida.
“He told me he hasn't heard anything and he didn't even know if he would be walking Meghan down the aisle.
“He's very private, but I don't see how you can be the father of the bride and be a shrinking violet. I think he has to step up and I think he's willing to do that.”
(Image: REUTERS)
Speaking to the Mirror in December, Thomas Markle Sr insisted he'd love to walk his daughter down the aisle: “Yes. I'd love to.”
However, he was guarded about details of his actress daughter's royal romance, saying: “I'm sorry. You know I can't talk.”
Meanwhile, Meghan has come under fire from her half-sister Samantha for "inviting strangers to the Royal Wedding and not her family".
Around 600 guests are thought to have been invited and 2,500 members of the public have been asked to help celebrate the occasion.
(Image: Coleman-Rayner)
(Image: Coleman-Rayner)
Invites have already dished out to the couple's celeb pals, from the Beckhams and Spice Girls to tennis star Serena Williams and Made In Chelsea's Millie Mackintosh, have only served to deepen her family's anger.
And some family members are now urging Meghan's dad to demand answers from Buckingham Palace – and to find out if they have all been snubbed because of the controversial behaviour of some of her relatives.
(Image: Coleman-Rayner)
(Image: Coleman-Rayner)
Her older half-sister Samantha Grant, 53, is writing a tell-all book about the 36-year-old future Princess. And half-brother Thomas Jr, 51, faced firearm charges in January last year for allegedly holding a gun to his girlfriend's head during a drunken argument in Oregon. The case was later dropped.
But Meghan's uncle Michael, 78, said other family members deserved to be there – especially her dad.
Michael, a former US government worker who helped secure Meghan a college internship in Argentina, added: "I don't know what the hell is going on."
Mirror Online has contacted Kensington Palace for comment.
LONGMEADOW - Police are alerting the public to the sighting of a bear wandering around Tuesday morning in residential areas near Longmeadow County Club.
The bear was spotted along Prynnwood Road and Knollwood Drive, and was reportedly rummaging through bird feeders and breaking fences.
Police also released two photos showing the bear just outside the window at an unidentified house.
Police said the bear was not considered aggressive, but residents should be careful if they encounter it, polcie said.
"It goes without saying but do not approach the bear," police said.
Residents are warned to remind to secure trash barrels, to remove bird feeders from back yards, and to be mindful when letting pets outside.
A panel of Oregon's top health care legislators outlined their plans Wednesday for the upcoming session.
One of their main concerns is what to do if the Trump administration repeals the Affordable Care Act.
Democratic State Senator Elizabeth Steiner Hayward said it's hard to know what to do until something happens. But she's working on a range of bills.
“Whether that's ensuring that contraception remains available without a copay. Or that people can be on insurance regardless of pre-existing conditions. Or that we may have an individual mandate in this state, the way that Massachusetts had, long before the ACA was passed,” she said.
Legislators are also considering sanctions against pill mills, clinics that over-prescribe opioids, and a prescription drug take-back program. With that, consumers would be able to put extra pills in an envelope and send them off to be incinerated, thus preventing kids from sneaking potentially dangerous drugs out of the family medicine cabinet.
Both Democratic and Republican lawmakers liked Congressman Greg Walden's idea of ‘rebuilding and repairing' the Affordable Care Act, as opposed to ‘repealing and replacing' it.
A young woman was seriously injured in an attack in Huntingdon town centre.
At about 2.10pm on Monday April 10, a woman in her 20s was assaulted by a man and a woman in Sainsbury's carpark, St Germain Walk. The victim received serious, but not life threatening, injuries as a result of the incident.
The suspects are described as a pregnant white woman in her 20s, 5' 2” with dark brown hair in a ponytail and a white man also in his 20s, slim build, with short black hair.
Anyone with information regarding this incident should contact police on 101 quoting CF0203850417. Alternatively call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or visit https://crimestoppers-uk.org/
Tampa police divers say they have found the body of a man who was seen in the waters of McKay Bay.
Witnesses said they saw the man about 7:30 p.m. in the water south of the 2600 block of Corrine Street, then go under the water but not resurface.
The victim's name has not been released pending notification of next of kin.
Police say it's not known why he was in the water.
Divers with the Tampa Police Department and the Hillsborough County Sheriffs Office searched for the man.
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com, visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
Bongiwe Tutu is a driven author, inspired by universal growth and progress, as we all have an ingrained potential to influence and implement positive change in the world we live in. Tutu holds a Postgraduate in Politics and International Studies from Rhodes University and an Honours degree in Journalism and Media Studies from Wits University. Tutu has delegated as a speaker in the Model United Nations South African Universities (MUNSAU) debating. She has obtained skills training from the Future Journalists Programme, a Highway Africa Initiative, and has also held office as the Media and Communications Officer of the Young Women's Dialogue, an initiative of the PAN African Youth Dialogue. Bongiwe Tutu is interested in storytelling, depicted visually through moving pictures, the spoken and the written word. She is a skilled video content producer, scriptwriter and an author of fiction and futurism. She is also a skilled fitness and health instructor and a steady marathon runner. The author's five of most important pillars of life are; to Live. Love. Laugh. Learn. And to Leave a Legacy.
Mobile phones and tabs are these days have become an inseparable part of our life. They bring about a high degree of convenience and comfort to us. But the disadvantages of it should also be given some thought before declaring what a complete boon they are. In many popular schools they hand over tab to children for learning which is so wrong for their health. Because these gadgets use Radio Frequency (RF) waves in order to transmit signals to and fro. The RF signals from mobile phones fall within the microwave part of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Now these microwaves are responsible for heating effects, the very concept which a microwave oven utilizes in order to heat food. Thus holding a mobile phone to our ear for a substantial part of the day, as many of us today do, is effectively equal to holding an electronic microwave emitting device which shoots microwaves into our head.
RABIA MAZHAR
Via email
Related
“We are not playing politics with this,” she also said. “This is a real issue that real women are facing.”
The government held consultations on the bill during the summer, and the legislation already has the support of women's groups — a number attended Wednesday's announcement, including Planned Parenthood Toronto, whose only suggestion was stronger penalties for offenders.
For the Liberals, dragging out the issue could help highlight divisions among PC MPPs, a handful of whom oppose abortion. However, PC Leader Patrick Brown said he is pro-choice and his party supports the legislation.
The PCs were quick to name a few Liberals who'd been endorsed by anti-abortion group Campaign Life Coalition.
Should the government itself propose unanimous consent on the bill in the coming weeks, MacLeod said the PCs will support it.
“My view was you've consulted, this has been an issue, let's get on with it,” MacLeod said, adding “I guess I ended up calling their bluff.”
The government bill sets out abortion “safe zones” of at least 50 metres — and up to 150 metres — around clinics, and 150 metres around the homes of doctors and staff who work in clinics. Hospitals that provide abortions or pharmacies and clinics that dispense the abortion pill — now provided free in the province — can also apply for protection.
Offenders face fines starting at $5,000 and six months in jail for a first offence.
Naqvi said the legislation was prompted by a recent increase in anti-abortion activities, and on Wednesday he spoke emotionally about one incident at a clinic in his own riding where a woman was spat on as she made her way inside.
Campaign Life has already said it opposes the proposed law, calling it a “direct attack on (protesters) freedom of speech, expression and assembly.”
– With files from Rob Ferguson
Toronto Star
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Jaguar's F-Type has undergone a mid-cycle update. The changes are subtle yet provide the stylish sports car with the latest technology, a more refined look, and a new engine option. There's also a lower price tag!
You'll spot the updated range by the full LED headlights and new, model-specific bumpers. The aim of the new bumpers, Jaguar says, was to provide clearer visual differentiation between the different models.
The interior was also tweaked with the addition of lightweight slimline seats that help shed around 17 pounds from the curb weight, as well as new chrome and aluminum accents used to further differentiate between the various models. Jaguar is also offering an expanded range of color and trim options for the interior.
2018 Jaguar F-Type 400 Sport Enlarge Photos
Also in the interior, Jaguar has fitted its Touch Pro infotainment system which is able to control a special app called ReRun. The app combines vehicle data with a GoPro to provide an overlay of information for the recorded video. We're talking about key vehicle performance data such as speed, throttle position, gear selection, braking force and g force.
Finally, Jaguar has added a semi-automated park-assist function designed to make parallel parking in even the tightest of spaces quicker and easier. When passing a potential space, the car's ultrasonic parking sensors measure the length. If big enough, the system takes care of the steering: all the driver has to do is press a button, engage reverse and control the throttle and brakes. The system will also guide the vehicle out of the space when it's time to leave.
Jaguar has also rejigged the lineup. The big news is the introduction of an inline-4 as the new base option, which brings the starting price down to just $60,895. (The 2017 model's starting price was $62,395.) The new engine is the 2.0-liter turbocharged inline-4 found in other Jaguar models, and in the F-Type it has a specific tune of 296 horsepower and 295 pound-feet of torque. It also comes exclusively with an 8-speed automatic.
The base F-Type can also be equipped with the familiar 340-hp 3.0-liter supercharged V-6, which can be had with a 6-speed manual, and above this is a 380-hp version of the V-6 in a new model called the F-Type R-Dynamic. This is essentially the replacement for the F-Type S and includes a few sporty elements inspired by the design of the more hardcore F-Type R. Those sporty elements include 19-inch wheels, a body kit, gloss black accents, an active exhaust and LED headlights.
2018 Jaguar F-Type 400 Sport Enlarge Photos
Further up is a new special edition model called the F-Type 400 Sport, which will be available for one year only. It also boasts the V-6 but sees its output boosted to 400 hp. The bump in power is complemented by uprated brakes, custom 20-in wheels, and Jaguar's Configurable Dynamics performance setting. You'll easily spot the car by its yellow accents and “400” badging.
Further up still are the F-Type R and F-Type SVR models. These maintain their supercharged 5.0-liter V-8s and respective 550- and 575-hp outputs.
Sales of the 2018 F-Type commence later this year. Pricing starts at $60,895 for the F-Types equipped with the new inline-4 and tops out at $125,995 for the F-Type SVR Convertible. All pricing figures include a $995 destination charge.
For more on the Jaguar F-Type, read the in-depth reviews at The Car Connection.
BOYS AND GIRLS: Taking gender out of books could create a blank space for kids looking for characters they can identify with through looks or circumstance.
BOYS AND GIRLS: Taking gender out of books could create a blank space for kids looking for characters they can identify with through looks or circumstance. iStock
DID you hear the joke about the plan to ban references to boys and girls from books in libraries and schools?
Sadly, it's no joke - it's a serious suggestion by two Victorian councils. I can't imagine a world where Thomas doesn't have his trains and Miss Polly doesn't have a dolly.
My grandchildren are boy/girl twins and while they are definitely twice the fun, and occasionally double trouble, they are also proving to be a riveting social science project.
They are nearly two and their personalities are emerging through their play, language and everyday behaviours. They are already aware they are different physically - shared baths make sure of that - but we all see how different they are in so many other ways.
Their experiences have been about as similar as you can get but there's no doubt he's a boy's boy and she's a girl's girl. She loves to cuddle and "shhhh” her trio of dolls while her brother prefers to ride the trike, even turning it over to figure out how the wheels turn.
They have the same parents, the same toys and books and exactly the same opportunities to play and experiment. Sure, he will also cuddle up to a teddy but not as often as he will climb on the trike. She also likes to ride her bike and is generally braver but she doesn't do it with the same gusto.
I used to be a daycare mum and it always intrigued me that children from a single-gender home gravitated to the "opposite” toys at my place but would hide them when their parents arrived. I believe kids should be free to decide what interests them and parents should step back from any restrictive beliefs.
Taking gender out of books won't stop some children having tea parties and others turning sticks into swords, but it could create a massive blank space for all those kids looking for characters they can identify with through looks or circumstance.
A better option would be to encourage kids to read even more books so they "meet” boys and girls of all shapes, sizes and cultures. Let them find people just like them, but also see that differences can be good whether it is gender, hair colour, skin colour or how they live.
As grandparents, we can help by gifting our grandies books at every opportunity.
It's such a beautiful way to fill their minds with wonderful, daring stories that fuel their imaginations and inspire them to make the world a better place. And we should read along with them, after all we could all do with a brief escape from this crazy world.
BALRAMPUR: A young BJP worker's body was found hanging from a tree near his home in West Bengal's Purulia district on Wednesday morning.
According to reports, the body of 20-year-old Trilochan Mahato was found hanging by his own trousers in what is now being alleged as a ''political murder'' by the BJP.
An unsigned handwritten note in Bengali was found near the body of Trilochan Mahato near his home in Balarampur, about 295-km from Kolkata.
The message stated that he was "punished for working for the BJP" during the recent rural polls in the state.
A chilling message was also found scrawled on the back and front of his white T-shirt.
Roughly translated, the messages said, "This is for doing BJP politics from age 18. Been trying to kill you since the vote. Failed. Today you are dead."
The local police also found a broken pen, a broken refill, a mobile, wallet, slippers and Trilochan's new bicycle near the body.
The incident evoked strong criticism of the Mamata Banerjee-led TMC government from BJP chief Amit Shah who said the ruling dispensation has "surpassed the violent legacy of the communist rule" in West Bengal.
The present TMC govt in West Bengal has surpassed the violent legacy of Communist rule. Entire BJP mourns this tragic loss & stands firmly with Trilochan Mahato's family in this hour of grief. His sacrifice for organisation & ideology will not go in vain. Om Shanti Shanti Shanti. — Amit Shah (@AmitShah) May 30, 2018
In a series of tweets, Shah said that he was "deeply hurt by the brutal killing of our young karyakarta."
Deeply hurt by the brutal killing of our young karyakarta, Trilochan Mahato in Balarampur,West Bengal. A young life full of possibilities was brutally taken out under state's patronage. He was hanged on a tree just because his ideology differed from that of state sponsored goons. pic.twitter.com/nHAEK09n7R — Amit Shah (@AmitShah) May 30, 2018
In the post that also included an image of Trilochan's body, Shah tweeted, "A young life full of possibilities was brutally taken out under state's patronage. He was hanged on a tree just because his ideology differed from that of state-sponsored goons."
''Entire BJP mourns this tragic loss & stands firmly with Trilochan Mahato's family in this hour of grief. His sacrifice for organisation & ideology will not go in vain," Shah said.
The youth had gone to a place barely three km from his village last evening and did not return home. He had called up his brother in the night and said that he was kidnapped and urged to be rescued, according to the police.
"We were informed by his family (about it) but despite searches throughout the night we could not spot him," the officer said.
The body was found in Balarampur village in the morning and the police were informed about it by the locals. No arrests have been made in connection with the incident as yet.
The West Bengal unit of BJP also strongly condemned the incident terming it as "an attack on democracy".
BJP general secretary Kailash Vijayvargiya claimed that 18 party workers have been killed in the state and alleged that it was at the behest of the state government.
The party's national secretary Rahul Sinha told reporters in Kolkata that the youth was associated with the party and asked, "Is it a democracy where a young man is being killed just because he was associated with the BJP?"
Training his gun at the ruling TMC, he said BJP cadre are being attacked and killed as the saffron party fared well in Purulia in the recent panchayat election in the state.
"The TMC wants to eliminate all signs of opposition from the areas where BJP has won (in the rural poll)", Sinha said.
Meanwhile, the Trinamool Congress termed the allegations as ''baseless and concocted''.
"The allegations against TMC are completely baseless," a senior district TMC leader said.
In Purulia, the TMC and the BJP had a close fight in the gram panchayat polls winning 839 and 645 seats respectively. Out of the 38 Zilla Parishad seats, TMC had won 26 seats and BJP nine seats.
(With PTI inputs)
Photo: Getty images
In the pub the other day, a friend was telling me that he'd recently had to stop following the Twitter account @EverydaySexism. Do you know it? It retweets women talking about the way they've been catcalled in the street or patronised by car salesmen. Quite the eye-opener. Though my friend, who had probably better remain anonymous, told me he'd had enough.
“Because it's so relentless?” I asked him, sympathetically. “No,” he said. “Because I keep checking them out. They're talking about, you know, their dentist peering down their top or whatever and I keep clicking through to their profiles to see what he might have been staring at. They're all so hot. Angry girls in lipstick, who aren't going to take it any more. Turns me right on. And I can't have that. Because I'm a feminist.”
Thorny, eh? Obviously, you're allowed to fancy feminists. You're also allowed to fancy feminists entirely because they are feminists. Although I think it is also possible to fancy a feminist, because she is a feminist, in a way that isn't very feminist at all. A bit like O'Reilly in Fawlty Towers who “likes a woman with spirit”. Which is not to say that you aren't allowed to like a woman with spirit, either. Oh God. I don't know.
Next to that, anyway, the question of whether you're allowed to go on a protest march to chat up women is easy. Of course you are. You just need to make sure you frame it correctly. “I am attracted to this cause because of the passion you show for it,” is fine. Whereas adding, “because it makes me hope you might show the same passion for me, perhaps in a negligée”, is not fine at all.
In a way, it makes me think of Glee. Remember how the Cory Monteith character stayed in the school singing club purely because he fancied Lea Michele? Even though, in the -immortal words of somebody else on the show, she “somehow managed to dress like a grandmother and a toddler at the same time”. At first he was like somebody who turns up at a synagogue speed-dating event pretending to be a Jew. In time, though, he got sucked in, and it was all down to her.
Normally, you can rationalise this. Say she's a vegan and an animal-rights activist. Lots of them are. She's beautiful, and possibly in a poncho, and surprisingly energetic considering she doesn't get much iron. In a way, what's attracting you here is veganism itself, right? Or, conversely, maybe it's a pro-countryside rally and the girls are all in pearls. The thought of them beheading a vole with their teeth is -precisely what's giving you the horn, right? Really, it's them seducing you.
You'll know when you're being creepy. You're heading to the vegan march but you're hitting Burger King first? Probably not OK. Ask yourself honestly. All these empowered, liberated, shouty, street-invading, sisters-doing-it-for-themselves women: do you find them a bit threatening? A bit emasculating? And, if so, is banging one of them a way of getting over that? Because that's definitely not OK, either. I have known men, both of the right and the left, who have a certain “conquest” thing going on with the women of the other side. I suspect some women have that, too, yearning either for a bit of forbidden socialist rough, or believing, in the vein of Sylvia Plath, that “every woman adores a Fascist”. That's sexy in a way, but do bear in mind that these women will be insane. Although I suppose it is safer to meet them in a crowd.
In general, though, don't beat yourself up. Protest is hot. Whether it's the junior doctors (every one of whom will remind you of your school's head girl from three years up), or eco-warriors, or
Women Against Trump, this is now the stuff of the alpha-female. Just remember that you will need to know what they're actually protesting about. And, once you've figured it out, maybe you'll even agree. The whole point of a protest is to win hearts and minds. They've just won some other bits, too.
Hugo Rifkind is a writer for The Times.
This article originally appeared on gq-magazine.co.uk.
Up Next: Who Wore What | Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The oceans may hold the key to a breakthrough cure for depression.
Ground-breaking research has revealed low brain levels of an essential nutrient could be contributing to our mental health crisis.
A study of blood samples from almost 3,000 people aged 18 to 65, showed sufferers of depression and anxiety have lower concentrations of compounds called omega-3 fatty acids, in their blood.
These compounds are found in significant concentrations in the brain and contribute to healthy functioning and the maintenance of positive mood.
The study also found people suffering simultaneously from depression and anxiety disorders, had the lowest omega-3 levels of all.
(Image: Getty Images)
Although omega-3s are found in nuts and oily fish, the richest source is krill, the tiny shrimp-like shellfish found in all the world's oceans, which also contain high levels of DHA.
The findings have been welcomed by scientists at FutureYou [https://futureyouhealth.com/krill-oil.html], who claim to produce the most concentrated krill oil supplement on the market.
“I don't think many people doubt the benefits of omega-3s,” said company spokesman Adam Cleevely.
“The advantage of krill oil over other sources of omega-3 is that it is rich in phospholipids.
“Phospholipids improve the absorption and bioavailability of the omega-3 making it easier for our bodies to get more of the good stuff.”
(Image: Getty Images)
Data collated by Dutch researchers from Amsterdam and Leiden universities and published in the journal Psychoneuroendocrinology found that oils known as DHA (docosahexaenoic acid), EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid) and ALA (alpha-linalenic acid) improved brain signaling mechanisms and levels of brain chemicals associated with positive mood.
Carisha Thesing, of Amersterdam Free University's department of psychiatry, the lead author of the report, said: “Our findings indicate that blood levels of omega-3 are lower in people with a current depressive disorder.
“The results are consistent with earlier research and indicate that doctors should be aware that currently depressed patients – especially those with an additional anxiety disorder and more severe symptoms, may be at high risk of having low omega-3 blood levels.”
The research follows a similar Japanese investigation published last autumn which looked at depression and blood levels of fatty acids in more than 1,000 people.
(Image: Getty Images)
Lead author Yutaka Matsuoka a neuropsychiatrist at Keio University said they had found compelling evidence to suggest diet and nutrition are extremely important factors in the high prevalence of depressive disorders.
The findings provided a basis to further examine the effectiveness of fish and n-3 PUFA (fish oil) intake for the prevention of major depressive disorder.
According to the World Health Organisation, depression is the biggest single cause of disability worldwide.
NHS England says that in Britain alone it affects one in four people at some stage in their lives and costs well over £100billion a year in treatment and lost productivity.
Anti-depressant drugs are of limited benefit and there is pressure to find an effective treatment.
Free cod liver oil was made available to young mothers and children during the second world war to boost omega-3 levels but he schemes was scrapped on cost grounds in 1954.
(Image: Getty Images)
Since then methods of getting the substances into the body without the unappealing smell and taste of fish oil, have improved in leaps and bounds.
In 2006 the Food Standards Agency began investigating the possibility of reintroducing free fish oil supplementation for children, but the plan was dropped ten years ago, also on cost grounds.
Actress Glynis Barber, 62, who runs a website offering anti-ageing health and beauty tips is also delighted by the growing body of evidence for krill.
“I've taken it for years,” says Glynis whose TV crime drama Dempsey and Makepeace drew up to 18 million viewers in the mid-1980s.
“I prefer the krill oil version as it is a highly sustainable, high quality source.
"Omega-3s are considered essential to the brain and are increasingly being related to mood and depression.
"I think it is one of the most important supplements you can take.”
Harassment of diplomats is against the international law and Vienna Conventions. But Indian security agencies are continuously harassing Pakistani diplomats serving in New Delhi. Pakistan has registered protest over this behaviour by calling the Deputy High Commissioner of India to the Foreign Office. This is not acceptable at all. The protection and security of the diplomatic mission is the responsibility of the host country. All nations must observe and follow these conventions. The Foreign Office spokesperson vowed to protect our diplomats or sever the ties with India. Indian forces are continuing to commit atrocities in the disputed territory of Jammu & Kashmir. It must honour its obligations in accordance with the UN Resolutions. Pakistan will never stop supporting its brother Muslims in Kashmir. The armed conflict in Afghanistan cannot be ended with the use of military force and air strikes; it would rather intensify the war. We must file complaints with the Security Council regarding the harassment of its diplomats.
JAVAID BASHIR
Lahore
Related
How 'Ashes To Ashes' Put The First Act Of David Bowie's Career To Rest
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dagmar/Courtesy of Rhino Records Dagmar/Courtesy of Rhino Records
In 1980, David Bowie was in the middle of a new kind of transformation. After launching himself to stardom in 1969 with his first hit single, "Space Oddity," he spent a decade morphing from Major Tom to Ziggy Stardust to Aladdin Sane to Halloween Jack to The Thin White Duke — a series of characters that also emblemized radically different approaches to rock music, from sci-fi glam to stark experimentalism. By the end of the '70s, however, he dispensed with such alter egos. Instead, he absorbed them all into a single if mercurial persona, one known simply as David Bowie. And that persona hinged on "Ashes To Ashes."
His 1979 album, Lodger, wrapped up a groundbreaking, three-album collaboration with Brian Eno that had yielded his most acclaimed work to date, including the full-lengths Low and "Heroes." But the final installment of this Berlin Trilogy also exhausted Bowie and Eno's partnership. Lodger, as excellent as it was, felt anticlimactic. At the end of the year, he recorded a new version of "Space Oddity" for British television, and it was an eerie resurrection of the character that had put him on the map: Major Tom, the lost astronaut cast adrift in space, an existentialist casualty of humankind's quest to conquer the heavens. For the restlessly forward-looking Bowie, this reprise of "Space Oddity" seemed tainted with an odd nostalgia, and it felt like a loop being closed. On top of it all, Bowie separated from his wife of ten years, Angela, with their divorce set to be finalized in February of 1980.
He began the new decade with his blankest slate since his pre-fame days in the '60s. But after owning and defining the '70s, what was Bowie to do in the uncharted waters of a new decade, especially when it had become predictable for him to reinvent himself? Enlisting his longtime friend and producer Tony Visconti, he responded with Scary Monsters (And Super Creeps). Recorded in New York and London throughout early 1980, the album took the sprawling innovation of The Berlin Trilogy and whittled it down into more digestible, if no less challenging, pop songs. "Ashes To Ashes" was the lead single. It also marked the return of Major Tom. The new song, released in August of 1980, was the sequel to "Space Oddity," something Bowie blatantly made clear in the opening verse: "Do you remember a guy that's been / In such an early song? / I've heard a rumor from Ground Control / Oh no, don't say it's true." Eleven years had passed since "Space Oddity." In that time, much had changed for Major Tom, as it had for Bowie. Left to decay in space, he'd grown paranoid and addicted to drugs: "Strung out in heaven's high / Hitting an all-time low."
YouTube
For Bowie, "Ashes To Ashes" was anything but a low. It became his second number-one single in the U.K. His first had been, funnily enough, a reissue of "Space Oddity" in 1975. To capitalize on this, Bowie's label, RCA Records, released a promotional single in 1980 titled "The Continuing Story of Major Tom." On it, "Space Oddity" was mixed smoothly into "Ashes to Ashes," creating a nine-minute epic. The end of the first song meshed uncannily with the start of the second: The lonely beeping at the conclusion of "Space Oddity" bled into the high-pitched, pizzicato-like melody at the beginning of "Ashes to Ashes." It was as if that had been Bowie's intention all along.
At the same time, the mix dramatically demonstrated just how far he'd progressed in the '70s. His voice was now deeper and more profound. The music was jagged, jarring, and richly textured in a completely different way than "Space Oddity" had been. Rather than psychedelically spacious, it carried a sterile air of computers, androids and off-kilter motorization. Guitarist Chuck Hammer conveyed this feeling with layers of synthesized guitar. Flangers gave a grand piano an alien quality. Dennis Davis' drums were disorienting yet mathematical, a funk beat from another dimension.
In the booklet that accompanies the new Bowie box set A New Career In A New Town (1977-1982), Visconti calls the song's rhythm "a mind-bender. Your brain tells you this isn't supposed to work." In The Complete David Bowie by Nicholas Pegg, Bowie said that Davis "had in incredibly hard time with it, trying to play it and turn the beat backwards." No one, though, had a harder time in "Ashes To Ashes" than Major Tom. Voiced by Bowie, he runs through a litany of memories, regrets, and hallucinations, along with a desperate desire to get better: "I'm hoping to kick / But the planet is glowing." He wishes to free his caged psyche as well as his exiled body: "Want an axe to break the ice / Wanna come down right now."
Courtesy of Rhino Records
Most poignant of all is the song's indelible bridge, in which Bowie laments, "I have never done good things / I have never done bad things / I never did anything out of the blue." The spacesuit drops away, and Bowie himself stands there, naked and afraid. "Those three particular lines represent a continuing, returning feeling of inadequacy over what I've done," he said in Peter Doggett's book The Man Who Sold The World. "I have a lot of reservations about what I've done, inasmuch as I don't feel much of it has any import at all." It was a rare and mature show of vulnerability in someone who, for so long, had cloaked himself in concept and costume.
David Mallet, who had directed the video clip of Bowie's 1979 version of "Space Oddity," was asked to helm the video for "Ashes To Ashes." At the time it was the most expensive pop video ever, shot a year before MTV launched in 1981 and proving that music videos were viable promotional investments. It aided immensely in the song's popularity, despite being as edgy and jarring as the song itself. Mallet used the new computer graphics workstation Paintbox to radically alter the color palette of the short film, rendering the sky black and the ocean pink. Bowie alternates between portraying a clown, an astronaut, and the inmate of an insane asylum — paralleling the many roles he'd played in his career.
In his book David Bowie: A Life, Dylan Jones recounts an anecdote that sheds light on the artist's self-reflective frame of mind in 1980: "An old man searching for driftwood on the beach was asked to move away from the set. When Mallet pointed at Bowie and asked the old man if he knew who he was, the old man replied, 'Of course I do. It's some c*** in a clown suit.' Bowie later said, 'That was a huge moment for me. It put me back in my place and made me realize, "Yes, I'm just a c*** in a clown suit."'" Three years later, Bowie's next album, the crowd-pleasing Let's Dance, became the bestselling record he'd ever enjoy. And in his footsteps, hordes of successful new-wave artists, from The Human League to Duran Duran, followed.
But before he got there, the self-reflection in a handful of Bowie's late-1970s songs began to bleed over into self-reference. Singing in the first person, he imbued "DJ" — one of Lodger's best singles — with a hint that performing his hits over and over had dehumanized him. "I am a DJ / I am what I play." At the same time, the song could be read as both a tribute and taunt aimed at the radio industry who programmed so much of Bowie's fate. And on "Fashion," another single from Scary Monsters, Bowie mercilessly dissected a core component of his persona to an extent he hadn't done since 1975's "Fame." In both "DJ" and "Fashion," Bowie's turn toward contained, catchy experimentalism — rather than the sprawling avant-garde scope of Low and 'Heroes' — is both obvious and bracing. "Ashes to Ashes" was part of a continuum, a deliberate use of cutting-edge technology, studio techniques, harsh textures, and minimalism in the pursuit of elevating pop music while preserving Bowie's image as a sonic iconoclast.
"Ashes To Ashes" fades out on an unsettlingly note, with a nursery-rhyme chant of "My mama said, to get things done / You'd better not mess with Major Tom." In singing these lines, Bowie disobeyed them. He was messing with Major Tom after having resigned him to cosmic limbo over a decade earlier. "When I originally wrote about Major Tom, I was a very pragmatic and self-opinionated lad," he says in The Complete David Bowie. "Here we had the great blast of American technological know-how shoving this guy up into space, but once he gets there he's not quite sure why he's there. And that's where I left him. Now we've found out that he's under some kind of realization that the whole process that got him up there had decayed, was born out of decay; it has decayed him, and he's in the process of decaying." He also called the song "the end of something," adding, "I was wrapping up the '70s really for myself, and that seemed a good enough epitaph for it — that we've lost [Major Tom], he's out there somewhere, we'll leave him be."
Other artists did not leave Bowie's famous spaceman be, most famously the German synth-pop star Peter Schilling in his 1983 hit "Major Tom (Coming Home)," which basically amounted to fan fiction in song form. Bowie also broke his own rule. He unearthed Major Tom once more in his 1995 song "Hallo Spaceboy," co-written with Eno. In the lyrics, Bowie bids farewell to his doomed astronaut: "Spaceboy, you're sleepy now / Your silhouette is so stationary." And in "Blackstar," Bowie's final video before his death in 2016, the visor of a spacesuit is raised, revealing a bejeweled skull that may or may not have belonged to Major Tom. By building on the character throughout the decades, Bowie finally found a resting place for Major Tom: in the pantheon of pop mythology. But it was "Ashes To Ashes" that consummated Major Tom's role as a postmodern folk hero — and gave Bowie closure to his most momentous decade.
RB Leipzig complete Bruma signing
Bruma has signed a five-year deal to complete his move from Galatasaray to RB Leipzig.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 21:12 IST
New RB Leipzig winger Bruma, in action for Galatasaray
RB Leipzig have completed the signing of Portuguese winger Bruma on a five-year deal from Galatasaray.
Bruma had previously been linked with Tottenham but the Bundesliga side have moved to strengthen their squad ahead of their maiden Champions League campaign.
Leipzig had been linked with Serge Gnabry, with head coach Ralph Hasenhuttl confirming the club's interest in the Wolfsburg winger, but he instead opted to move to Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich.
Sporting director Ralf Rangnick said Bruma's speed will make him a dangerous addition to the team's front line for the new season.
+++BREAKING+++ #DieRotenBullen have completed the signing of #Bruma from @Galatasaray ! The attacking talent has agreed a 5-year contract ✍️ pic.twitter.com/Y6h8rJcNXX — RB Leipzig English (@RBLeipzig_EN) June 14, 2017
"Bruma fits perfectly with our football and physical facilities to our game," Rangnick said. "He is fast, technically strong and has an extreme threat to the goal.
"We are glad that we could sign a player with such talent. Bruma will expand our options in the offensive game and give us even more flexibility in the 10 position."
Bruma hit 11 goals in 30 league appearances for Galatasaray last season, with his club finishing fourth in the Turkish Super Lig.
Now the French government is unveiling a list of 18 “laureates” — 13 of them working in the United States — who have won a “Make Our Planet Great Again” competition for research grants awarded for as long as five years. They include professors and researchers at Cornell University, Columbia University, Stanford University and other institutions.
First, when the Trump administration proposed slashing federal science budgets and then, on June 1, when Trump pulled the United States out of the Paris climate accord, Macron took to social media to offer (in perfect English) to greet with open arms — and research dollars — American scientists worried about the political climate as well as global warming. Macron urged worried climate scientists, engineers and entrepreneurs to see France as a “second homeland” and to come work there because “we all share the same responsibility: make our planet great again.”
What initially looked like an impish dig at U.S. President Donald Trump by French President Emmanuel Macron over climate policy has turned into a concrete plan.
“For me, the chance to work on some very exciting science questions with my French colleagues and not be so dependent on the crazy stuff that goes on in Congress and with the current administration is honestly very attractive,” Louis Derry, a leading professor of Earth and atmospheric sciences at Cornell, said in an interview. “But it can be embarrassing to try and explain what is going on at home right now.”
Derry lamented a “devaluing of science by this administration.” And he said the tax plan Congress is considering would have a “catastrophic” effect on graduate students. “I don't think the country is well served by this,” he said.
The French government's offer attracted 1,822 applications, nearly two-thirds of them from the United States. France's research ministry pruned that to 450 “high-quality” candidates for long-term projects. A second round of grants will be awarded in the in partnership with Germany.
Corinne Le Quéré, a professor of climate change science and policy and director of the Tyndall Center for Climate Change Research at Britain's University of East Anglia, helped the French government choose this round of grant winners.
About half of the applicants had been working for more than 12 years after earning their PhDs, Le Quéré said. The average age was 45, she said, and “most are in the middle of productive careers.”
“I jumped at the promise of a 5-year contract!” said Alessandra Giannini, a veteran professor at Columbia University's Earth Institute who studies the effects of warming oceans on Africa's Sahel.
She saw Macron's video and, weary of short-term grants and worried about growing budget pressures in the United States, applied. “I am a mid-career scientist almost entirely supported by federal research grants. My contract with the university is renewed yearly contingent on funding,” she wrote in an email.
Macron's Monday announcement came at “Station F,” a converted rail station that bills itself as the world's largest start-up facility, a place where those with big ideas can roll up their sleeves and get to work. Although the project was launched before Macron came to power, it has become an early embodiment of his pro-capitalistic presidency.
“France has even risen to the top rank in Europe in terms of fundraising by startups — something we would not have imagined a few years ago,” said Roxanne Varza, director of Station F. “The current government is also very attentive and wishes to support us more than ever. We even see entrepreneurs leaving Silicon Valley to come or return to create their start-up in France.”
Many of the climate scientists moving from the United States have spent time in France or are from Europe originally. Crucially, many already have some degree of facility with the French language. Some will split their time to keep their academic chairs in the United States.
Derry, a former mineral and petroleum exploration geologist, has been at Cornell since 1994 and will split his time between there and the Paris Institute of Earth Physics, part of the French National Center for Scientific Research. He studied in France in the early 1990s and has returned for six-month stints before.
He has studied the emission and absorption of carbon dioxide in the Himalayas and other areas where the Earth's tectonic plates have collided to create mountain ranges. He is engaged in “critical zone” research, which integrates studies of a variety of biological, chemical and geological changes from Earth's surface through the top of the tree canopy. He plans to focus his efforts on how water moves through a watershed.
Derry is the director of the National Science Foundation office for nine critical zone observatories. But it is unclear how they will be funded beyond mid-2018. “That's a big concern for all of us, as the infrastructure, both hardware and human, can't just be shut down and turned on again,” he said. People working on the projects “are quite naturally looking elsewhere for work.”
Camille Parmesan, a biologist who teaches at Britain's Plymouth University and the University of Texas, Austin, also won a grant and will move her research to an ecology centre in Moulis, France.
She is exploring the effects of climate change on wild plants and animals. This has included fieldwork on individual butterfly species and communities as well as analyses of global effects on a range of plants and animals. She has also co-authored assessments of climate change's effects on agricultural insect pests and diseases on human health.
“Plants and animals have been moving toward the poles and up mountains — and flowering or breeding earlier in springtime — as they attempt to track a shifting climate,” she said in an email. “This research has provided independent biological support of the warming trends shown in climate data, and has helped shape the international determination of 2°C as a threshold for ‘dangerous' climate change.”
In Moulis, Parmesan plans to study “how these movements of animals out of the tropics and into Europe may be bringing tropical diseases into countries, and medical systems, that have not had them historically.”
Another winner in the French grant contest was Núria Teixidó Ullod, a visiting scientist at Hopkins Marine Station of Stanford University and a scientist at Stazione Zoologica Anton Dohrn in Naples. Her research is sponsored by the European Research Program.
“The research project that I will perform in France seeks to investigate how climate and acidification affects marine biodiversity as well as the potential of species to adapt to these changes in their environment,” she said in an email.
“This project will also help to investigate natural climate solutions for mitigation strategies,” she said. “This project is unique because I will work in natural marine systems that represent a glimpse of what oceans may look like in the near future.”
Giannini's research has conclusively demonstrated that the persistent drought that afflicted the Sahel in the 1970s and 1980s could be tied to rising sea surface temperatures worldwide.
Recently she has examined what portion of surface temperature changes can be ascribed to fossil fuel burning. “In the case of the Sahel, it's looking more and more like the combination of greenhouse gases and aerosols specific to the second half of the 20th century played an important role in drought,” she wrote.
Giannini plans to do an additional 15 to 20 years of research — but over the past 15 to 20 years, it had become harder to obtain federal funding, “meaning many more proposals to submit and resubmit, which ultimately fragments work into bits too small to be able to find some cohesion, and time to think about the big picture questions.”
Now, with budget pressures and the prioritizing of defence spending over discretionary spending, and “the savage tax cuts for the rich that are making the rounds of Congress,” she said it wasn't hard to see “blood and tears coming our way.”
“What stands out in the motivations is that many mentioned that it is currently very difficult to conduct innovative scientific research in the U.S. with the planned government cuts and general political climate, especially the politicization of climate research,” Le Quéré said of the people who applied for grants. She said France could provide “a much more fertile environment to conduct innovative research, and consequently take international scientific leadership.”
Christine McEntee, executive director of the American Geophysical Union, said, “While we need scientists from around the globe and in different locations working collaboratively to solve the most critical challenges facing our world — including climate change — the news of some U.S. scientists choosing to move to France to conduct their research is troubling.”
“We need all countries, including the U.S., to fund strong federal climate research programs, protect the rights of scientists to freely express their findings, and support urgent action on climate change,” McEntee said.
Giannini said she plans to use the French grant to analyze different models of ocean temperatures that might explain past Sahel droughts and the potential for a wetter climate in the future.
Asked whether she hoped to slow climate change, she said “Well, we are there already.”
Giannini said, however, that “we should do all we can to curb the warming. Otherwise I am convinced that the ice caps will melt, and there will be no going back.” She has family in Venice, and she said, “Nothing brings it home to me better than contemplating losing Venice to sea-level rise, every time I visit my little nephew and niece.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cops have descended on the home where little Alesha MacPhail was staying before she was murdered - as the hunt for her killer continues.
"Smiley" Alesha, six, was reported missing from her grandmother Angela King's home on the Isle of Bute, Scotland, on Monday morning.
Her body was found less than three hours later in woodland on the site of a former hotel in Rothesay by a member of the public.
This morning, a team of police vans were seen arriving outside Ms King's property, where Alesha had been staying while on holiday.
(Image: Daily Record)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Daily Record)
(Image: Twitter)
Officers entered the Ardbeg Road home, near Rothesay, shortly after 11am and could be seen searching the gardens surrounding it.
Police tape has also been put up around the building, while tributes have been laid by "stunned" locals, the Daily Record reports.
Cops had yesterday seized a vehicle on the island as part of their investigation into the death of "friendly" and popular Alesha.
The schoolgirl, from Airdrie, North Lanarkshire, was a few days into a three-week break to visit family when she disappeared.
She was reported missing at 6.25am on Monday, with her body discovered in woodland at about 9am.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Daily Record)
Last night, following the results of a post-mortem examination, police confirmed that they were treating the schoolgirl's death as murder.
Cops have warned islanders to be vigilant about the safety of their children and the security of their homes as investigations continue.
Meanwhile, locals have spoken of their shock at the death of Alesha.
Reverend Owain Jones has opened his United Church of Bute in Rothesay to allow people to visit at any time.
He said: "We're all absolutely staggered, we have no words for this and it's beyond any power of words to express.
"We're all just really sitting in a kind of shared stunned silence just trying to uphold each other.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Daily Record)
(Image: Handout)
"Bute is one of these places that is incredibly safe, you take all sorts of things for granted here and don't panic if you forget to lock the house or whatever.
"It's not a remote island in the classic sense - it's only 90 minutes to Glasgow - but even so it is an island and we all know each other at least by sight, and it's an extremely safe place and there is no context for this.
"We wondered what we could do as a church by way of a response and we have opened the church, after the news overnight, to people of all faiths and none to just come and sit and use the space as it is helpful to them."
Meanwhile, Detective Superintendent Stuart Houston said Alesha's family were "utterly devastated" at her death and appealed for anyone with information to come forward.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Daily Record)
He is still keen to speak to people who were involved in the search for the missing girl that was conducted early on Monday.
He added: "Alesha had lots of friends who will no doubt find it very difficult to comprehend why they will never see their friend again.
"For such a young girl to have her life taken away is incomprehensible."
Earlier yesterday, Alesha's devastated mum Georgina Lochrane, 23, whom she lived with, sobbed uncontrollably as police escorted her to see tributes that had been laid for her daughter outside the flat.
She placed a school photograph of her little girl beside the flowers.
It is understood that Georgina carried out a formal identification of her daughter's body after it was taken to the mainland.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Alesha's dad Robert MacPhail, who is estranged from Georgina, also went to see the tributes to his daughter yesterday.
He was supported by his girlfriend, Tonii Mclachlan.
Alesha was a pupil at Chapelside Primary School in Airdrie, where the headteacher said she would be "greatly missed".
Wendy Davie said: “Alesha started with us at Chapelside Primary in August 2016 and had just finished primary two.
“She loved being at school and enjoyed all aspects of literacy, in particular writing. She was such a perfectionist in her handwriting and was very proud of her work.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“Alesha was very friendly and she welcomed everyone first thing in the morning at breakfast club.
“She was a very considerate child who loved being part of a group and she was popular with all the other children and was a smiley and happy young girl. She was part of the family of Chapelside Primary and she will be greatly missed by everyone.”
Flowers, teddies and balloons have been left on the pavement in Ardbeg Road, with messages attached reading "sleep tight little angel" and "good night little angel".
Anyone with information is asked to call officers at the major investigations teams via 101, quoting incident no 0695 of July 2.
Once a critic, Brazil coach Tite now defends Neymar
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 202 // 04 Jul 2018, 17:19 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
SOCHI, Russia (AP) — Once a critic of Neymar's antics, Brazil coach Tite now defends the demeanor of his team's star.
"Winning or losing is part of the game," Tite said in 2012 after coaching Corinthians in a match against Santos and Neymar. "But to pretend and try to take advantage, that's not part of the game. That's a bad example for a kid, for my son, for those who are going to watch this and think that it's good to take advantage of others."
Neymar had been accused of faking an injury in the game, and video of Tite's criticism was widely viewed.
Mexico coach Juan Carlos Osorio criticized Neymar — without mentioning his name — after the striker writhed in apparent agony after Miguel Layun stepped on an ankle, then quickly recovered as if no incident had occurred during the 2-0, round-of-16 win over El Tri.
"We wasted a lot of time because of one single player," Osorio said. "I think this is a real shame for football, especially for kids who are watching because this has to be a sport of virility, of determination, a man's sport, like other games, and not a charade."
Neymar was asked to respond to Osorio, but Tite intervened before Neymar could start talking during the news conference. Tite said hierarchy must be respected in soccer. He said only coaches would answer to coaches, and players would respond only to players.
Neymar was being defended by many in Brazil, especially because he has been playing well and is helping the team succeed at the World Cup, but he continued to be loudly criticized internationally for his antics.
The 26-year-old Paris Saint-Germain forward said some people were trying to gain attention by going after him. Others were attempting to undermine him, he said.
"I don't care much for criticism," Neymar said after the Mexico match. "Not even for praise sometimes, because that can affect a player's mind. I only need to play football. I need to help my teammates, help my team. That's why I'm here. I came here to win."
Tite hadn't been the first manager to criticize Neymar in Brazil.
Rene Simoes, who coached many of Brazil's clubs and led Brazil's women's national team to a silver medal in the 2004 Olympics, didn't save words after a very young Neymar went crazy on the field for not being allowed to take a penalty kick for Santos in 2010, disrespecting teammates and his coach.
"Something has to be done to educate this kid," he said then. "We are creating a monster."
___
Tales Azzoni on Twitter: http://twitter.com/tazzoni
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emergency services were spotted in Cottenham to deal with an ongoing investigation into burglaries at a travellers' site and a concern for a woman's well-being earlier today (December 11).
Police and fire service personnel were seen in the village this afternoon near the Smithy Fen travellers' site and Lambs Lane.
A member of the police said they saw around five police cars and one police van with multiple policemen readied nearby to the travellers' site.
A police spokeswoman told the News: "Officers have attended the Smithy Fen travellers' site in Cottenham twice today in connection with an ongoing investigation into burglaries."
A fire engine and two unmarked emergency vehicles were also spotted attending an incident in Lambs Row.
The police say the incidents are unrelated.
A police spokesman said: "We were called at 2.22pm today (December 11) with reports of concern for a woman in Lamb's Row, Cottenham.
"Officers have attended the area in an attempt to locate the woman, however she has not been found.
"Searches are continuing."
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
NEW YORK (AP) — Holly Warlick and the Tennessee Lady Vols have been searching for a signature non-conference win against a top five teams for the past few years.
They got one Sunday in front of some of the best players in school history. The 11th-ranked Lady Vols (10-0) remained unbeaten after a 82-75 victory over No. 2 Texas. The win came in front of a crowd that included members of the Lady Vols' 1987, 1997 and 2007 national championship teams, who were honored at a halftime ceremony.
“We talk to our kids a lot about tradition and ‘Lady Vols For Life,'” Warlick said. “We take that really, really seriously. A lot of programs are the same, but I think what separates Tennessee is our alumni and the love they have for this program. The former Lady Vols take a lot of things personal. They're competitive. But they've been nothing but positive with this group. I was excited they could be here to watch a big win for us.”
While Tennessee is trying to re-establish itself among women's college basketball's elite teams, the current standard-bearer UConn just keeps rolling along. The No. 1 Huskies routed DePaul in their only game this week, cracking the 100-point barrier for the first time this season.
Advertisement
The victory was the 999th of coach Geno Auriemma's career, leaving him one short of becoming the third women's basketball coach to reach the 1,000-win mark. He could get that on Dec. 19 against Oklahoma. That same night North Carolina coach Sylvia Hatchell could get her 1,000th victory against Grambling State.
Other happenings around college basketball:
STRONG STARTS: Villanova is off to its best start since the 1979-80 season, winning its first nine games. The Wildcats held off Temple down the stretch on Sunday, winning 69-65 to equal the squad's mark from 38 years ago.
100 AND COUNTING: Rutgers crossed the 100-point mark for the first time since the 2014 season and third time under Hall of Fame coach C. Vivian Stringer on Sunday in a 101-35 win over Fairleigh Dickinson. It was the Scarlet Knights' fifth straight win and largest margin of victory since a 75-point victory over Duquesne on Jan. 9, 1988.
POLL WATCH: It was a rough week for No. 20 Kentucky, which lost to both Florida Gulf Coast and Miami. The Wildcats are in danger of falling out of the poll this week.
BONUS BASKETBALL: For the second time in three games Drake lost a game in overtime. The Bulldogs fell to Creighton on Dec. 3 in four overtimes. Drake then lost on Saturday to Nebraska, 89-84, in two OTs. Sandwiched between those games was a 77-point win over Iowa Wesleyan.
SUSPENDED: St. Norbert College said its women's basketball team won't play the next 10 games because of an alcohol-related incident involving some players.
School leaders say the college began an investigation after learning about the incident approximately three weeks ago. The decision to suspend the players involved was made by the school and its judicial board and not by the league office. Officials say the school was unable to field a team because too many players were involved.
The Green Knights will also be ineligible for the Midwest Conference tournament and the regular-season championship. The team's first game back will be at Cornell on Jan. 27.
__
Follow Doug on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dougfeinberg
Staff Reporter
Lahore
Director General, Punjab Emergency Service (Rescue 1122) Dr Rizwan Naseer on Wednesday inaugurated the three-day Training Course here at Emergency Services-Managers Training Centre. The course is being organized by Rescue 1122 in order to strengthen the capacity of Station Coordinators from major districts of Punjab to enhance the incident Command Management Skills. The course will cover the topics including Incident Command System and levels, Incident Risk Philosophy & Management, Incident Management Strategies and Tactics, Simulation Exercises and Incident Securing, debriefing & Documentation followed by evaluation. Dr Rizwan Naseer said that Station Coordinators play an important role at the incident site and always act like a bridge with senior administration to manage any incident. He added that he hoped that all members from all districts would learn and actively participate in the course and play an effective role to manage any incident in their districts. He added that training was a fundamental for the progress and development of any service.
Bangladesh shot out for 43: 18 overs of absolute mayhem
Rupin Kale FOLLOW FEATURED WRITER Feature 210 // 04 Jul 2018, 21:58 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Roach stunned the visitors with his disciplined bowling display
It was swift, it was precise, it was poetry, it was painful, it was West Indies of the yore, it was Bangladesh of the present whenever they visit foreign shores.
Overcast conditions, green patches on the surface, a pace attack brimming with condifence and then an unrelenting bowling performance. All summed up perfectly, all perhaps just the way it was meant to be.
The West Indian bowling attack, led by the pace and precision of Kemar Roach, sliced through the Bangladesh batting line-up at Sir Viv Richards Stadium in Antigua in the first game of the two-match Test series.
The visitors crumbled for 43 all out in just 18.4 overs, falling to their lowest ever total in the longest format of the game.
A hapless Shakib
Records tumbled throughout the innings, as the Bangladesh batting line-up was annihilated in just 99 minutes of play. The meagre total put up by them is the lowest by any team against the West Indians, and also the lowest scored in the country.
It is the tenth joint-shortest innings aggregate as well as eighth shortest completed innings in Test cricket.
The first wicket of the day fell to Roach, the West Indian star of the innings. The delivery was pitched just short of a good length and angled into the left-hander. Tamim Iqbal couldn't gauge the late moment of the ball and ultimately, ended up edging it to Dowrich, who completed a simple catch behind the stumps.
Mominul Haque is dismissed by Roach as well, this time by a delivery further away from the off-stump. The Bangladesh number three looked uncomfortable at the crease from the word go and seemed to tense up more and more in his short stay in the middle. The right-hander flashed hard at the delivery, finally getting caught by Shai Hope at gully.
Roach was on a roll by the time the hosts gobbled up their third wicket!
His prey this time was Mushfiqur Rahim, who went back to the dressing room without troubling the scorers on the day. The LBW decision was reviewed by the former skipper, but it was more in hope than anything else.
The impact of the delivery angling in seemed dubious. However, the tracker retained umpire's call on the impact and showed the delivery crashing into Rahim's off-stump.
Kemar Roach doubled Bangladesh's pain in a span of two deliveries, scalping the wicket of Shakib Al Hasan in the same over. The visiting skipper succumbed to the duck as well, poking at the Barbadian's good length delivery, which was bowled perfectly on the corridor of uncertainty. It was a good grab by Jason Holder at third slip.
Cummins was just the right foil
Roach clinched a five-wicket haul inside nine overs, as he picked up Mahmudullah off the very next delivery. The spearhead was on in full flight, as the right-hander nicked the ball to Dowrich behind the stumps.
This was probably Roach's best wicket of the day, coming off a terrific delivery that plunged in from wide outside the off stump and then straightened at the very last moment.
Miguel Cummins was the first host bowler to get on the board with a wicket after that dream spell from Roach. Liton Das, who was slashing hard at every delivery along his way, got a thick edge off a good-length delivery from the bowler and threw his wicket away with an ugly heave.
Nurul Hasan's wicket came in the very same over, as Cummins bowled a double-wicket maiden on the day. The late movement of the ball is what got to the wicket-keeper, as his attempted flick off the delivery ended up producing an edge straight to Holder at the third slip.
Cummins continued to poke and prod at the Bangladeshi batsmen, received yet another reward in the 16th over of the innings. Devon Smith took a sharp catch at second slip to dismiss Mehidy Hasan, who was the eighth pin to fall on the day. A full delivery from Cummins did the trick this time around, as lack of footwork in the build-up to Hasan's attempted off-drive helped nick the ball to the slip cordon.
Jason Holder, who had been directly involved in two wickets but did not have one to his name up until then, came to the party in the 17th over. Kamrul Islam was dismissed off a short delivery that climbed on him, kissed the edge of his willow, and flew to Dowrich, who caught it with ease.
Holder claimed the last wicket of the innings as well, as the woodwork behind Abu Jayed's bat was disturbed in the 19th over of the game. The delivery was bowled on a good length, moved past the outside edge of Jayed's willow, and took the off-stump with it to put an end to Bangladesh's nightmarish innings.
#YPJ fighters destroy Turkish army's tank with ATGM in Heftar village of Bilbil district. February 3, #Afrin. pic.twitter.com/hyHR2SZMdV
President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House in Washington, Feb. 23, 2017. From left are, Trump, Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, and Ford CEO Mark Fields. (Photo: Evan Vucci / AP file)
New York — President Donald Trump lashed out at the CEO of the nation's third-largest pharmaceutical company after he resigned from a federal advisory council, citing the president's failure to immediately and explicitly rebuke the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville, Virginia.
By early afternoon, the president did issue a direct condemnation of hate groups, but it did not appear to tamp down criticism that it was not done over the weekend when fringe groups clashed with protesters.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier wrote on Twitter Monday that “America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which runs counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal.”
Frazier is one of the few African Americans to head a Fortune 500 company.
Trump mocked the executive almost immediately following the resignation, saying on Twitter that Frazier will now “have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!”
Drugmakers have come under withering criticism for soaring prices in the U.S., including by Trump, though he has yet to act on a promise to contain them.
With the barb, Trump appeared to attack an industry executive who has tried to make drug pricing somewhat more transparent by revealing his company's overall drug price changes.
In January, Merck reported that its average net prices — the amount the company receives after discounts and other rebates — increased in the years since 2010 in a range between 3.4 percent and 6.2 percent. That's about half as large as the increase in its retail prices.
The exchange lit up social media on Monday, with many people lauding Frazier and blasting the president.
Other corporate executives aired support for Frazier as well.
Unilever CEO Paul Polman wrote on Twitter, “Thanks @Merck Ken Frazier for strong leadership to stand up for the moral values that made this country what it is.”
Frazier, who grew up in a poor neighborhood in Philadelphia, resigned days after one person was killed and others wounded in violent clashes between white supremacists and protesters.
Frazier and his siblings were raised by their janitor father after their mother died when he was very young. He has earned a reputation as a risk taker in the drug industry, pouring money into daunting research areas, particularly trying to develop a treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
Frazier is not the first executive to resign from advisory councils serving Trump.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk resigned from the manufacturing council in June, and two other advisory groups to the president, after the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement. Walt Disney Co. Chairman and CEO Bob Iger resigned for the same reason from the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, which Trump established to advise him on how government policy impacts economic growth and job creation.
The manufacturing jobs council had 28 members initially, but it has shrunk since it was formed earlier this year as executives retire, are replaced, or, as with Frazier and Musk, resign.
William Galston, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, said he couldn't “think of a parallel example” of any president responding as viciously as Trump to a CEO departing an advisory council.
“Usually, certain niceties are observed to smooth over a rupture,” said Galston, who served as a domestic policy aide in the Clinton administration.
“We've learned that as president, Mr. Trump is behaving exactly as he did as a candidate,” Galston said. “He knows only one mode: When attacked, hit back harder.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w5VCHs
MONTREAL—Defenceman Victor Mete was loaned by the Montreal Canadiens to Canada's national junior team on Monday, a day before its selection camp for the upcoming world championships begins.
Mete will be joining 32 other players at the Meridian Centre in St. Catharines, Ont., on Tuesday. Hockey Canada will narrow its roster of 18 forwards, 11 defencemen and four goaltenders down to 22 players by Friday.
“We've made the decision to allow Victor Mete to join Team Canada's Selection Camp to give him an opportunity to participate in a very beneficial experience for his development,” said Canadiens general manager Marc Bergevin. “The World Junior Hockey Championship is a very elite and very competitive tournament, and this can be a very rewarding opportunity for a young player.”
Mete is one of six Canadian junior-eligible players in the NHL this season and the first to be loaned to Canada's junior team. Columbus centre Pierre-Luc Dubois, Arizona defenceman Jakob Chychrun, Philadelphia centre Nolan Patrick and Colorado Avalanche defenceman Samuel Girard and centre Tyson Jost are the other eligible players.
Canada has until Dec. 19 to add any other NHLers to its roster for the world junior championships that begin on Dec. 26 in Buffalo, N.Y.
Reports: Former Real Madrid winger set to join Stoke City on loan
He would be the ideal man to replace Arnautovic, who moved to West Ham United.
by Harsh Biyani Rumours 14 Aug 2017, 20:02 IST
Hughes will be pleased to sign Jese
What's the story?
Former Real Madrid winger, Jese Rodriguez, is set to join Stoke City on loan after rejecting a move to Fiorentina.
After a below-par spell at Paris-Saint German, AS claim that Jese is ready to move to England to test himself.
In case you didn't know...
Jese had already agreed to sign for Fiorentina on a 2-year loan deal to replace Federico Bernardeschi.
The player arrived at France just a year ago for £22.5m but failed to make an impact under Unai Emery, scoring just one goal in the first half of the season. In total, the player made just 14 appearances and scored just twice.
Jese spent the second half of the last season at Las Palmas where he scored 3 goals in 16 appearances.
Before joining for PSG, the attacker nearly joined then manager Aitor Karanka's Middlesbrough last season.
The heart of the matter
The Spain international has now made an U-turn and has decided to join Stoke City as soon as possible. The player is keen to play in England and has identified the Potters as an ideal destination.
Jese apparently had a verbal agreement with Fiorentina before Stoke moved in to secure the deal.
The former Real Madrid winger was set to sign a two-year loan deal with Fiorentina and PSG were set to pay a part of his €7m salary. The side from Florence could then sign the 24-year old in the 2019-20 season.
Fiorentina have now turned their attention to sign Giovanni Simeone, son of Diego Simeone.
Stoke manager Hughes has been searching for an ideal replacement for Marko Arnautovic, who departed to West Ham earlier this summer and has identified Jese as an ideal replacement.
PSG are looking to recoup as much as they can from the sale of Jese. As things stand, the clubs have not agreed a figure should Stoke decide to buy him.
According to Sky Sports, the 24-year old will join for the Potters later today and it is believed that the player is currently undergoing his medical.
Video
Author's take
Jese's addition to Stoke will come as a welcome sign for manager Mark Hughes. He lost Arnautovic to West Ham this summer the manager would be pleased to get a replacement.
The player is versatile and can be used in a number of different roles. He could be a perfect replacement for the maverick Austrian.
Prof. Ishaq Oloyede, the Registrar of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board, says 1.7 million candidates are expected to sit for the 2017 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME).
Oloyede made the disclosure while fielding questions from journalists at the Information and Communication Technology Retreat organised for stakeholders on Tuesday in Abeokuta, Ogun.
The retreat was attended by civil society groups, students and other stakeholders in the education sector.
The registrar said the board was also planning to increase its Computer Based Testing (CBT) Centres in order to make the examination exercise seamless.
“We are expecting 1.7 million candidates to sit for JAMB this year and we want to make sure we satisfy them within a week or thereabout,'' he said.
1,561,443 candidates sat for the UTME in 2016.
Oloyede said although he could not guarantee a hitch-free examination, the innovations being put in place “will send some illegal operators, who are defrauding candidates in the past, out of business.''
He said the board would not be deterred in its mission to serve its candidates better this year.
“Frankly, I cannot promise a hitch-free examination because we are testing certain things.
“We are changing certain things; we want to question the statuesquo and we expect a fight back by interests that will be trampled upon,'' the registrar said.
He explained that the board would be as sincere as possible.
“We are going to be as flexible as humanly possible; we are not promising hitch free examination,'' he said.
Oloyede also said that JAMB would soon begin the sale of forms for the 2017 UTME, adding that the board was also working on the possibility of conducting a mock examination.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool will look to sign Nice midfielder Jean Michael Seri after failing to land Naby Keita .
Jurgen Klopp was desperate to land the RB Leipzig star but the Bundesliga club stood firm.
Now, the Reds want the Ivory Coast international as a secondary target, but face competition from Barcelona, Arsenal and Paris Saint-Germain.
Liverpool have walked away from a deal for Keita for the time being, after seeing their £66m offer rebuffed.
A deal for Seri will not be easy though, as Nice have no desire or need to sell after cashing in on Brazilian left-back Dalbert in a deal worth up to £25m.
(Image: Icon Sport)
(Image: Icon Sport)
A move is further complicated by the Champions League qualifiers, both for Klopp's side against Hoffenheim and Nice, who take on Napoli.
The ties will finish on August 23, leaving just one week left until the transfer window shuts.
Should the Partenopei knock out Les Aiglons out, a deal could be struck, though progress to the group stage would all but end any possibility of signing Seri.
Khloe Kardashian's family are desperate for her to move back to Los Angeles.
The 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians' star has been living in Cleveland, Ohio, since the birth of her daughter True two months ago because she wanted to be near her boyfriend Tristan Thompson - who plays basketball out there for the Cleveland Cavaliers - but her famous relatives are trying to persuade her to head back to California because they feel like they barely get to see her or the little one now.
A source told E! News: "Everyone is understanding of her situation and they are all trying to be there for her, but obviously want her home.
"They are letting her have her space in Cleveland and keep her routine, but wish they could have more moments together as a family unit and have True around more. Everyone hopes she will come back to Los Angeles once True is a little older."
Khloe's family - including her mother Kris Jenner and sister Kim Kardashian West - were convinced she'd head back to Los Angeles shortly after she had given birth as she had found out a few days prior that Tristan had allegedly cheated on her.
However, the 33-year-old beauty shocked her relatives and her fans when she decided to stay put and work through her issues with the 27-year-old NBA star.
An insider said: "Khloe has been trying to avoid any tension. Khloe is still trying to regain trust with Tristan and figure out how to keep the family together."
Khloe was left devastated at the beginning of April when video footage of Tristan seemingly smooching another woman in a night club in New York was leaked online.
Despite her heartbreak, Khloe allowed Tristan, whom she's been dating since 2016, to be at the birth of their daughter before kicking him out of their family home.
But it didn't take long before Tristan had managed to wiggle his way back in as the pair are now living together again and are raising their little girl as a couple.
SK WWE Power Rankings: 2 January, 2017
The first edition of Power rankings for 2017.
@Midcard_Smark by Renjith Ravindran Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017, 17:46 IST
We have officially stepped into a New Year. For WWE fans, the end of WrestleMania would probably be the start of a New Year, but then again, following the conventional non-wrestling calendar every now and then wouldn't be a bad thing. As for the Power Rankings, the last edition came in 2016 and had Miz on top.
It was a great year for the reigning Intercontinental Champion and he would look to carry his momentum forward this year. A week of WWE programming has passed after we rolled out the last Power Rankings article where Miz reigned supreme and with the latest edition, we are going to take a look at how things have shaken up.
#10 Alexa Bliss (NR)
Bliss retained this week
Alexa Bliss makes a return to the Power Rankings this week thanks to her win over Becky Lynch on SmackDown live. Alexa defended the SmackDown Women's Championship on Tuesday night and got unexpected but welcome assistance from La Luchadora as well.
The distraction and interference from the mystery Luchadora helped Alexa defeat Becky and keep the title.
Though it came in a tainted manner, the win is a win at the end of the day and it strengthens Alexa's reign. With Becky now having to deal with La Luchadora, Alexa might move on to a different feud where she can showcase her talents once again.
The controversial mayor of Whitchurch-Stouffville — who is still barred from talking to town staff, or entering town facilities except to attend council meetings — has officially put his name into the running again for the town's top job. Justin Altmann, who is serving out sanctions imposed on him by fellow councillors in March after he failed to apologize for creating a bizarre wall of photos in his office washroom, officially registered for the mayoral race on Tuesday.
Jenny Altmann, left, is running in Ward 5 in Whitchurch-Stouffville, while her husband, Justin Altmann, right, is seeking re-election as mayor. ( Rick Madonik / Toronto Star file photo )
His wife, Jenny, is also running for a council position in Ward 5, even though she doesn't live in the ward. The couple, who recently had a baby, invited the entire town to their public wedding in 2016. The two are among a slate of candidates who registered this week, after Altmann sent out an “urgent” message to residents on social media telling them “it is time to take back our home town” and asking them to attend a meeting to sign documentation that would allow the candidates to register.
Article Continued Below
“It is time to put our community first once again as a whole and not simply cater to specific corporations or individuals,” said Altmann in the message. “In the air there is a strong force that is pushing for a new council and the winds of change are upon us.” While rare, it's not against the rules of the Municipal Act for a husband-wife team to run for council together. “There is nothing ... that would prevent like-minded candidates from campaigning on the same platform or identifying themselves as a group or slate. However, each candidate must keep their campaign finances separate and any joint expenses (for example, signs with two candidates' names on them) must be divided between the campaigns,” said Conrad Spezowka, spokesman for the Ministry of Municipal Affairs In 1988, long-time North York mayor Mel Lastman won his eighth mayoral bid, while his wife Marilyn ran for city council that year but lost. In 2003, Oshawa councillor Cathy Clarke was up for re-election when her husband Michael ran for mayor, and lost. The candidates on Altmann's slate include a number of residents known to be supporters of the mayor, and incumbent Ward 6 Councillor Rob Hargrave, who has been an advocate for of the mayor throughout the contentious council term.
Hargrave was the only councillor to vote against imposing sanctions on the mayor at the March council meeting, despite the mayor's refusal to apologize for creating a CSI-style wall, that an ethics probe found constituted “workplace harassment.” Altmann did not respond to questions about his re-election bid when contacted Wednesday.
Article Continued Below
Altmann already has some competition for the mayor's seat. Among those running for mayor are local resident Anand Daté, and current Ward 5 Councillor Iain Lovatt. Lovatt says it's time for a change in Stouffville. “We have had challenges, and our town needs a leader with a proven track record who can bring unity and consensus back to council and move us forward,” said Lovatt. “We've all seen the way our town's brand has become tarnished with the media coverage over the last term. The residents of Whitchurch-Stouffville did not ask for this and deserve better,” he said. He says instead of just dealing with controversies, the mayor should be working to deal with the staffing exodus in the town, and to come up with a strategic plan — which he says wasn't developed during the current term. Lovatt says it is concerning that the mayor has surrounded himself with people known to be his supporters. “You need diversity in thought in council. Will they represent the interest of their constituents, before they represent the interests the mayor? Only time will tell. But that's just not democracy.”
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 3:07 pm |
Reb Yisrael Kristal.
Last week, the world learned of the passing of Reb Yisrael Kristal, who, at the age of 113, was the world's oldest man. Following is an interview with Reb Yisrael that originally appeared in Hamodia's Inyan Magazine, issue of March 9, 2016.
***
MEMORIES FROM DER HEIM
“Ah, ich zei di richtige Molnitza Yidden (I see the real Molnitza Jews!)” Reb Yisrael Yitzchak Kristal, n”y, exclaimed upon seeing us, his visitors, dressed in chassidishe garb. He remembered the Radoshitz Chassidim he grew up with in the village of Molnitza (Molience).
Even after his designation as the oldest living man in the world, Reb Yisrael Kristal lives a quiet, unpretentious life in Haifa, shunning media spotlights.
A grandson of Reb Yisrael wascontacted by the Gerontology Research Group in the U.S. following the death of Yasutaro Koide in Japan, who was 112. According to the organization, Reb Yisrael is now the oldest living man on record.
Reb Yisrael, who has been putting on tefillin for 99 years and is makpid on halachah, remembers throwing sweets at Emperor Franz Josef I of Austria when he visited Poland in 1914. That was also the first time he saw a car.
He speaks about life in his hometown. “So much chessed was performed in the village [of Molnitza],” Reb Yisrael says. “I remember that every Erev Shabbos we would bring our pot of cholent to the baker, who had a large oven where all the cholent pots were kept warm until Shabbos morning. By the weight of the pot, the baker knew the financial position of every family in the village.”
And what happened to those who didn't have anything in their pot?
Reb Yisrael replies with a smile: “Ah, those people had the most! When the other villagers saw that one of the pots was essentially empty, they quickly put some of their cholent into that pot. As a result, when the family came to take back their pot for the seudah, they had the most cholent.”
Speaking about the Jewish cemetery in Zarnow, his birthplace, Reb Yisrael is moved. “How many tzaddikim and kedoshim are buried in that cemetery!” He then names many of them.
He notes the kadosh Reb Henich Kozlowski, Hy”d, who owned a foodstore in Zarnow. A jealous local gentile, who also had a supermarket, always sought an opportunity to harm Reb Henich. His chance came when the Russians occupied the village. The gentile told an officer that Reb Henich spoke against the Russians. When Reb Henich heard this, he went into hiding. However, the Russian officer took ten Jews to the courtyard of the local shul, declaring that if Reb Henich didn't show up within 15 minutes, all ten Jews would be killed.
Reb Henich immediately surrendered to the Russians, and although he promised them that the gentile's story was a scurrilous lie, the Russians hanged him in the nearby forest. “His death shocked all of us,” Reb Yisrael recalls. Reb Henich was buried in the local cemetery, and his tizyun became a major site for davening. (See “Maleniece, My Ancestral Shtetl,” Nov. 14, 2014)
Yisrael as a toddler.
KARTOFEL MIT BORSHT FOR BREAKFAST
Reb Yisrael was born on 23 Elul 5663/1903 in the Polish village of Zarnow, near Lodz, but the family moved to Molnitza, a nearby village, soon after his birth because his father, Reb Moshe Dovid, z”l, was appointed “Moshke” of the Molnitza poritz (just like in the storybooks), who was responsible for the poritz's bookkeeping.
Like most of Zarnow's Jews, Reb Yisrael's father was a Chassid of Reb Hillel of Radoshitz, zy”a, and would travel to his Rebbe for the Yamim Tovim and some Shabbosos.
Reb Moshe would wake up at four o'clock every morning, light the oven to heat the house, and prepare cups of tea for his seven children. He would then wake up the children and learn Chumash and Gemara with them. In those days, boys didn't learn in cheder; instead, they learned with their fathers and a local rebbi.
Reb Yisrael's mother, Brachah, a”h, would also wake up early to prepare breakfast — kartofel mit borsht (potato with borsht) — before they went to their melamed, Reb Yisroel Leibish, to She was niftar at the age of 29.
World War I broke out when Reb Yisrael was 11. His father was captured by the Russians and kept as a prisoner until the end of the war, four years later. Reb Yisrael's aunt housed him for the duration of his father's imprisonment, but the young orphan had to work hard in the cow shed and chicken coop.
“I didn't have a bar mitzvah, and even when my father returned, nobody thought about it.”
Shortly after Reb Yisrael's father returned home he caught typhus and was niftar on Purim 5679/1919. Now doubly orphaned, the 16-year-old had to fend for himself. Since there were few job opportunities in his town, his uncle sent him to Lodz, where he was employed in a candy factory.
“It was hard physical work,” he recalls. “When I first started there, I had to carry 25-kilogram (55-pound) sacks of sugar.”
He gradually became so successful that he received a Meister certificate (master craftsman) in the art of confectionery manufacturing, with the manager revealing the secret recipe to him.
At the age of 24, Reb Yisrael married his first wife, Feige, Hy”d; they were blessed with two sons. They opened a shop below their apartment, selling homemade chocolate and ice cream. After two years, they were forced to close the shop because of the anti-Semitic mood and pogroms. (Without even seeing the proprietors, gentiles would know it was a Jewish shop because it was closed on Shabbos and Yom Tov.) Reb Yisrael returned to the candy factory, where he worked until the outbreak of World War II.
Reb Yisrael with his diploma in
chocolate-making.
“THE HOLOCAUST MADE ME EVEN MORE RELIGIOUS”
When the Nazis overtook Lodz in 1939, harsh restrictions were imposed on the Jews. They were forced to wear a yellow star, weren't allowed to use public transportation, and the shuls were torched. Reb Yisrael, like other Jews, was forced out of his job.
The Kristals' German landlord, Mr. Sheller, who was not anti-Semitic and was of great help to the couple, bought candy-production machines and hundreds of kilograms of cocoa to open a factory together with them. He also looked after their valuables, because of the fear of burglaries and Nazi vandalization of Jewish homes. His job was short-lived, however: When the Lodz Ghetto was formed, the Kristals had to leave their home.
The Nazi heads of the ghetto heard about Reb Yisrael's talent, and they ordered him to manufacture candies for the Nazi soldiers. That is how Reb Yisrael and his wife were saved, until the liquidation of the Lodz Ghetto in August 1944. Their two sons, ages ten and eight, died from malnutrition in the ghetto.
The Kristals were sent along with many Jews on a 36- hour arduous and degrading train journey in subhuman conditions to Auschwitz-Birkenau. On arrival, the men were separated from the women, and that was the last time Reb Yisrael saw his wife, Hy”d.
Everything he had was confiscated by the Nazis, but somehow Reb Yisrael was able to keep his shoes. To prevent them from being stolen, he tore the exterior of the shoes to make them look worthless.
“I wasn't a human being — the cow was better off,” is how he describes the gehinnom he suffered. “One day's experiences there could fill two books.”
When freed by the Russians after the Death March, Reb Yisrael was 41 years old but weighed just 34 kilograms (75 pounds).
“I never thought I would survive the War. All I thought about each day was to stay alive that day, nothing more. So I certainly didn't dream of having grandchildren and great- grandchildren, and whenever I look at them I know that I have won.”
The atrocities he witnessed in Lodz and Auschwitz continue to haunt him. “The world hasn't changed,” Reb Yisrael is obviously pained to say. “Now the Holocaust has moved to Syria, and the whole world is looking on, not doing a thing — exactly the same as what happened 70 years ago during the European Holocaust. All they think about is money. They are playing with people as if they were footballs, and the world just watches silently.”
When asked about emunah, Reb Yisrael declares that the Holocaust did not negatively affect his beliefs; on the contrary, it even strengthened his faith. “I became even more religious from the Holocaust,” Reb Yisrael affirms. “If I stayed alive after so much suffering, this is a real miracle because it's supernatural.”
REBUILDING
After the Holocaust, Reb Yisrael returned to Lodz, where he was hospitalized and ultimately was discharged on crutches. After recovering, he once again established a candy factory, and married his second wife, Batsheva Chuda, herself a survivor of the Lodz ghetto and Auschwitz, and the sole survivor in her family. But they weren't finished with their travails: Their first child, Dovid, died after being vaccinated at the age of one month.
A year later, in 1948, they merited the birth of their son Chaim, presently a children's doctor in Yesod Hamaaleh.
Since anti-Semitism was still strong in postwar Lodz, the Kristals decided to emigrate to Eretz Yisrael. In 1950 they landed in Haifa, and a year later their daughter Shulamit was born. Reb Yisrael once again established a confectionery store in Haifa, where he worked until his retirement.
In the 1960s, the Israeli confectionery firm Elite offered to buy his unique recipe for candies, but Reb Yisrael rejected the offer. “If I sell it, what will remain for me?” And to the present day, nobody knows his secret.
His wife Batsheva was niftar 20 years ago at age 70, after suffering a stroke.
A selection of his candies.
“IT COULD BE WORSE, SO LET'S GIVE THANKS FOR WHAT WE HAVE”
Reb Yisrael starts his day at 5:30 in the morning (“There's no point in sleeping more. I've slept enough in my lifetime!”) He davens by heart because of his weakened eyesight.
Reb Yisrael's daughter, Mrs Shulamit Kuperstoch, says her father's perspective is unique. “What has held him strong all these years is his optimism,” she says. “His view is that if times are hard, it could be worse. And when times are good — well, there is no limit to good.
“Whenever something bad happens, he always responds: ‘It could be worse, so let us give thanks for what we have.' When such things happen, he doesn't get angry, doesn't calculate that life owes him better and doesn't feel bitter. He faces the facts head-on, and he believes that every problem can be overcome.”
Reb Yisrael also has his own views on eating. “In the camps there wasn't always something to eat. Whatever they gave me, I ate. [Today,] I eat to live; I don't live to eat,” he explains. “A person shouldn't constantly want more, since too much of a good thing isn't good, like being too clever. Similarly, eating too much isn't good. It's better to eat a bit less than a bit more. You shouldn't fill yourself up with food.”
When he was 109 and his pacemaker battery ran out, it took time to obtain a replacement. “They are taking their time, because they want to get rid of me,” Reb Yisrael quipped to his daughter.
“Not at all,” she replied, “they just haven't decided if they should put in a ten-year battery, or one that lasts longer!”
What does Reb Reb Yisrael daven for? “Every morning I ask Hashem to grant me at least one more day.”
In reply to our final question — What is the secret of your longevity? — Reb Yisrael quips, “If I tell you, it will no longer be a secret!” So we're left wondering. Is it his good sense of humor, his incredible optimism, his calmness of mind, or perhaps his keeping busy with candies and chocolates?
Reb Yisrael shakes his head, and points upward. “There aren't any secrets. It is a present from Hashem.”
We would like to thank Rabbi Chanoch Zvi Rubinstein for his help in preparing this article.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Everyone looks better with some healthy colour in their cheeks.
But we can take our obsession with tanning too far, sometimes.
All it takes is one day of glorious sunshine and suddenly social media is awash with some painful-looking sunburn fails.
It's not just red, raw and flaky skin which we have to worry about as a result of getting burnt .
As we should all know by now, by not protecting our skin from the sun's harmful UV rays, we age ourselves and also increase our risk of getting skin cancer.
(Image: Getty)
Even if you religiously slather on the factor 30, however, there is one common "danger area" that many of us repeatedly miss.
And it could be bad news.
Consultant dermatologist Dr Justine Kluk says: "A common area that we often miss when we're applying our SPF is our feet, especially if we have the tendency to tan naturally."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
As for the consequences of not protecting the skin on our feet, Dr Kluk tells The Sun :
"You're way more susceptible to skin cancer,"
"And, in fact, the sun is so strong that if your skin burns during childhood, you could be double as likely to develop melanoma as an adult."
Tanning isn't all it's cracked up to be either.
Dr Kluk adds: "Tanning is actually a sign that the skin has gone into defence mode.
"A tan actually shows that the skin has gone into overdrive to produce its natural hormone that helps shield it from the sun - melanin - which means that a tan is actually a sign of sun damage."
Dhaka
At least 147 people have been killed in Bangladesh and neighboring regions of northeast India after heavy rains triggered a series of landslides and flooded swaths of land over the past two days, officials say. The densely-populated Bangladesh is battered by storms, floods, and landslides every rainy season. The latest casualties come weeks after Cyclone Mora killed at least seven people and damaged tens of thousands of homes in the country's southeast. Landslides hit three hilly districts in Bangladesh's southeast early on Tuesday, killing 98 people in Rangamati, 32 in Chittagong, and six in Bandarban, said Reaz Ahmed, the head of the department of disaster management.
Many people are still missing and the death toll could rise further as rescuers search for bodies, Ahmed told Reuters. The death toll included four soldiers who were trapped by a landslide after they joined the rescue operation in Rangamati, he said.
Shah Kamal, the secretary of Bangladesh's disaster ministry, said there had been no rain on Wednesday and rescue operations were in full swing.“It is a great relief. Some areas in the district are still cut off but people are being moved through navy boats,” he told Reuters by telephone from Rangamati.—Agencies
NATIONAL
The United States will go to war with North Korea if it fires missiles at Guam, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said Monday, issuing another strong warning to the nuclear armed regime.
Guam, a US territory in the Pacific, has emerged as a major security issue following North Korea's threats to shoot ballistic missiles into nearby waters.
That threat came last week, escalating already high tensions between Washington and Pyongyang.
"We'll know if it's going towards Guam within moments," Mattis said of the missiles, on an unannounced visit to the Pentagon's press room. "I think if they fire at the United States, it could escalate into war very quickly. Yes, that's called war, if they shoot at us."
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis (Yonhap)
He made clear that if the North shoots at the US, then it's "game on.""We'll take it out," Mattis said.If the missiles land in waters short of Guam, the decision will be left to President Donald Trump, he added. Trump, in turn, would consult with America's allies.In unusually strong rhetoric last week, Trump said the North would experience "fire and fury" if it continued to threaten the United States. He later added that the US military is "locked and loaded" to respond to its provocations.Mattis initially declined to comment on how the US would react to a North Korean missile attack, saying the president had made it clear.Guam, he said, is well protected. The island is home to some7,000 American military personnel and some strategic assets including bombers and a THAAD missile defense battery.Last week, the secretary warned the North to "cease any consideration of actions that would lead to the end of its regime and the destruction of its people."But he has also emphasized the need to diplomatically resolve the standoff with the recalcitrant state.In an op-ed published in the Wall Street Journal on Sunday, Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the Trump administration will aim to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula through diplomatic and economic pressure."While diplomacy is our preferred means of changing North Korea's course of action, it is backed by military options," they said. (Yonhap)
Dr. Donna Senft, Air Mobility Command chief scientist, left, and Sara Keller, AMC Logistics, Engineering, Force Protection deputy director, both assigned to Scott Air Force Base, Ill., listen to Jim Ewing, 436th Aerial Port Squadron operations manager, explain pallet build up and processing of oversized cargo by aerial port personnel Feb. 7, 2017, at Dover Air Force Base, Del. Senft and Keller were part of AMC's “Aerial Port of the Future” study team that observed practices and procedures used by Super Port personnel. (U.S. Air Force photo by Roland Balik)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.07.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 08:26 Photo ID: 3167005 VIRIN: 170207-F-BO262-1288 Resolution: 4256x2832 Size: 3.93 MB Location: DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DE, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, AMC paves ground for Aerial Port of the Future [Image 1 of 9], by Roland Balik, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
HANOVER TWP. — Four teenagers were in a car that veered off South Main Street in Hanover Township and struck a utility pole on Saturday night.
The crash, which killed one of the teens in the car, remains under investigation by Hanover Township Police. Chief Albert Walker offered few details on the crash Monday morning, but did confirm that all four occupants of the vehicle at the time were teenagers.
Luzerne County Deputy Coroner Dan Hughes confirmed on Sunday that one of the four teens later died at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center in Plains Twp. He could not release the victim's name as of Sunday evening.
Township police continue to investigate the crash that occurred around 11 p.m. on South Main Street near Strand Street in the Lee Park section of town. Police said the vehicle was traveling south and crossed into the northbound lane before striking a utility pole.
The car stopped in an open field and all of the occupants were taken by ambulance to hospitals, police said in a release.
Anyone who witnessed the crash can call Hanover Twp. police at 570-825-1254.
Whether it be caring commitments, becoming a parent, or needing more flexibility, there are many reasons why you may be looking for less than a 40-hour week.
Not being able to apply for a lot of roles because you can't work full-time hours is really tough.
But don't give up, there are a great range of part-time jobs hiring now, available through Fish4jobs.
Spend some time at Bristol Cathedral
Bristol Cathedral is looking for someone they can hire as an education support assistant. The lucky person who lands the job will help to resource the cathedral's offer to schools and also manage and deliver the cathedral's work with children and young families on a Sunday.
The team is looking for a creative and collaborative individual with relevant qualifications and experience of working with young people.
To find our more or to apply, click here.
Become someone's companion
Fish4jobs client Josh Taylor is looking to recruit male and female home helpers, carers and companions in Henleaze, Stoke Bishop, Westbury on Trym, Redland, Bishopston, Horfield and neighbouring areas.
You will be working for an award-winning provider specialising in care and support to private clients who are still active, but require some personal care and companionship to help them to remain independent in their own homes.
This could include offering support to help them with their morning/evening routine, prompting to take medication, taking them out shopping/attending local groups, attending doctors/hospital appointments, preparing a meal for them and being a friend and someone for company.
Apply for the role here.
Not just a worker – but an ambassador
SLS Recruitment's sales and direct marketing company is offering a few successful candidates the opportunity to join their dynamic and award winning sales and marketing team, due to company expansion and high demand from their customer base.
They provide promotional services for well known commercial clients around the UK and design tailor-made marketing campaigns for the clients they work with and turn over revenue for them.
Some of the benefits of this role includes national and international travel, as well as mentoring on the job.
If this job sounds right up your street, apply here.
Need something for two days a week?
Dorrington Mundy is looking for someone to take on a permanent part-time contract for two days a week.
The company says it requires someone with good secretarial and organisational skills, including experience with Word and Excel, with a good touch-typing speed.
You should also have a ‘cheerful, friendly, outgoing personality' according to the ad, with a flexible approach and sense of humour.
To find out more, apply here.
Head back to school – without sitting any actual exams
Fancy taking a trip back to the classroom?
Randstad Education is recruiting for exam invigilators to work on an adhoc basis in a variety of secondary schools in Bristol during the upcoming GCSE exams.
Invigilators are responsible for recording attendance, instructing the students on the requirements, answering any queries and maintaining a quiet environment for all participants.
To be successful in your application you will need to be flexible and be willing to travel to schools across the Bristol area.
To apply for one of these positions and to find out more click here.
Muscat
The Council of Ministers on Wedneasday issued a statement regarding the adverse climatic conditions that prevailed over the governorates of Dhofar and Al Wusta. The statement reads as follows: “In implementation of the continuous attention of His Majesty Sultan Qaboos to all that might provide comprehensive welfare for all people of Oman, and in realisation of His Majesty's keenness to spare no effort in maintaining the safety of citizens and their properties, the Council of Ministers has reviewed, during its session today, the process of government follow-up of the impact of the recent climatic change that prevailed in the governorates of Dhofar and Al Wusta, with a view to bring back things to normal in the stricken areas.
“The Council of Ministers would like to express thanks and appreciation for the efforts of all parties and personnel, especially those of the Ministry of Defence, the Sultan's Armed Forces, the Royal Guard of Oman, the Royal Oman Police, security apparatuses, the National Civil Defence Commission, the meteorological department and media departments, particularly the Public Authority for Radio and Television, for the great work done round the clock, and the prompt action taken each and every moment, including guidance and public awareness about the nature and developments of the climatic condition — all with the prime aim of saving the lives of citizens and residents, and this has had a very positive effect.”
“The media also has an undeniable role in covering this climatic condition. Indeed, all ministries and units concerned have played a major role in tackling the adverse impact on some facilities, while at the same time gradually resuming the operation of services. “The governorates of Dhofar and Al Wusta sprang to action, and so did the private sector and Oman Charitable Organisation have shown full sense of responsibility while dealing with the developments and the aftermath of the climatic condition. “The Council of Ministers would like to offer its condolences to the families of those who lost their lives as a result of the climatic conditions in the Sultanate and neighbouring countries and prays for the safety of all.”
Meanwhile, His Highness Sayyid Fahd bin Mahmood al Said, Deputy Prime Minister for the Council of Ministers, has expressed the government's satisfaction and its deep recognition of the remarkable response of citizens, which, he said, is testimony to their ability to collaborate in safeguarding the gains and achievements made under the enlightened leadership of His Majesty the Sultan, “May the Almighty God grant him continuous success and support him with His divine care!”—OO
Staff Reporter
Karachi
The Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) opened the week on a positive note, with the benchmark KSE-100 Index gaining 176 points to close at 43,540.
In a lacklustre, range-bound session, the index touched the day's low of 43,312 points early on and a high of 43,621 points towards the session's close.
In all, 116 million shares worth Rs 5.3 billion were traded on the exchange. Of the 377 traded scrips, 182 advanced, 180 declined and 15 remained unchanged.
The chemical sector dominated trading by a significant margin, with 34.5m shares traded.
Volumes were led by:
Lotte Chemical: 20.1m shares traded [+3.40pc]; Nimir Resins: 9.5m shares traded [+9.57pc]; Fauji Foods Ltd: 6.0m shares traded [+3.48pc]; Faysal Bank: 4.4m shares traded [-0.82pc] and TRG Pak Ltd: 4.4m shares traded [+2.11pc].
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Those without access to a quantum computer can console themselves with Microsoft's Quantum Development Kit, introduced as a preview release on Monday.
Quantum computing has been around as as a plausible idea since the 1980s, based on earlier theoretical work on quantum information systems. But it would take until 2011 before the Canada-based D-Wave released D-Wave One, the first commercially available quantum computing hardware.
The company's current model, the D-Wave 2000Q, has been estimated to cost about $15 million. And there are now rivals, such as Quantum Circuits and IonQ, not to mention work going on at Google, IBM, Intel, and Microsoft.
"What problems will be solvable with a computer that computes in a billion parallel universes at the same time?" asks Charlie Marcus, professor and director of QDev and principal researcher at the Microsoft Quantum Research project at NBI, University of Copenhagen, in a Microsoft video.
Certainly such a computer could solve retirement worries, even if sold at half-price, but apart from that no one knows is sure what will be done with it. IBM research published earlier this year suggests that classical supercomputers still outperform quantum computers.
Today in non-depressing news: Boffins build the biggest quantum sims READ MORE
But in the next few years, there's hope that quantum systems will be able to handle calculations too daunting for current hardware, like making public key encryption useless or tallying politicians accused of impropriety.
"Quantum computing will enable us to solve problems that take longer than the lifetime of the universe in seconds, hours, or days," insists Krysta Svore, principal researcher at Microsoft Research and manager of the company's quantum architectures and computation group.
According to Svore, work on simulators suggests quantum algorithms will be able to find patterns in data more rapidly than other approaches, which could help machines recognize speech, language, and objects better than they do at present.
In preparation for that time, Microsoft would have developers practice their quantum coding chops, which might not be a bad idea for those planning to work for NASA, the NSA, other the handful of other large organizations dipping their toes into the rarified world of quantum calculations.
Talked up at its Ignite conference in September, the Quantum Development Kit is integrated with Microsoft Visual Studio, but instead of writing in C#, devs use a language called Q#.
It's not for the faint-hearted, requiring familiarity with the principles of quantum computing and with linear algebra. Instead of a "Hello, World!" starter project, forward-looking devs can try their hands at demonstrating quantum superposition and quantum entanglement using a Bell State.
In the absence of quantum hardware, Q# coders will have to be content with Microsoft's local quantum simulator, which can fake 30 logical qubits of quantum computing power. Those looking for more horsepower – or perhaps we should say atomic power – can step up to Microsoft's Azure-based simulator, capable of providing 40 logical qubits.
Microsoft is thoughtfully providing various learning resources, to make the whole business a bit less baffling. Company co-founder Bill Gates is among those who admit that quantum computing is difficult to understand.
In Microsoft's blog post on the subject, Svore expresses the hope that subjects like quantum teleportation – sharing information through quantum entanglement, not to be confused with Star Trek-style matter transmission – will prove intriguing enough to pique the interest of programmers. ®
Michael Brun joined RiverTown Multimedia at the Red Wing Republican Eagle in March 2013, covering county government, health and local events. He is a graduate of the University of Wisconsin-River Falls journalism program.
Former Tigers second baseman Lou Whitaker has a career WAR of 74.9, according to Baseball-Reference.com calculations. (Photo: Jonathan Daniel / Getty Images)
Detroit — The email popped into the inbox late Sunday night, from a longtime baseball writer with close ties to the Baseball Hall of Fame.
“You guys in Detroit happy tonight?”
Getting there, sir. Getting there.
The announcement that Alan Trammell and Jack Morris were, after all these years, Cooperstown-bound was met with practically universal glee from Detroit, the 'burbs, and the entire state of Michigan, from Port Huron to Paw Paw, Pentwater to Petoskey.
And then, in the immediate aftermath of the good word, thoughts turned swiftly — like, say, a 1980s Tigers double play — to Trammell's longtime double-play partner, Lou Whitaker.
Whitaker remains the forgotten Tiger, certainly not 'round these parts, but definitely nationally.
“I immediately thought of Lou. I went, ‘Now what?' ” said Dan Petry, who played 11 years alongside Trammell and Whitaker. “He's the guy that gets tossed off the ballot immediately, and Trammell's advocating for him, a lot of people are advocating for him. I don't know. I think it's gonna be very interesting now.
“Their plaques should be side by side. That's never going to happen again. That's not gonna happen. Those are the kind of things people tell stories about, the lore of baseball — fathers pass down to their kids, and grandfathers pass down to their grandchildren.
“I used to watch Trammell and Whitaker.”
Trammell, 59, and Whitaker, 60, debuted the same day, in Boston, in September 1977, and played their entire careers together — 19 in all, with Whitaker retiring one year before Trammell. That was the only thing that separated their careers, that one decision.
And, it was that one year that separated them when it came to the Hall of Fame, with Whitaker appearing on the writers' ballot one year before Trammell.
More:Henning: Twin pillars of '84 Tigers get deserved Hall call
In cruel irony, it also was that one year that might've done in Whitaker, in that it removed him, for the first time, from the same conversation as Trammell.
Until that year, 2001, when Whitaker first appeared on the ballot, it always was, as former Tigers closer Mike Henneman said, “Tram and Lou, Lou and Tram, Tram and Lou, Lou and Tram.”
Without Trammell by his side, Whitaker received just 2.9 percent of the vote from the writers in 2001, knocking him off the ballot after just one year. Granted, it was a stacked ballot. Two men made the Hall of Fame that year, Dave Winfield and Kirby Puckett, and five more — Gary Carter, Jim Rice, Bruce Sutter, Rich “Goose” Gossage and Bert Blyleven — made it in future years.
Given the Hall of Fame's archaic rules that writers can only vote for 10 men, no matter how many are worthy — it's a rule that remains in place all these years later, despite writers' overwhelming please for the Hall of Fame to change the rules — Whitaker, the five-time All-Star and three-time Gold Glove winner at second base, was a victim of circumstance.
Much more surprising, last month, a committee tasked with putting together the 10-person Modern Era ballot left off Whitaker. His career WAR of 74.9, per Baseball-Reference.com calculations, would've made him the most valuable player on the ballot, even better than the two men who made it Sunday night, Trammell and Morris.
“Total (expletive). I'm sorry,” said Henneman, a rookie on the 1987 team — the other Tigers, along with the 1984 World Series champion, that made the playoffs in the 1980s.
“His numbers and what he's done throughout his career,” said Tom Brookens, “Lou certainly deserves a better look than what he's gotten.”
More: Henning: Hall of Fame ballot call on Lou Whitaker defies logic
To sort out any confusion, were two committees in play here. There was a 11-person committee, made up of longtime baseball writers, that put together the Modern Era ballot, where, again, they were limited to 10 names. Then there was the 16-member committee, made up of Hall-of-Fame players, executives (past and present) and historians that voted Sunday.
Members of the 11-person committee told The News last month that Whitaker's name was discussed at length, but fell short this time. Maybe there was a fear of the ballot being too overloaded with Tigers. Maybe it's just that Whitaker's personality — quiet, aloof, etc. — continues to make folks forget how good he was, with a .363 career on-base percentage and .789 OPS. Unlike Trammell and Morris, Whitaker has stayed mostly away from the game since retirement, too. Baseball-Reference.com lists players who are most similar, and on Whitaker's page, the five closest are Ryne Sandberg, Trammell, Roberto Alomar, Buddy Bell and Joe Morgan, three of which are in the Hall of Fame, and another, Trammell, who is heading for induction in Cooperstown this July.
Trammell told The News recently his dream always has been to go in with Whitaker. Now, that won't happen. But there's a good chance Trammell's speech this summer will be part stump, for Whitaker's cause. Whitaker, a fifth-round draft pick by the Tigers out of Martinsville (Va.) High in 1975 and the 1978 AL rookie of the year, will be eligible again in two years, when the Modern Era committee reconvenes.
The election of Trammell and Morris should help raise awareness about his strong case, given all the history lessons baseball fans are about to be treated to regarding the 1984 Tigers.
“Lou was just quiet and went about his business day in and day out. Alan was the same way. They both should be in,” said John Grubb, an outfielder for the Tigers from 1983-87. “Lou was a great second baseman, great hitter, could steal you a base any time you wanted. He played every day, vs. righties and lefties. It will happen with Lou, too.”
Said Lance Parrish: “I hope now maybe this will give everybody an opportunity to take a little closer look.”
The Modern Era committee considers cases of players who made their peak contributions from 1970-87. The good news for Whitaker is that, unlike the writers' ballot which always is getting a new influx of worthy names, there's nobody else who can be added to the Modern Era class for consideration. Marvin Miller, the late players-association chief, probably — and rightly so — will be on the ballot again in two years. And longtime catcher/slugger Ted Simmons, a Southfield native who like Whitaker lasted just the one year on the writers' ballot, probably will be back on ballot, too, after receiving 11 votes Sunday, just one shy of election.
None of the other 10 — not Michigan State alum Steve Garvey, Tommy John, Don Mattingly, Dale Murphy, Dave Parker or Luis Tiant — received even half the votes necessary, so there's no momentum there, and no reason to continue putting them on the ballot.
So, yes, Whitaker's time should be coming, even if it's a long time coming — and long overdue, just like the 1984 Tigers, as a whole. They're finally getting their first Hall-of-Fame players, after their manager, Sparky Anderson, was inducted in 2000.
The Tigers, themselves, might be able to help the cause by retiring Whitaker's No. 1 alongside Trammell's No. 3 and Morris' No. 47 this August.
“I've always been asked the question about, ‘Why do you think that these guys aren't in the Hall of Fame?' And I'm always going, ‘Well, geez, I don't know,' ” Petry said. “And then people bring it to my attention — it's not me saying it, they say, ‘Well, hey, the ballclub doesn't honor the players, so how can a national Hall of Fame honor them if the local team doesn't?'
“And I always kind of went, ‘Hmmm, boy that's interesting.”
tpaul@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/tonypaul1984
The indefinite general strike, which has crossed the two-month mark, will continue, said GJM assistant general secretary Binoy Tamang. Photo: AP
Kolkata: The Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) on Monday said it was withdrawing a hunger strike by its youth wing, in the first sign of the GJM reining in activists fighting for the creation of a separate state of Gorkhaland.
The decision was taken following Sunday's meeting in New Delhi between union home minister Rajnath Singh and Gorkha leaders.
Singh asked Gorkha leaders to restore peace, while appealing to West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee to start a dialogue. However, the indefinite general strike, which has crossed the two-month mark, will continue, said GJM assistant general secretary Binoy Tamang.
Narin and Yildirim were both participants in the protests, according to a U.S. official familiar with the case. On the day of the violence, police detained two members of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's security detail but released them shortly afterward. TorontoStar 11:44:00 PM CEST
Islamabad
Distribution of certified maize seed packages to 3,750 farmer families in Orakzai agency of FATA has begun. Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) under its Central Emergency Response Fund (CERF) project is providing 20kg of maize seeds to each household. Untoward security situation had forced these farmers to abandon their homes and agricultural land. Now as the families continue to return to their homes, these seeds will enable the newly returned farmers to resume production of the staple crop.
The distribution of seeds will revitalize farming in the area and also become a source of improving food and nutrition security of vulnerable farmers and their families most of whom are located in remote villages of the agency. Mr Farrukh Toirov, Deputy FAO Representative in Pakistan said: “We are helping the farmers in Orakzai to resume agriculture on their land. These sustainable agriculture development initiatives will enable them to rebuild their livelihood.—INP
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir, the Chairman of Hurriyat forum, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq has said that the Bharatiya Janata Party and Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh are making hectic efforts to do away with the special status of Jammu and Kashmir by challenging Article 35A in the Indian Supreme Court.
Mirwaiz Umar Farooq in a statement issued in Srinagar said, ““As this article bars non-J&K state subjects to settle and buy property in J&K, the article is being challenged in court with the aim to alter the demography of the state by settling outsiders, with the right to acquire land and property, and vote in the Assembly elections.”
Elaborating, the Mirwaiz said “it is basically aimed at reducing the 75% Muslim majority of the state into a minority and change its basic character in order to undermine and deeply affect its disputed nature.”
He added that it was being done under a deliberate plan and is part of the much flaunted final solution to the Kashmir dispute by the Indian state led by the RSS. “It is a very serious and critical matter and regional parties are duty bound to the people of J&K not to allow it to happen and it is their responsibility to ensure that such designs are thwarted and resisted and the special status of the state protected at all cost,” he said.
“Otherwise people will hit the streets as there is no way such measures will be tolerated by them, consequences of which will again be the sole responsibility of these parties,” he said.
The Mirwaiz said for past 70 years, people of J&K have been striving and struggling and hugely sacrificing to make government of India accept the reality of the Kashmir dispute and make them fulfill their commitment to the people of Kashmir before the world community.—KMS
Re: New Money, Old Land, April 17
New Money, Old Land, April 17
When I taught Grade 5 in Georgetown, we talked a lot about where our food comes from. When it came time to do charts and graphs, I had the children go to Ontario's Ministry of Agriculture website and choose their favourite fruit from the Niagara Region. They then graphed, by tonnage and by hectares, how much of their favourite fruit was being harvested over a five-year period. To everyone's surprise, the graphs took a steep downward trajectory. Less and less of our food is being locally grown as development paves over prime farmland. The kids understood that the further the food has to travel, the more expensive it is. As part of their studies in government responsibilities, the class wrote to Niagara-on-the-Lake city council urging them to stop the development of the best agricultural land we have in Ontario. Those kids are grown up now. Maybe they should write again.
Gail Rutherford, Toronto
Staff Reporter
Karachi
HMD Global, the home of Nokia phones, has partnered with Jazz to exclusively launch the range of Nokia smartphones and Nokia 3310 in Pakistan. Under this partnership, Jazz will offer special promotions on the purchase of Nokia phones to the consumers.
Setting a new standard in design, quality and user experience throughout its smartphone range, HMD Global believes that every consumer should have access to premium quality, outstanding design and a pure android experience. Combined with a thoughtful design philosophy that focuses on improving the smartphone experience at every level, each technical component of a Nokia phone has been carefully considered and integrated to benefit consumers' daily lives. Drawing on the hallmarks of the Nokia phone heritage of quality, simplicity and reliability, Nokia phones are designed for the new generation of fans.
With a commitment to deliver pure Android on all smartphones, users can expect a simple, clean and clutter free experience. Featuring the latest Google services, as well as monthly security updates, Nokia smartphones are safe, secure and up-to-date. The new Nokia smartphones feature Google's most recent innovation, the Google Assistant, building further on a great Android experience.
Kamran Khan, Country Head, HMD Pakistan said, “This partnership will go a long way to help us in providing a seamless experience to the mobile phone users in Pakistan. We have partnered with Jazz – Pakistan's largest mobile network to build up on the excitement & the anticipation we've seen from Pakistani consumers following the announcement of Nokia phones at the Mobile World Congress in February this year. We are working closely with Jazz to bring the Nokia phones into the hands of fans and ensure we're accessible to everyone.”
“The partnership between Jazz and HMD Global will be an excellent experience for fans of the Nokia phones. As the leader in digital telecommunication in Pakistan, Jazz believes such enterprises will reap stimulating benefits for our customers,” said Aamir Ibrahim, CEO – Jazz.
The Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3 along with Nokia 3310 will be available for sale in partnership with Jazz from the end of June 2017.
