MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – A convenience store clerk was shot during an attempted robbery early Wednesday morning.
Reports say that just before 3 a.m., a suspect walked into the Citgo on Rocky Creek Rd in Macon with a gun. The store clerk, 24-year-old Bhavesh Patel, ran towards the back stockroom.
- Advertisement -
The suspect shot at the clerk through a closed door. The bullet went through the door's window and grazed Patel in the back. Patel declined treatment from paramedics, but later rode to the hospital in a personal vehicle. He is currently in stable condition.
The suspect fled the scene in a blue 2010-2014 Honda Civic that was missing both front hubcaps. He is described as 6 feet tall and 250 pounds. He was wearing a white V-neck shirt, dark jeans, a black “doo rag” covering his head, and a blue bandana covering his face.
The incident remains under investigation. Anyone with information should call the Bibb County Sheriff's Office at 478-751-7500, or Macon Regional CrimeStoppers at 1-877-68CRIME.
UPDATE: The Bibb County Sheriff's Office is now reporting a second robbery that they believe was carried out by the same suspect.
Just before 4 a.m., a man matching the suspect's description entered the Waffle House on Riverside Dr.
The suspect jumped over the counter and demanded money from the register. After getting the money, he fled in a blue Honda Civic matching the description from the earlier robbery.
No one was injured during the second incident.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting himself and his state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting himself and his state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson says he's hopeful the U.S. Supreme Court will allow the executions of two inmates to proceed, saying the victims' families have waited too long for justice.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson says he's hopeful the U.S. Supreme Court will allow the executions of two inmates to proceed, saying the victims' families have waited too long for justice.
(Arkansas Department of Correction, via AP, File). FILE - This 2013 file photo provided by the Arkansas Department of Correction shows Don William Davis, who has been scheduled for execution Monday, April 17, 2017.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
(Stephen B. Thornton/The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP). People gather at a rally opposing the state's upcoming executions, on the front steps of Arkansas' Capitol, Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark.
(Sherry Simon via AP). This photo provided by Sherry Simon shows Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen taking part of an anti-death penalty demonstration outside the Governor's Mansion Friday, April 14, 2017 in Little Rock, Ark.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
By ANDREW DeMILLO and SEAN MURPHYAssociated Press
VARNER, Ark. (AP) - The U.S. Supreme Court spared the life of an Arkansas inmate minutes before his death warrant was set to expire Monday, scuttling efforts to resume capital punishment after nearly 12 years in a state with an aggressive plan to carry out four double executions before its supply of a lethal injection drug expires.
The court's decision was the second time Don Davis had been granted a reprieve shortly before execution - he was within hours of death in 2010. It capped a chaotic day of legal wrangling in state and federal courts to clear the primary obstacles Arkansas faced to carrying out its first executions since 2005.
Davis had been served a last meal of fried chicken, rolls, beans, mashed potatoes and strawberry cake hours earlier, and witnesses were being moved toward the execution chamber when the Supreme Court ruled. The state was rushing to win approval to execute Davis before his death warrant expired at midnight.
Gov. Asa Hutchinson, who had set the schedule of multiple executions, said the state would continue to push for the other lethal injections to be carried out. Two inmates are set to be put to death on Thursday.
"While this has been an exhausting day for all involved, tomorrow we will continue to fight back on last minute appeals and efforts to block justice for the victims' families," Hutchinson said in a statement.
Davis was sentenced to death for the 1990 death of Jane Daniel in Rogers, Arkansas. The woman was killed in her home after Davis broke in and shot her with a .44-caliber revolver he found there.
"It is heartbreaking that the family of Jane Daniel has once again seen justice delayed," Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said in a statement. "Davis was convicted of his crimes in 1992."
The high court's order offered no explanation, but none of the justices voted in favor of lifting the stay. Monday marked the first day that the U.S. Supreme Court was in session with new Justice Neil Gorsuch on the bench.
The legal fighting had centered on a series of planned lethal injections that, if carried out, would mark the most inmates put to death by a state in such a short period since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976. The state scheduled the executions to take place before its supply of midazolam, a lethal injection drug, expires at the end of April. State and federal court rulings have stayed executions for two other inmates, and the state has yet to appeal those decisions.
Davis and Bruce Ward were originally set to be executed Monday night and had been granted stays by the state Supreme Court earlier that day. The state appealed the stay for Davis but decided not to challenge the stay for Ward. Attorneys had asked for the stay while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a separate case concerning inmates' access to independent mental health experts.
"The Arkansas Supreme Court recognized that executing either man, before the Court answers this question...would be profoundly arbitrary and unjust," Scott Braden, an assistant federal public defender for the inmates, said earlier Monday
The U.S. Supreme Court ruling came hours after the state had cleared two of the main obstacles to resuming executions. The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed a federal judge's ruling blocking the executions over the use of midazolam, a sedative used in flawed executions in other states. The state Supreme Court also lifted a lower court ruling preventing the state from using another lethal injection drug that a supplier said was sold to be used for medical purposes, not executions.
Davis' execution would have come two years after Arkansas enacted a measure making secret the source of its lethal injection drugs, a move officials said was necessary to find new supplies. Despite the secrecy measure, prison officials have said it will be very difficult to find a supplier willing to sell Arkansas midazolam after its current stock expires.
___
DeMillo reported from Little Rock. Associated Press writers Jill Bleed in Little Rock and Kelly P. Kissel in Varner contributed to this report.
___
Follow Sean Murphy on Twitter at www.twitter.com/apseanmurphy and Andrew DeMillo at www.twitter.com/ademillo .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
“The UK car market continues to develop and evolve. Sales are put above 10 million units for the first time in 2016 evidence of the continuing popularity of car ownership. Within the market, buyers are increasingly looking for vehicles that match their lifestyles with compact, multi-purpose and executive models currently benefiting from especially strong demand.”
– Neil Mason, Head of Retail Research
This Report discusses the following key topics:
An investigation into Michigan State University's handling of allegations against Dr. Larry Nassar is already getting ugly.
The Attorney General's office had state police seize evidence from the Big Ten campus on Friday, saying the university did not turn it over fast enough.
A spokesman for the newly appointed president of MSU then accused Attorney General Bill Schuette of playing politics with the probe.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed JAN. 28: MSU under investigation in wake of Larry Nassar scandal 1:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“What you have been an attorney general running for governor,” said John Truscott, speaking on behalf on the new president, former Michigan Gov. John Engler.
Related: ‘Army of women' fights gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar with words
Schuette announced last week that he had appointed a special counsel to investigate MSU, which has been accused of ignoring warnings about Nassar's sexual abuse of patients for almost 20 years.
In a letter to MSU, the AG's office demanded emails and texts for a raft of MSU officials, from trustees down to sports trainers, be turned over by Feb. 9.
But Schuette wanted some things immediately: the computer, phone and calendars of William Strampel, who was the dean of the College of Osteopathic Medicine while Nassar had his sports practice there.
In a statement to the media, Schuette's office said: “On Saturday, January 27, immediate production of physical items assigned to William Strampel were requested by the Special Counsel. This has not occurred. We are continuing to investigate with our partners at the Michigan State Police and will not be providing further comment.”
Truscott called the statement disingenuous saying MSU officials had been in contact with AG investigators about a timeline for surrendering the requested items and had agreed to relinquish all but Strampel's personal phone in the next couple of days.
Demonstrators gather at Michigan State University's East Lansing campus to support victims of disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar on January 26. Dale G. Young / Detroit News via AP file
Related: 'We were wrong': Michigan police apologize for doubting Nassar accuser
“Somebody's playing politics,” he said. “It lets us know what we are in for.”
Engler, he said, “won't be happy to hear about this.”
Schuette's spokesman, Andrea Bitely, said in an email to NBC News that there was no agreed-upon schedule for turning items over.
"It's unfortunate that some have chosen to politicize this investigation. This is not a crisis of our making, but we will get to the bottom of it," she said.
Engler was named interim president this week after Lou Anna Simon resigned under pressure. Some faculty members and students are unhappy about the selection of a politically connected man to run a school roiled by sex abuse allegations.
Nassar was fired from MSU in 2016 after the Indianapolis Star reported the first public allegations against him. Since then, more than 260 women have accused Nassar of molesting them under the guise of medical treatments.
Nassar, who was also the team doctor for USA Gymnastics, will be sentenced on Monday for abusing three girls. He previously was sentenced to 60 years for child porn and 40 to 175 years for abusing seven girls.
MSU investigated an abuse claim against him in 2014 but decided his procedure was not sexual. Strampel wrote in an email to Nassar that he was “happy” the doctor was returning to full practice.
Walmart may be building drone army of robot bees to pollinate crops Walmart has quietly filed a patent for robot bees that could be used to pollinate crops just like real bees — suggesting that the discount retail giant could be branching...
The most dangerous animal in the US will surprise you President Donald Trump reportedly doesn't like sharks, but maybe he should turn his attention to bees instead. Trump has tweeted several times about his dislike for sharks, a point that...
Vandals slaughter 200,000 honeybees by dousing them with gas An estimated 200,000 honeybees were reportedly killed Saturday in California when vandals, in what's being called a “senseless act,” doused them with diesel fuel. Around 100 beehives containing Italian and...
'Bee mom' delivers stillborn son An Ohio woman who famously posed with 20,000 bees in her maternity photo shoot, announced that she lost her son, Emersyn, just six days before his due date. “Our baby...
About 1M bees euthanized after truck crashes in California The death toll from a truck crash in Northern California on Thursday night was un-bee-lievable. That's because the semi-truck that slammed into an embankment along Interstate 80 was carrying about...
Bees can be 'right or left-handed' just like humans Bees, they're just like us. Scientists in Australia found that individual bees have a preference of flying to the left or the right when faced with an obstacle in their...
This wasp tore a bee in half and flew away with its torso This is the moment a wasp pounced on a fuzzy bumble bee and gnawed it clean in half, before flying away with its still moving torso. In a disturbing display...
Suspected bee-killing pesticide found in honey samples WASHINGTON — When researchers collected honey samples from around the world, they found that three-quarters of them had a common type of pesticide suspected of playing a role in the...
Woman finds monstrous swarm of bees hiding in her walls Megan Sutherland of Australia was horrified when she heard a loud buzzing and discovered a “cloud” of bees outside her house. It was eventually revealed that the bees had made...
var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push(['embed']);
Week 5 of Season 24 was the much-anticipated Disney Night, a night when the props and costume departments go crazy and there are almost as many Disney characters dancing and acting as celebs. It feels as if you just went to Disneyland and were engulfed in fairy dust — in a very good way.
Last week's theme of “Most Memorable Year” brought emotion and tears, but Monday night was in complete contrast with a joyous, uplifting mood to the dancing. Yep, I love Disney Night, and it didn't hurt to have live performances by Donny Osmond, ZZ Ward and Auli'i Cravalho, the voice of “Moana,” accompanying three dances.
The announcement of who was “safe' and who was “in jeopardy” was changed up tonight. First, Rashad Jennings and Emma Slater were told they were “safe,” followed by Heather Morris and Alan Bersten (subbing for Maks Chmerkovskiy) and Bonner Bolton and Sharna Burgess. “In jeopardy” were Erika Jayne and Gleb Savchenko, and Nick Viall and Peta Murgatroyd.
Later in the show, Simone Biles and Sasha Farber, David Ross and Lindsay Arnold, and Nancy Kerrigan and Artem Chigvintsev were declared safe, but Normani Kordei and Val Chmerkovskiy were “in jeopardy.” In the end, Erika and Gleb had a great dance Monday but were eliminated from the competition. Once again, it was too little, too late since the scores are based on the previous week's performance.
Co-host Erin Andrews pointed out that Erika had a breakthrough dance and asked what Erika could say about the evening. “It was incredible,” said Erika. “I did have a breakthrough. I had a wonderful time. Thank you all so much.”
Host Tom Bergeron asked her if she had a sense the elimination was coming because when their names were announced, Erika turned to Gleb and said, “I told you so.” Tom brought it up, but Erika responded, “Tom, I didn't say that.” (But she did.)
“No,” she went on, “it was great. It was an incredible experience.” Gleb added, “I'm so proud of her. I had a great time, and I think you did a great job. You wowed me and the judges tonight.”
My Top Three Dances
1. My favorite dance was the contemporary routine of Simone and Sasha to music of “Moana.” They combined Simone's gymnastics (and some of Sasha's) with dance moves and technique in a fantastic way. Head judge Len Goodman said, “Sasha, it was a smasher!” Judge Julianne Hough praised the choreography, and judge Carrie Ann Inaba lauded the high energy and beautiful, powerful moves of Simone. Score: two 9s and two 10s for 38 out of 40.
2. Topping the leaderboard was the paso doble of Normani and Val to the music of “Mulan,” another powerful Disney character. Julianne called it “conceptually gorgeous,” and Carrie Ann said it was “epic” and “perfection.” You could tell that Normani was really into her character and it came out in the dancing. Score: one 9 and three 10s for 39 out of 40.
3. I have always loved watching Nancy skate, but learning to dance is something new for her. Week after week, we can see that Artem is bringing Nancy out of herself, helping her let go of her shyness and allowing her to believe that she is truly pretty, graceful and able to dance. Their jazz routine was smooth and delightful. Judge Bruno Tonioli said, “Despite the dancers around you, you held your own. You are a leading lady,” and Len said it was “a joyful thing to behold.” Score: four 9s for 36 out of 40.
Noteworthy: there are several celebs who are improving steadily each week. In addition to Nancy, Bonner and Nick are really finding their dancing legs, David is doing well, too, but his age and creaky joints may do him in.
Oops Group
It was Disney Week — hard to complain about anything. There were not even any forbidden lifts for Carrie Ann to mention. I guess it was Disney magic at work. However, the adorable, talented girl and boy who were part of the opening number and appeared throughout the show were not introduced by name, unless I missed it. It's a great thing to be dancing on a national show, but not if you are not introduced.
Tom announced that next week will be the first “Boy Bands versus Girl Groups” Night — whatever that means other than it will be the four remaining men celebs and partners dancing against the four remaining women celebs and partners. The show always does something like that when it gets down to an even number of contestants. Following that, the theme of Week 7 will be “A Night At the Movies.” Have to wait and see how that goes. Oh, and Maks said that he will be back! See you next week — keep dancing!
Celebrities, partners and scores:
Normani & Val: Carrie Ann, 10; Len, 9; Julianne, 10; Bruno, 10 = 39
Simone & Sasha: 9; 9; 10; 10 = 38
Nancy & Artem: 9; 9; 9; 9 = 36
Heather & Alan (subbing for Maks): 8; 8; 9; 9 = 34
Nick & Peta: 9; 8; 9; 8 = 34
Erika & Gleb: 8; 8; 8; 8 = 32 (eliminated)
Rashad & Emma: 7; 8; 9; 8 = 32
Bonner & Sharna: 7; 8; 8; 7 = 30
David & Lindsay: 7; 7; 8; 7 = 29
Video
As spring brings warmer weather, bumblebees emerge from hibernation and can appear listless or sluggish.
If you are wondering how to help a bee get its buzz back, this short guide should help.
Video courtesy of Campsie Veterinary Centre
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Big Ben has fallen silent since August 2017 to allow for essential repair works to take place
A man has been arrested after the roof of the Palace of Westminster was climbed on to.
Police said the fence was climbed over and scaffolding climbed to the roof of the palace during the incident from about 11:30 BST.
A man was arrested on suspicion of trespassing on a designated site, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Police are not treating the incident as terror-related and no weapons were recovered.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. — A Rhode Island lawmaker who called a school shooting survivor a “dummy” for her response to a separate shooting that killed four people at a restaurant in Nashville said Tuesday he's sorry for the remark.
But Republican state Rep. Mike Chippendale said he won't apologize for “zealously defending” the Second Amendment.
Chippendale responded Monday to a comment by Emma Gonzalez, a high school senior who survived a mass shooting at her school in Parkland, Florida, that left 17 people dead in February. Gonzalez, who's become a gun control activist, cited reports that an unarmed man took away the gun from the shooter at a Waffle House in Nashville on Sunday as evidence that teachers don't need guns to protect students.
Chippendale said the ensuing manhunt might have been avoided if the man had a gun, and “the entire region wouldn't be on lockdown … dummy.” He later deleted the tweet.
Chippendale is a town chairman for Republican Allan Fung's gubernatorial campaign. A campaign spokesman called the tweet disappointing and said Chippendale was asked to apologize.
That prompted independent gubernatorial candidate Joe Trillo to accuse Fung of “throwing his people under the bus.” Trillo, a former Republican lawmaker, said it's an example of “political correctness rearing its ugly head.”
Chippendale said Fung addressed his mistake appropriately.
The Democratic Governors Association said Fung should remove Chippendale from his campaign to show he doesn't condone insulting a mass shooting survivor.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The person could be seen climbing around the base of the Statue of Liberty in New York
Tourists have been evacuated from Liberty Island in New York after a woman climbed up on to the Statue of Liberty and sat at the monument's base.
Police could be seen talking with the woman in an apparent attempt to coax her down via a ladder that had been secured to the statue's pedestal.
Eyewitnesses posted images and footage on social media showing the woman scaling the structure on Wednesday.
Earlier, several people were arrested after holding a protest at the statue.
The protesters were detained after unveiling an "Abolish Ice" banner on the statue's pedestal.
Later, National Park Service police and the New York City Police Department (NYPD) were called to the scene shortly after reports of an individual climbing the monument.
One eyewitness, Eric Kwasi Oppongto, posted a short video of the incident on Twitter which he said involved an individual with a T-shirt emblazoned with "Trump care makes me sick" and "Rise and Resist".
Another user, Sarah, said the island was being "evacuated of all tourists".
It is not yet clear exactly why the woman scaled the structure.
The earlier demonstration involving the "Abolish Ice" slogan is linked to a long-running protest against the government's Immigration and Customs Enforcement body, the agency responsible for identifying and removing undocumented immigrants throughout the US.
Demonstrations have recently taken place across the US after it emerged that Ice agents had separated thousands of young children from parents who had entered the US illegally.
Wednesday's incidents took place on the US independence holiday 4 July.
In February last year, protesters hung a giant "Refugees Welcome" banner across the Liberty statue's observation deck.
Attaching items to the national monument, a symbol of American acceptance of immigrants, is strictly prohibited, according to the state's National Park Service police.
Chris Evans Knows His Gay Brother Scott Very Well, and Vice-Versa: WATCH
JEFF SESSIONS. Attorney General won't recuse himself from Michael Cohen probe: “By staying involved in the Cohen probe, Sessions is entitled to briefings on the status of the investigation, which is being conducted by the U.S. Attorney's Office of the Southern District of New York. That could put Sessions in the position of being asked by Trump, who strongly condemned the FBI raid on his longtime lawyer, to divulge information about the Cohen investigation.”
BOOZE. New studies on drinking paint risks in starker contrast: “In particular, an impressive new meta-study involving 600,000 participants, published recently in The Lancet, suggests that levels of alcohol previously thought to be relatively harmless are linked with an earlier death. What's more, drinking small amounts of alcohol may not carry all the long-touted protective effects on the cardiovascular system.”
SAD! Kanye West reveals his love for Donald Trump.
A HIGHER LOYALTY. Fired former FBI Director James Comey sold 600,000 of his books in the first week.
CHRISTOPHER WYLIE. Cambridge Analytica whistleblower meets with Democrats: “Wylie is meeting privately with Judiciary Committee members and staff, as well as staff from the Oversight and Government Reform panel. On Wednesday, he is scheduled to meet behind closed doors with House Intelligence Committee Democrats.”
TAKEDOWN RULES. Facebook reveals 25 pages of takedown rules for hate speech.
PORTSMOUTH, UK. Man says he was drugged and raped by man he met on Grindr.
GOLFING WHILE BLACK. Police called on group of black women golfers for playing two slowly. “The women said they were very familiar with golf etiquette, since they are part of a larger professional group called Sisters in the Fairway, and they were doing nothing wrong.A white co-owner of the club, they explained, came up twice to rush them along and complain about how they were playing. But they picked the wrong women to mess with that day. One of the women, Sandra Thompson, is an attorney and the head of the York chapter of the NAACP.”
FOCUS ON THE FAMILY. Anti-LGBT hate group says it changed its IRS classification to “Church” to protect the identities of donors: ‘Paul Batura, vice president of communications for Focus on the Family, told The Christian Post that the news stories on their reclassification as a church give “sinister and fictitious motives to our application.” Batura explained that the main reason for the reclassification was to protect the identities of donors to the conservative Christian organization.
BEHIND THE SCENES. Of Ariana Grande's “No Tears Left To Cry” video.
COMET FLYBY OF THE DAY. Rosetta spacecraft flies by Comet 67P. “In August 2014, the European Space Agency's Rosetta spacecraft pulled up to Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko and studied the gritty, duck-shaped object for 2 years.”
﻿
DINNER FROM SPACE OF THE DAY. Garlic bread.
IN-CAR DELIVERY OF THE DAY. Amazon Key will let people in anywhere. Would you feel safe using this?
TRAILER OF THE DAY. Tom Hardy in Venom.
TOO HOT FOR TUESDAY. Runssm.
Retired four-star General Barry McCaffrey discusses his tweet over the weekend, where he said that President Trump is threatening U.S. national security by continuing to deny or ignore reports of Russian political inference across the globe. He speaks with Bloomberg's Peter Barnes and Nathan Hager on Bloomberg Radio's "Politics, Policy, Power and Law."
This is a Bloomberg podcast. To download, watch or listen to this report now, click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar.
A post shared by Raul Jimenez II (@raul.jimenezii) on May 30, 2018 at 12:46pm PDT
The Mets are heating up!
Some 60 firefighters rushed to Citi Field Wednesday — after flames erupted in a display case in the rotunda near the parking garage.
The case caught fire at around 3:45 p.m., officials said. But sprinklers were automatically activated and the flames were extinguished before FDNY even arrived, officials said.
The cause is under investigation. The Mets are currently on a road trip in Atlanta.
The San Jose Museum of Art didn't have to look far for a new executive director to replace the departed Susan Krane: The board tapped Susan Sayre Batton, who had been serving as interim director for two months, for the job.
Museum Board President Hildy Shandell introduced Batton as the new Oshman Executive Director at a members' reception earlier this month. “The board realized that right here we had our diamond, the exact right person to lead this organization over the next — many, many, many — years,” Shandell said.
Batton — who goes by Sayre, not Susan — has an outgoing personality that showed from the moment she took the podium after the announcement. Telling the crowd she wanted to thank everyone who had been supportive by name, she flung out a roll of receipt tape that unfurled on the museum floor.
It was a memorable first appearance and showed why hiring her was a smart move on the museum's part: She already has a good handle on the museum, its patrons and the community around it.
Batton came to the Museum of Art in October 2015 from the East Coast to be its deputy director for curatorial affairs. In that role, she was instrumental in developing collaborative relationships with other museums for exhibitions and acquisitions. She also made a strong move last year in hiring San Jose native Lauren Schell Dickens from the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C., to be the museum's curator.
“I was really drawn to the San Jose Museum of Art's focus on community engagement,” Batton said. “When you think about taking a job, the community matters. I just think we can build upon the strengths here and do bigger and better community engagement.”
A GOOD CLIP: Cheers to the 100-plus men, women and kids who volunteered to have their hair cut or their heads shaved for the “Tech Conquers Childhood Cancer” fundraiser at SAP Silicon Valley's Palo Alto offices last Wednesday. The event brought in more than $200,000 for the St. Baldrick's Foundation to support childhood cancer research.
While SAP execs Jonathan Becher and Rob Glickman handled emcee duties, 49ers offensive tackle Joe Staley was there shaving heads and signing autographs, as well as donating $5,000 to the cause. And while this was the third year that SAP has hosted the event, it was a valley-wide affair, drawing folks from VMWare, Pure Storage, the Palo Alto Fire Department and even 35 students, ranging in age from 6 to 14.
MUSIC AT MISSION: The Main Building at Mission College in Santa Clara is getting a musical sendoff on Sunday that will showcase the Mission College Symphony, which is celebrating its 10th anniversary.
Mission College is moving into its new student engagement center next year, and that probably means Sunday's free celebration will be the last big event there. The Santa Clara Vanguard, which performed at Mission College's opening in 1979, will kick things off at 1 p.m., followed by the San Jose Jazz High School All-Stars and dance performances by the Mission Dance Company and Los Lupeños Juvenil. The Mission College Symphony and Chorus will perform at 3 p.m., with a program that includes “Forever in Our Hearts,” a specially commissioned piece by Bay Area composer Nancy Bloomer Deussen.
Amazon.com Inc. has looked at the possibility of expanding its retail footprint by acquiring some locations from bankrupt Toys “R” Us Inc., according to people with knowledge of the situation.
The online giant isn't interested in maintaining the Toys “R” Us brand, but has considered using the soon-to-be-vacant spaces for its own purposes, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
Such a move would let Amazon quickly expand its brick-and-mortar presence, coming on the heels of buying Whole Foods Market Inc. and its more than 450 locations last year. The Seattle-based company also has opened its own line of bookstores and a convenience-store concept.
Representatives for Amazon and Toys “R” Us declined to comment.
Additional stores would give Amazon space to showcase its popular Echo line of devices, which run on the Alexa voice-activated platform. Amazon sees voice as the next interface for people to access technology -- supplanting computer mouses and touch screens -- and the benefits may be easier to demonstrate in a real-world setting.
A bigger network of stores also would put inventory closer to where shoppers live, potentially enabling quick delivery to e-commerce customers.
Still, the company is under little pressure to hammer out a deal and deliberations may lead nowhere. In 2015, Amazon held discussions about acquiring some RadioShack locations around the time of the electronics retailer's bankruptcy filing, people familiar with the matter said. Nothing came of the talks.
Canadian Business
Toys “R” Us, meanwhile, may live on in some form. The company, which filed for bankruptcy in September, announced plans to shut down its U.S. operations last week. But its Canadian unit is up for sale, along with its operations around the world. Its division in the U.K. is currently being wound down.
Toys “R” Us has been holding out hope that an entity will buy the Canadian unit, which was in better shape financially than the U.S. business. A buyer could potentially still operate some U.S. stores from a Canadian base. The company has begun liquidating its more than 700 U.S. locations, but is holding off at its 200 best stores for the next few weeks.
An investment group led by Isaac Larian, the founder of toymaker MGA Entertainment Inc., has submitted a bid to acquire the Canadian business. Larian has said that his group is also doing due diligence on the U.S. stores, and hopes to keep some of them open.
These are the sort of games — non-competitive and flat-out embarrassing — that get people fired.
These are the sights — rows and rows of empty gray seats — that get people fired.
These are the sounds — boos, jeers, followed by ominous silence — that trigger regime changes.
After days like this, it is incomprehensible to think that if this continues, Giants ownership will come to any conclusion other than blowing up its entire football operation. Losing is one thing — the Giants are remarkably proficient in the art of losing. Public humiliation in your building, in front of your loyal fans and paying customers, well, that is something else.
“Embarrassing isn't a word I would use,'' Ben McAdoo said, straight-faced. “We're disappointed.''
Disappointed is when the pizza you ordered arrives cold. What the Giants experienced on a dreary Sunday afternoon was, if not embarrassing, then humiliating. They played as if they wanted to be anywhere other than MetLife Stadium. They played as if they want their head coach and his entire staff fired. They played as if they want general manager Jerry Reese gone. They played as if they did not care, and they played as if they did not have the wherewithal to compete at a respectable level. They played as if they had no regard for those who decided to actually attend a game that pitted a team on the rise against a team in disarray.
In one of the worst displays in franchise history, the Giants were beaten by the Rams 51-17, and it was even sadder than that. The Giants, well-rested coming off their bye week, might as well have stayed away and taken a forfeit. It would have been less painful. In the closing minutes, the announced crowd of 76,877 had long-since cleared out, leaving Rams fans and a few diehards to jeer as Eli Manning was mercifully lifted and replaced by Geno Smith.
“It's embarrassing, especially on our home field like that,'' running back Orleans Darkwa said. “We don't want to perform like that.''
This was not as bad as it gets, but it was close. The 34-point loss was the worst for the Giants since a 38-0 thrashing in Carolina in 2013. It was the most one-sided home loss in 19 years, since a 37-3 beatdown by the Packers in 1998.
The last time the Giants allowed more points in a home game was 53 years ago in a 52-20 loss to the Browns back on Dec. 12, 1964.
“It's terrible,'' Jason Pierre-Paul said. “I don't think I've ever had 51 points put on me ever in my career.''
The Giants are 1-7 overall and 0-4 at home and, in the ultimate indignity, they allowed one of the most remarkable touchdowns you will ever see. Heck, the Rams weren't even trying to score when on third-and-33 — yes, you read that right — from the Rams' 48-yard line, Jared Goff looked to get a few yards with a screen pass. Robert Woods caught the quick pass 2 yards off the line of scrimmage and the Giants acted as if he had the plague. No one wanted to get near him. Landon Collins took a bad angle and rookie linebacker Calvin Munson overran the play, and just like that, Woods was sprinting 52 yards for a touchdown to put the Rams ahead 17-7 in the second quarter.
“It was third-and-long, third-and-forever, pretty much,'' Woods said.
“Third-and-long, you're in a defense that calls for you to protect that and he just busts it wide open? Man, that's frustrating,'' Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie said. “Devastating, really. That hurts. That's tough. That's crazy.''
Goff, the second-year quarterback, brutalized the ridiculously porous Giants defense, throwing for a career-high four touchdowns and a career-high 311 yards. And he needed only 22 passing attempts. He also had a 67-yard scoring pass to an incredibly open Sammy Watkins in the second quarter, with Collins trailing so badly that afterward he and Eli Apple engaged in a conversation that probably went something like this: “I thought you had him.''
Manning committed two of the Giants' three first-half turnovers. Getting sacked by the great Aaron Donald is one thing, but Manning continues to lose his grip on contact and the first offensive series ended with a fumble. Four plays later, Tyler Higbee became the eighth different tight end this season to score a touchdown on the Giants.
Manning threw a touchdown pass to Tavarres King to make it 7-7. By the time Manning connected with rookie tight end Evan Engram on a fourth-quarter scoring pass, all it did was cut the deficit to 48-17.
The Giants played without suspended cornerback Janoris Jenkins and injured starters Olivier Vernon, Jonathan Casillas and B.J. Goodson.
“We lost some guys,'' Collins said, “but I didn't think it was gonna be this bad, though.''
No one did.
“I don't think guys laid down,'' Rodgers-Cromartie said. “It just went bad. Like quicksand, man, you go out here, you keep trying to fight but you keep sinking.''
CTV Ottawa
There's a brief sense of unease that sets in as smoke fills the shipping container, completely clouding my vision.
In the respirator I sound like Darth Vader and it makes breathing more laborious, but it keeps the smoke out of my lungs.
As a handful reporters kneel along the sides of a shipping container at Ottawa Fire's training facility off Moodie Drive, an experienced firefighter explains how he's going to fuel the fire so it crawls up the walls and eventually the ceiling.
This is a live fire demonstration and surprisingly, it's more exhilarating than frightening.
"It is a classroom. We are aiming to warn to inform not burn to learn," said Tim Stuempel, a senior Ottawa Firefighter and my buddy for the day.
The live fire demonstration lasts about 25 minutes. It starts off slow with a firefighter igniting a pile of wood in a far corner of the shipping container. By the end the thick smoke is everywhere, participants are sweating profusely and the flames are creating beautiful waves along the steel ceiling.
"In that scenario it is a steel can. We don't have carpets and furniture to worry about. Where as in a burning home or building, we have to worry about all of those things. Here we don't," said Stuempel.
This experience is the last step in a day of firefighter training for members of the media that includes a number of experiments illustrating how fire can be created, manipulated and mitigated to protect crews, structures and members of the public. Everything today stems from Ottawa Fire's new firefighter training curriculum it hopes other fire departments across Canada and the world will pick up.
"A flashover, the total involvement of a room, used to be about 17 minutes, on average," said Peter McBride, a Division Chief for Safety and Innovation with Ottawa Fire. "That now happens on average between 4 and 4.5 minutes, sometimes less."
The influx of materials like plastic, and memory foam, coupled with the way buildings are constructed today, have changed the ways fires must be fought. The materials ignite faster than older materials, like wood, and give firefighters less time to prepare a plan of attack.
"It's highly reactive to air and very easily ignited. So as we make entry and allow air into that fire, it very quickly will change to injure or kill us," said McBride.
The new curriculum focuses on fire dynamics and teaching crews how fire behaves when in contact with these new materials. It also places a big emphasis on ways to protect firefighters from potentially deadly contaminants after exiting a fire scene.
One example of a change is that firefighters must now remove their clothes and take a bath as soon as possible. They must also thoroughly wipe down their face, hands and neck with a wet cloth and take time to sit down and relax in a specially designed cooling chair.
Take a tour of the Moodie Drive facility giving Ottawa firefighters state-of-the-art training.
Google CEO Sundar Pichai canceled a town hall event about diversity shortly before it was to begin on Thursday, after he said some employees expressed concerns for their safety.
"Googlers are writing in, concerned about their safety and worried they may be 'outed' publicly for asking a question in the Town Hall," Pichai wrote in an email. "In recognition of Googlers' concerns, we need to step back and create a better set of conditions for us to have the discussion."
News of the cancelation was first reported by Recode.
Some Google employees were said to have been named personally on social media and various websites, prompting concern about whether they could candidly ask questions at the town hall.
Pichai had cut his vacation short for the town hall, where he planned to bring together employees to discuss the tensions ignited by a memo circulated inside the company that claimed to explain why more women are not engineers.
Instead of the company-wide format, Google will now hold several smaller forums "to gather and engage with Googlers, where people can feel comfortable to speak freely," Pichai wrote.
"We'll find a better way to help our employees connect and discuss these important issues further," a Google representative said in a statement.
Sundar Pichai delivers his keynote address during the Google I/O developers conference on May 28, 2015 in San Francisco. file Robert Galbraith / Reuters file
Earlier this week, Pichai told employees in an email that it's been a "difficult" few days for many people at Google and said he's committed to finding a way "to debate issues on which we might disagree — while doing so in line with our Code of Conduct."
"I'd encourage each of you to make an effort over the coming days to reach out to those who might have different perspectives from your own," he said. "I will be doing the same."
Related: ‘Google Manifesto' Firing Highlights What You Can and Can't Say at Work
The Guardian reported this week that as many as 60 women are considering filing a class action lawsuit against Google, alleging sexism and wage disparity.
Google is currently under investigation by the U.S. Department of Labor over claims it did not fairly pay some female employees. The allegations stem from a January lawsuit in which the Department of Labor asked Google to hand over compensation data.
In an April blog post, Eileen Naughton, vice president of people operations at Google, wrote the company was "quite surprised" at the allegations and that they came "without any supporting data or methodology."
Google may also potentially face a legal challenge from James Damore, the engineer who wrote the memo, and who was fired on Monday.
Damore told NBC News he was "wrongfully terminated" for "perpetuating gender stereotypes" and said he believed his firing was "for political reasons."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Fired Google engineer James Damore defends his manifesto about diversity 2:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"The culture is very left-leaning and just intolerant of anyone that holds a differing opinion," he said in an interview over Skype.
He added: "I'm not just attacking diversity, I'm just attacking the fact that we can't honestly discuss any of these issues and that is actually hurting the problem."
While the consensus within Google is that some portions of the memo are acceptable to discuss and are protected speech, portions of it violated Google's code of conduct and crossed the line by advancing gender stereotypes in the workplace.
"To suggest a group of our colleagues have traits that make them less biologically suited to that work is offensive and not OK," Pichai wrote.
Hundreds of people marked Easter with a march through Bury St Edmunds in an event involving churches in the town and the surrounding area.
The March of Witness on Good Friday began with a service at St Edmundsbury Cathedral followed by a procession involving 500 to 600 people through the town.
March of Witness in Bury St Edmunds PICTURE: Mecha Morton
Following a cross, they arrived at Cornhill where mime artist Steve Murray perfromed scenes from the crucifixion with explanation from the Rev Robert Green, of Garland Street Baptist Church.
There was also music by the Salvation Army.
The event was organised by Churches Together Bury St Edmunds and District.
Andrew Caldecott, part of the steering team for Churches Together, said: “It was superb and we couldn't have wished for better.
March of Witness in Bury St Edmunds PICTURE: Mecha Morton
“We're talking about next year already.
“During Steve's performance, the people were totally focused and very much in tune with what he was doing. It was very powerful.”
During the service at the cathedral, the Dean the Very Rev Dr Frances Ward led a prayer and soloist Ruth Marple sang ‘At The Cross'.
The Rev Elaine Colchin, from the United Reformed Church, gave a reading and Rev Canon Malcolm Rogers, of St Mary's Church, led the final prayers.
For more pictures see Friday's Bury Free Press newspaper.
Follow @insidefutbol
Newcastle United forward Alex Gilliead, who has been linked with Rangers, has admitted that his main aim is to get back to the Premier League with whichever club it may be.
Gilliead, who is now a free agent, has left Newcastle and his status has tempted several clubs, including sides in the Championship and League One, along with Rangers.
The 22-year-old, who has over 120 senior appearances under his belt, is confident in his abilities and says he knows what it takes to play in a first-team environment.
Having played in the EFL, Gilliead is of the opinion that the Championship would be a step up in his career as it is more physical, tiring and a level higher in terms of quality.
Gilliead, who wants to eventually play in the Premier League, was quoted as saying by Chronicle Live: “I know what it is like to play in the EFL and in a first-team environment.
“I can imagine the Championship would be a step up because it's more physical and tiring with more quality.
“But it will stand me in good stead.
“If I do have to drop down a league, then the aim is still to get back to the Premier League wherever that may be.”
The Rangers target has had loan spells with Carlisle United, Luton Town and Bradford City, at League One and League Two level.
The 10-year Treasury yield finally reached 3 percent, a milestone that bond traders were eyeing for months to guide their next moves.
Then that pesky stock market got in the way.
After all the hoopla surrounding 10-year yields touching the highest in four years, they aren't much changed on the day. That's in part because of the dive in equities, driven both by losses in technology shares and by Caterpillar Inc., the biggest maker of construction and mining equipment, effectively saying its first-quarter profit will be as good as it gets in 2018.
It's the latest manifestation of the tug-of-war between stocks and bonds that's already been evident this year. In February, the specter of accelerating wage growth sent U.S. yields to four-year highs just below 3 percent, which played a role in the equities correction that followed. Last month, Treasuries finally rallied through key resistance levels amid turmoil around Facebook Inc. and other tech companies.
So even though hitting 3 percent may point to higher yields n the world's biggest bond market, it's a reminder that they may not come as fast as the last few months.
“I tend to think yields are going to keep rising in general, but with the break of 3 percent I still don't think we are going to be at, say, 3.5 percent right away,” said John Briggs, head of strategy, Americas, at NatWest Markets. A 10-year yield of about 3.2 percent at year-end is more reasonable, he said.
Rates Consensus
The consensus across Wall Street agrees: Rates are rising, but perhaps not in a hurry. JPMorgan Chase & Co. estimates the 10-year yield will end 2018 at 3.15 percent, the same as the median forecast of 56 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. Goldman Sachs Group Inc., which has been one of the more aggressive in calling for Federal Reserve rate hikes, reiterated its 3.25 percent year-end call this week.
In some ways, the Treasury market still hasn't tested the true high-water mark of the recent past. That would be 3.0516 percent, the peak from Jan. 2, 2014. The yield hasn't been higher than that since 2011.
“We haven't been at a seven-year high in a long time,” said Jim Bianco, president of Chicago-based Bianco Research. “Then people start thinking again about if we are in a multi-year bear market in bonds.”
Deluge Week
For now, bond traders are dealing with a deluge of new debt. This week alone, the Treasury is issuing a combined $96 billion of two-, five- and seven-year notes, the largest slate of fixed-rate coupon sales since 2014. In its $32 billion two-year sale, the notes drew a yield of 2.498 percent, the highest since 2008.
The market is also assessing how quickly the Fed will raise rates. policymakers' most recent forecasts are for two additional rate increases in 2018. Traders are pricing in even more than that.
“Other parts of the yield curve have broken out well before this move in 10-year yields,” Briggs said. “The Fed is more confident that it will keep raising rates and that inflation will move to target. The conversations are now that maybe the Fed doesn't do three but four hikes this year, and maybe three next year.”
Fed officials have largely been sanguine about the stock markets, looking through the pickup in volatility relative to the past couple of years.
But it doesn't necessarily look like Treasuries will take equity losses in stride, too. Add in slumping crude prices, and it's no foregone conclusion that the 10-year yield will rip through 3 percent.
A sailboat got hung up on the bridge to Manhattan's Roosevelt Island on Monday evening.
Police said the vessel managed to get its mast hung up on the side of the Roosevelt Island Bridge, which connects the island and Queens, about 8 p.m.
Two passengers aboard the boat were brought to safety, and the boat itself was towed to Pier 59. Neither person was injured.
Footage posted to the Citizen app showed the boat effectively moored to the drawbridge by its tall mast. Several rescue boats approach and can be seen tugging the vessel away.
It's not clear if the sailboat's operators had signaled in to have the bridge raised.
The New York Yankees' sudden-death playoff against the Minnesota Twins is in danger of being blacked out for 3.1 million metro-area households. Disney, whose ESPN channel will broadcast the game,...
Gay gamer tries to live IRL in HBO drama 'Here and Now' Here and Now Sunday, 9 p.m,. HBO Adopted Colombian orphan Ramon Boatwright (Daniel Zovatto) is a gamer who begins to have frightening, perhaps cosmic visions in the new family drama...
'Black Lightning' actor still getting used to rising-star status Black Lightning Tuesday, 9 p.m., The CW ‘Black Lightning” star Cress Williams says he's the right guy for the role of a middle-age crusader with a real life. “To just...
Curt Schilling doesn't think it's disqualifying he was pro-lynching, just a problem with whose hanging he applauded that's keeping him from the Baseball Hall of Fame.
The claim from the pitching great, which may read more like a Mad lib than a legitimate sports news item, comes after early ballot returns suggest he will not make the Hall in his fifth year of eligibility, with several voters citing the “character clause” to keep Schilling on the outside.
Schilling, who was fired from ESPN following a tweet likening the Muslim demographics to Nazi Germany's, has been particularly decried by voters — mostly journalists — for a pre-Election Day tweet in which he laughed and appeared to endorse lynching those same voters. The Post's Mike Vaccaro, the Boston Globe's Dan Shaughnessy and FanRag Sports' Jon Heyman, among many others, have made clear it was Schilling's assertion that lynching journalists is “so much awesome” that cost him his ballot check.
Wallace Matthews, of New York Sports Day, gave up his vote altogether because of the disgust over the thought of supporting a prodigious talent who chuckled at killing journalists.
But Schilling says that's merely a pretense, and it's his conservative beliefs — and support for President-elect Donald Trump — that is keeping him from baseball immortality.
“If I had said, ‘Lynch Trump,' I'd be getting in with about 90 percent of the vote this year,” Schilling, a 50-year-old Breitbart talk show host and professional meme-sharer, told TMZ in a video published Monday.
Few voters, however, have explicitly mentioned his support of Trump, even as Schilling went on the airwaves to defend Trump ogling a preteen.
Schilling, a three-time World Series winner and six-time All-Star with the Phillies, Diamondbacks and Red Sox, took the voters' wagging finger and pointed it right back at them.
“[Voters are] not hiding the fact they stopped voting for me because of the things I've said on social media,” Schilling said. “That's their prerogative as voters. … They're not gonna vote for me because of the character clause. There are some of the worst human beings I've ever known voting. There are scumbags.”
Schilling, who still is threatening to run against Elizabeth Warren in 2018 for a Senate seat in Massachusetts, did not seem broken up about the likely Hall rejection.
“Life's not fair,” Schilling said.
The initial administrative hearing for the appeal will look a lot like a trial. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUSVILLE, KY (WAVE 3) - The Jefferson County Public Schools board has decided to challenge the education commissioner's recommendation for a state takeover. But where do things go from here?
JCPS said they will be represented by Wyatt, Tarrant and Combs. Attorney Byron Leet confirmed he'll be the one to argue their case.
The initial administrative hearing will look a lot like a trial. Facts and data will be laid out in front of the Kentucky board of education.
RELATED STORIES
+ JCPS will appeal state's recommended takeover
+ Teachers, students stage walk-ins in support of JCPS board
Senator Morgan McGarvey (D-Louisville) said the board will want to hear from witnesses, too.
“Obviously they're going to talk to our superintendent," McGarvey said. "And they're going to want to talk to board members, community members, teachers, any of the stakeholders involved in this really get a good idea, a good feel as to what's going on in JCPS."
If JCPS doesn't like the decision made by the Kentucky Board of Education, they can appeal the ruling and take it to court. That appeal would start in circuit court, likely in Franklin County.
>> READ: Interim commissioner Lewis outlines JCPS Management Audit Findings
If either party doesn't like the decision in circuit court they can appeal the ruling to the Kentucky Supreme Court.
“I think this will be a fairly fast process but that's a fairly fast process in judicial terms so I think we're still looking at a couple months,” McGarvey said.
In the meantime, the district remains under local control.
>> More JCPS news on wave3.com
“Depending on what the ruling is it could have a huge influence on who's making the decisions for our local schools,” McGarvey said.
JCPS said they can't comment further on the process and if they'd pursue further appeals if they aren't happy with the state boards ruling.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Image copyright Norfolk Police Image caption Peter Wrighton's body was found in woodland close to East Harling on 5 August
A 23-year-old man accused of murdering a grandfather who was attacked as he walked his dogs has appeared in court.
Peter Wrighton, 83, from Banham, Norfolk, was repeatedly stabbed in the neck and head.
His body was found in woodland near the village of East Harling on 5 August.
Alexander Palmer, of Freesia Way, Cringleford, appeared before Norwich magistrates via video-link. He was remanded in custody to appear at the city's crown court on Tuesday.
Image copyright Norfolk Police Image caption The retired BT engineer's body was discovered on the edge of the heath
Mr Wrighton's body was found near the Fiveways Junction, three miles south of East Harling.
The retired BT engineer had been walking his dogs Gemma and Dylan when he was attacked.
In a tribute statement from his family and his wife of 59 years, he was described as "a lovely, gentle husband, dad and grandfather".
He had a "kind nature" and had a "love of walking his dogs and chatting with people to pass the time of day", his family said.
In Stephen King's macabre short story “The Lawnmower Man,” a sex-crazed landscaper murders and dismembers the suburban homeowner who hires him to cut his overgrown lawn.
The tale ends when detectives arrive and end up trying to gather up the victim's remains, which are scattered in a backyard birdbath and throughout the expanse of freshly mown grass.
While King's story is the stuff of fiction, a real-life version seems to be playing amid the manicured lawns and neat flower boxes of Canada's largest city, where officials are digging for human remains after the arrest of a landscape contractor last month.
Bruce McArthur, 66, was charged in Toronto with the murder of five men. Police say that they may be dealing with a serial killer, and that there may be many more victims.
McArthur dismembered his victims and hid their remains in planters, police say. He may have also buried them in the lawns he tended for his clients throughout the city and its environs.
Police have not publicly outlined any evidence, a modus operandi, or the causes of death, and the entire case remains shrouded under a court-ordered publication ban.
“He's taken some steps to cover his tracks, and we have to uncover these victims,” lead homicide detective Hank Idsinga said at a news conference in Toronto last week.
Police have identified more than 30 properties where McArthur worked in and around the city of 3 million people and are conducting an “extensive” investigation at one residence, where McArthur used a garage to store tools and flower pots, a Toronto Police spokesman told The Post. Police have already found skeletal remains of three people in the backyard planters but they have yet to identify them.
The digging began on Jan. 18, when police officers knocked on the door of 53 Mallory Crescent, a sprawling home owned by Karen Fraser and her husband, Ron Smith, on the fringes of the city's bucolic Mount Pleasant Cemetery.
Police showed the startled elderly couple a search warrant and gave them 20 minutes to vacate the property so they could begin their grisly task. Moments later, several white police vans crowded the street, and officers began to sift through the contents of the garage, stuffed with tools, planters and bags of soil. A few days later, neighbors said investigators erected a large tent in the back yard and began using a generator to thaw the frozen ground in preparation for excavation.
“It really took the two of us to form a sentence and to try and make a plan,” Fraser said in an interview with the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. “I simply couldn't think. I was so horrified. Every aspect was more horrifying, and I just — it was really hard to take.”
Fraser and Smith, who were briefly allowed back into their home last week, said they had known McArthur for a decade and had allowed him to store his landscaping equipment in their double-car garage in exchange for free yard work.
“You have to understand, he has been kind, helpful, helped with our charity work, doing floral gifts for silent auctions,” Fraser said. “He went above and beyond what our original agreement was to cut the grass. There's a beautiful Christmas arrangement . . . [that] just showed up . . . a week before Christmas made by him.”
McArthur, a jovial and portly man who was a fixture in the bars and eateries of Toronto's Gay Village district, had also played Santa Claus at a suburban mall last Christmas, according to his Facebook page, which was taken down shortly after his arrest last month.
Residents at the suburban high-rise where the friendly landscaper rented an apartment told The Toronto Star that he was a keen baker, often showing off his beautifully decorated cupcakes and other confections while he rode the elevator with neighbors.
But buried under the Santa costume and jovial demeanor, McArthur had a dark side.
Thomas Donald Bruce McArthur was born in October 1951. He attended Fenelon Falls Secondary School in the Kawartha Lakes, a mostly rural community in central Ontario whose name is loosely translated from the Anishinaabe language as a place of “bright waters and happy lands.”
Details of his early life remain hazy, but by age 35, McArthur was married, and public records show he and his wife, Janice, bought a home in Oshawa, bedroom community east of Toronto. The couple have a son and daughter, and McArthur is a grandfather.
While living in Oshawa, McArthur worked as a traveling salesman, selling socks and underwear to department stores across the country. His itinerant lifestyle is part of the reason that police have now widened the search for victims beyond Toronto.
While the McArthurs appeared the very picture of a suburban family, Bruce McArthur carried on another life, frequenting Toronto's Gay Village, a neighborhood of leather bars and nightclubs that has been a focal point of the city's LGBT community for decades.
Things began to spiral out of control by the late 1990s, when he and his wife mortgaged their home and later declared bankruptcy. By 2000, the couple sold their home, according to public records. It's not clear when the couple separated.
A year later, on Halloween night in 2001, McArthur was arrested for beating a man with a metal pipe in the Gay Village. As part of his sentence, McArthur was barred from the district for two years and ordered not to acquire amyl nitrates, or “poppers,” court documents reveal. The drug, often used as a muscle relaxant, is popular among gay men and is sometimes taken before sex.
But despite court-mandated anger-management classes, McArthur's rage continued.
The same day police forensic investigators began searching the Mallory Crescent home, McArthur was charged with the deaths of two gay men — Selim Esen and Andrew Kinsman — who had gone missing last year. Esen, 44, and Kinsman, 49, were last seen alive in the Gay Village.
Kinsman had been romantically involved with McArthur “for some time,” Toronto Police said.
In interviews with investigators, three unidentified people who said they had been in sexual relationships with McArthur described him as violent and recalled feeling uncomfortable with some of his sexual proclivities, according to police.
Another man said his training in martial arts saved him from being strangled by McArthur, whom he had known for 10 years.
He “really grabbed my neck, violently twisted it, right to his crotch and his pants were undone,” Peter Sgromo told the CBC. “That's when I really was quite disturbed.”
McArthur trolled gay Web sites using the moniker “Silverfoxx.” He had a profile on Recon, a dating site that says it caters to “gay men into leather, rubber, BDSM and kink.” In his profile, he asked to be contacted by “submissive men of all ages,” according to The Globe and Mail newspaper.
Toronto police had been following McArthur since at least last September. They had their first big break last October, when they seized an old, maroon minivan McArthur had sold to a local mechanic for $125. Police found traces of blood in the van, according to news reports.
On the night of Jan. 18, they moved to arrest him when they saw him heading to his apartment with a much younger man and feared for his safety. When they entered his apartment, police found the terrified man tied to a bed, according to press reports.
Last Monday, the macabre story of Bruce McArthur entered an even more chilling chapter after he was charged with the murder of three more men. Dean Lisowick, 47, was a homeless crack addict and prostitute who lived in a downtown shelter. Saroush Mahmudi, 50, had been reported missing in August 2015, and Majeed Kayhan, 58, had been reported missing in 2012.
And, nearly two weeks after they began digging up the back yard at Mallory Crescent, the grisly findings have panicked a city known for its quiet, leafy neighborhoods and a low crime rate. There were 65 homicides recorded in Toronto last year.
A.J. Kahn, who owns a popular bistro in the Gay Village, was frantic last week when he realized he had bought the planters that adorn his eatery from McArthur, a frequent customer.
“Trust me, I'm scared right now,” Kahn told The Toronto Star. “God knows what's inside.”
For their part, police have said their investigation has moved beyond the gay community.
“We are looking at all missing-person and cold cases, and we are reviewing tips that have been coming in from around the world,” said Meaghan Gray, a Toronto Police spokeswoman.
She refused to say if any of those tips originated in New York City. The NYPD said it had not been contacted by Toronto police over the McArthur case.
In Toronto, police now believe McArthur's alleged victims may also include women. He described himself as “sexually versatile” on the SilverDaddies dating site.
On his dating profile, McArthur wrote, “I can be a bit shy until I get to know you, but am a romantic at heart.”
His next court appearance is scheduled for Valentine's Day.
Why it matters to you Iron Banner was a highlight in the original game, and we can't wait for it to return next week.
On October 10, Bungie will introduce the Iron Banner competitive multiplayer event to Destiny 2, giving Guardians a chance to earn special rewards in exchange for the corpses of their fellow players. But the event has been modified quite a bit from the original game, and the removal of one key feature could leave longtime fans frustrated.
The Iron Banner will run until October 17 and sees players competing in the “Control” game mode, which requires two teams to capture key locations in order to earn points. In place of the bounties and ranks of the original Destiny are special “Iron Banner engrams,” which will likely be converted into high-power equipment after crossing a certain threshold.
However, during matches, the equipment and power level you have for your Guardian will have no impact on the match, just like both quick and competitive Crucible multiplayer both work now. This is a huge change from the first game's Iron Banner, where having the right loadout could give you a huge advantage over newer players. In fact, it was largely the point of Iron Banner, finally giving the most dedicated players a chance to show off their power to the world.
Competing in Iron Banner matches in Destiny 2 will earn you both daily and “season” milestones for the game, but Bungie is keeping quiet about what that means — more information will be divulged at TwitchCon on October 20.
If you're more interested in raiding than in competitive multiplayer, you're still going to want to head back to Destiny 2 on October 10. The brutally hard Leviathan raid will contain a new “prestige” difficulty option, with a recommended power level of 300. While the raid will still contain the same basic obstacles, you'll find the battles to be much more difficult and you'll be able to earn some “unique rewards” for your trouble. The first group to complete the new version of the raid will also be rewarded, but it isn't clear exactly what that means yet.
Destiny 2 is now available on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. The PC version of the game will arrive on October 24, just before the launch of Assassin's Creed Origins, Super Mario Odyssey, and Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus.
KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysian authorities have detained a woman from Myanmar in connection with the investigation into the death of Kim Jong Nam, the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, Malaysian state news agency Bernama reported on Wednesday.
The woman was detained in the low-cost terminal of the Kuala Lumpur International Airport, Bernama reported, citing a deputy inspector general of police.
No other details were immediately available.
Malaysian police were not immediately available for comment.
South Korea's spy agency suspects two female North Korean agents assassinated the estranged half-brother of the North Korean leader on Tuesday, South Korean lawmakers in Seoul said earlier.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Corey Kluber delivers in the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Cleveland. Tony Dejak AP Photo
Inside the ritziest desert oasis in America Among the discerning, cult-like devotees of Aman Resorts — the ultra-luxury, ultra-minimalist hotel group — Amangiri is one of the most sought-after properties. Both hard to get to and easy...
Chillax in Cambodia, Aman style Amansara is an oasis of tranquility in Siem Reap, home to Angkor Wat, one of Asia's most iconic historic wonders. The homey hotel is an oasis of calm amid the...
Vladislav Doronin suffers setback in luxe hotel battle A London judge threatened to have him jailed or fined, or have his assets seized, if he disobeys a new order.
Two buyers splitting up top of Crown Building Luxury condominium developer Michael Shvo has now teamed up with the luxury resort hotel company, Amanresorts, to buy the top of the gold-crowned tower that overlooks Central Park.
Doronin forced to move Aman Resort case back to UK The Russian mogul was hoping to settle the case in New York.
How a judge embarrassed Russian billionaire Doronin There's trouble in paradise. Luxury hotel chain Amanresorts — said to be a favorite of the late Princess Diana — is the subject of a vicious battle for control being...
More employers—including Christian-run businesses and nonprofits—can opt out of contraception coverage required under the Affordable Care Act thanks to new rules issued by the Trump administration.
The regulations exempt employers who object to treatments like birth control pills, emergency contraception, and sterilization due to “sincerely held religious beliefs” or “moral convictions.”
With these interim final rules, Trump follows through on his promise to secure religious liberty protections for employers forced to cover medicine they oppose on religious grounds.
“It is necessary and appropriate to provide the expanded exemptions,” the rules state, countering the Obama administration's stance. The policy came out of the Labor, Treasury, and Health and Human Services departments.
The New York Timesreported that the rules go into effect immediately once they're on display at the Federal Registrar's office.
The policy was largely shaped by former Alliance Defending Freedom (ADF) legal counsel Matthew Bowman, now a lawyer with the Department of Health and Human Services, The Times said.
It's been a lengthy legal fight to get to this point. While the Affordable Care Act always offered religious exemptions to churches and houses of worship, other religious employers had to make a case for themselves.
Hobby Lobby famously won a religious exemption for certain private companies in a 2014 Supreme Court case. March for Life sued to secure an exemption on moral, not religious, grounds the following year. (Bowman actually represented March for Life in the case.)
Meanwhile, Christian colleges, charities, and religious orders have been battling the mandate in court ever since, and last year, the Supreme Court sent their cases back for more review.
East Texas Baptist, Houston Baptist, Oklahoma Baptist, and Truett McConnell universities are among the evangelical schools that filed suit, along with the Little Sisters of the Poor, a Catholic order that came to symbolize the religious opposition to the mandate.
Under the new rules, for-profit and publicly traded companies can also claim religious exemptions.
“These interim final rules will result in some persons covered in plans of newly exempt
entities not receiving coverage or payments for contraceptive services,” the administration stated, estimating that 120,000 women would lose coverage.
Companies do not have to file paperwork to take advantage of the exemption, but must notify their employees, The Hill reported.
Women's groups are expected to challenge the revised policy.
Trump specifically called out “conscience protections” to the mandate in an executive order on religious liberty he signed this spring telling nuns from the Little Sisters from the podium, assuring them their fight would soon be over.
Concerned about the future of Obamacare, both white evangelicals and Americans overall ranked heath care as the No. 1 policy priority in last year's election. Two-thirds of voters wanted to keep the birth control coverage requirement in a March 2017 survey by PerryUndem.
ADF, Becket, and other religious liberty advocates praised the exemptions after an earlier draft of the policy that was leaked in May.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1104619","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1104619","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Venezuelan troops confirm unconditional backing for Maduro
Caracas, Apr 17 (EFE).- The Venezuelan armed forces on Monday confirmed their unconditional support for President Nicolas Maduro against what the military says is a “crucial situation” due to “acts of violence” that threaten the country's “peace and stability.”
Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino Lopez read a text in the name of the Bolivarian National Armed Forces (FANB) in the presence of Maduro and hundreds of troops gathered in western Caracas to commemorate the seventh anniversary of the formation of the militia, an armed civilian corps designed to augment the military.
“In a crucial situation for the country, the excessive ambition of those enemies threatens its peace and stability by carrying out a criminal agenda loaded with hate that includes terrorist acts, disturbances, looting, vandalism, different forms of violence against innocent people and public health facilities,” Padrino said.
The defense chief said that the violent acts perpetrated during recent opposition protests, which to date have resulted in six deaths and about 100 arrests, are geared toward creating “anxiety in the public, anarchy and chaos, with the ignoble aim of toppling the democratic government.”
In addition, he said that violent groups financed from abroad “by radical right organizations” are promoting the violent acts to justify foreign intervention, and – in turn – this plan is “backed and orchestrated by certain lawmakers in the National Assembly,” which is controlled by the political opposition.
Those legislators, Padrino said, have “flagrantly turned their backs on the Constitution” and have “once again turned toward undermining the … state and obstructing the government administration oriented toward the resolution of problems.”
Given the foregoing, the minister said, the military expresses “its peaceful vocation but unanimously reiterates its radically anti-imperialist, …. anti-oligarchic, Chavista and … nationalist stance.”
Padrino rejected all types of violent protest and said that the military will continue to “fulfill its assigned constitutional task to cooperate in the maintenance of internal order and the preservation of the public peace” at the same time as it asked that “the action of the state oriented toward the restoration of public order” not be called repression.
Democrats on Tuesday won a key state Senate race that will give them the majority in their chamber — but they still won't actually control the state Senate.
​With nearly 80 percent of precincts reporting, Democrat ​Shelley Mayer topped her GOP rival, Julie Killian, 58-percent to 42-percent, forcing, forcing Killian to concede the race around 10:15 p.m.
Meanwhile, Luis Sepulveda ​trounced​​ Patrick Delices and Pamela Stewart-Martinez ​with nearly 90 percent of the votes ​in the heavily Democratic Bronx.
The seats were vacated last fall when George Latimer became Westchester County Executive and Sen. Ruben Diaz, Sr. took a city council seat.
Though the wins by Mayer and Sepulveda give Democrats 32 of the 63 seats in the Senate, their elections are not expected to change the balance of power in the Senate, as they​ could have.
see also Republicans will control state Senate for rest of 2018 session Republicans will maintain control of the New York Senate for...
That's because one Democrat, Brooklyn Sen. Simcha Felder, said Tuesday afternoon that he would continue to vote with Republicans until the end of session in June — regardless of the outcome of the special election.
Gov. Cuomo, however, vowed to immediately increase pressure on the stray Dem to return to the fold.
“The Governor's position is clear,” said Press Secretary Dani Lever. “The Democrats must unify to take back the majority. This conversation will continue in the morning.”
Cuomo recently persuaded a rogue group of Democrats to dissolve the Independent Democratic Conference after the group helped the GOP retain its power in the Senate for several years.
Felder is now the lone Democrat voting with Republicans and keeping them in charge of the chamber.
Reader's Digest MagazineI grew up in a family that didn't show affection. I knew I was loved, but it was rarely expressed, either in words or with a hug. Then, at the age of 40, I met Judy. I quickly noticed how often she told her kids she loved them and how she hugged everyone hello and goodbye. As with any habit, I picked it up, and the more I did so, the easier it became for me. Now I never fail to hug friends or family members, and it has completely changed how I relate to them. It's an awesome feeling! Oh, I love you, Judy! Betty Plough, Traverse City, Michigan (These are little things that you can do to be a true friend.)
Five months after my husband, my two-year-old daughter, and I moved 2,000 miles from home, I gave birth to a beautiful baby girl with severely clubbed feet. This marked the beginning of a long series of doctor appointments. Taking care of two young children, one of whom required constant medical attention, meant that I was always tired and behind on my household chores. (These facts prove that friends are healthy for us.) One day, we came home from yet another doctor's visit to find the front door ajar. I cautiously proceeded into the house, only to find the floors spotless, the dishes cleaned and dried, and the dirty laundry washed and folded. Upstairs, the beds were made, and there were even flowers in a vase beside my bed. It turns out that my friend Joy was driving by my home and noticed my car was gone, so she took the opportunity to help me out. I learned an important lesson that day about compassion. And this friendship was sealed for life! Judith Heicksen, Santa, Idaho
My fiancé walked out on me three days before our wedding. Now every year on the anniversary of the day I would have been married, my best friend texts me a hilarious (and completely inappropriate) picture, reminding me I dodged a bullet. His humor makes a hard day better. Jason Woods, via Twitter
Because we are all over the country, my three closest friends (Miranda, Rachel, and Johlandi) and I keep in touch via group texting. We share daily struggles, complaints, triumphs, and, most of all, laughs. These special ladies respond nonjudgmentally to whatever I tell them, allowing me to be as vulnerable as I please. Conversely, it's a blessing to help them through their difficult times. Having such receptive friends has taught me that life is more fun and meaningful when I share myself with others. Lauren Young, Rockingham, Virginia (Try these ways to be a better friend.)
After my wife of 44 years died, I didn't feel the urge to socialize. But that didn't stop my friend Tony from inviting me to join a group of guys who got together every Thursday for dinner. I told him I wasn't ready. He called again the next week, and again I said no. He kept calling every week, and finally I said, “OK, I'll go. Anything to keep you from calling me every week.” It has now been six years since my wife died, and thanks to Tony, I have been going to dinner every week with the gang we've dubbed ROMEO— Retired Old Men Eating Out. David Fenwick, Ocean Township, New Jersey
Content continues below ad
One night after teaching a late class, I found a sticky note on the window of my car. It read “You are beautiful inside and out” and featured a little heart. I never did find out which one of my friends left it for me, but it is still on my dashboard and means more than anything to me. Jennie Berglund, Burnsville, Minnesota
After seven years of teaching, I was let go before the school year ended. I was devastated. Making matters worse, some of the other teachers stopped talking to me. But one coworker stood by me, going so far as to ask the principal to let me work with her till the end of the school year. He reluctantly agreed. Continuing to work gave me back my dignity. I'm now at another job, where I am happy and confident. Beth Klementovic, Exton, Pennsylvania
Today is my birthday, and I know my friend Linda is making me a cake. Sometimes when you're an adult, no one thinks to do that for you. Tamara Castellari, Parachute, Colorado
My best friend and I are both trying to lose weight, so we text each other every day to check in. He encourages me to work out when I don't want to or to put down the ice cream. It really helps me stay on track. Rick Nelson, via Twitter
When I was pregnant, I felt—and acted—as if I had PMS for the entire nine months. My best friend, Laura, told me she was calling me every other day to make sure someone was still speaking to me. That is true friendship. Gail Bua, Nutley, New Jersey
Whenever I visited Ruth at the rest home, I'd always greet her with, “Good morning, sweetie.” She, in turn, would say, “Heeeyyyyyy! I've been missing you.” For as long as I knew Ruth, she greeted me with “I've been missing you,” even if I'd just seen her that morning. And when I'd leave, it was always, “Come back!”
Ruth was my first friend in South Carolina. Our house was built on her property. I went over and introduced myself one day and told her that I'm out every morning and if she liked, I could bring her newspaper to her door. She said, “Well, I suppose that would be all right.” It wasn't long after that I started bringing her the afternoon mail and cookies too. And soon I started taking her to the library, doctors, and the store.
At the rest home, if Ruth's breakfast tray was ready, I'd pick it up. I knew how she liked her grits, with just a bit of butter and salt, and that she really, really liked orange juice and always got two glasses. After a bit, it would be time to go. She'd give me a kiss and tell me to “come back!”
I am ashamed to admit that at one time, both my grandmothers were in convalescent homes and I rarely visited them. I cannot change the person I was, but I can try to be a better person today. Ruth is no longer with us, but I wish to God that I could “come back” and visit with her again. Janet Alden, Inman, South Carolina
Content continues below ad
Lisa comes over, and we do each other's nails while we lie in bed watching TV like high school girls. Shannon Hagen, Minneapolis, Minnesota
When I was nine, I had a friend with the unusual name of Westa Joy. I can still picture her wild, naturally curly hair; her porcelain skin; and her sparkling hazel eyes. I, on the other hand, was overweight and shy. We used to walk laughing and holding hands down a sandy dirt road in southeastern New Mexico. She would tell me the plot of the latest Nancy Drew book she was reading. I had never read a book, and I didn't want to. Reading was much too difficult for me because I was dyslexic. But thanks to Westa's storytelling, I eventually bought all the Nancy Drew books. Thank you, my dear childhood friend, for giving me the joy of reading. Essie Bowden, North Kingstown, Rhode Island
Dawn, my friend and coworker at the public defender's office, would bring me some of her dinner from the night before and leave it in the fridge at work when I was in the middle of a long trial. This way, I wouldn't have to worry about feeding myself on late nights. Adrianne McMahon, Faribault, Minnesota
If she knows I'm having a rough day, my friend will show up and take my kids for the day. By just showing up instead of calling, Stacy knows I can't tell her not to come. Courtney Clements, Nampa, Idaho
I met Mary Lou 14 years ago, while tending the grave of my 34-year-old son Kevin just weeks after he passed. Mary Lou was visiting her son Gary. She smiled, and soon we were sharing our stories—not only about our sons but about life in general. On my next visit with Kevin, I saw a piece of paper sticking out from under a rock—an inspirational note from Mary Lou. I wrote her back and put my note under the same rock. A week later, I returned to find another note from Mary Lou. We went back and forth like this for years. Today, we still see each other, but usually over a hot fudge sundae. We talk and laugh and rarely feel the need to discuss our deep pain. That's why we are friends for life. Patricia Coler-Dark, Concord, California
Shannon, my best friend of over 26 years, and I text each other every morning with “Good morning, beautiful!” or “Hello, gorgeous!” That way, we both start the day with a smile. Katrina La Force, Petaluma, California
When I was four, my mother had her hands full with six children. Luckily, there was our neighbor Berla. Berla, 48, had no children, so I had her full attention. She taught me simple things, like how to care for my teeth, as well as big things, like a love of long walks. She also taught me to play cribbage, which came with these words of advice: “There is a perfect strategy for every hand dealt.” That concept has impacted every aspect of my life. Linda Sealock, Reno, Nevada
Content continues below ad
My best friend in college taught me spontaneity. One day Christie persuaded me to run around campus dressed in battle armor and wielding a cardboard sword, all while laughing maniacally. People stared at us, but we had too much fun to care. Caroline Samuels, Logan, Utah
I was having a horrible day dealing with job and divorce stress, and my friend Anna brought me ice cream. Just having her show up to listen to me whine was exactly what I needed. Tracy Clark, Lakeville, Minnesota
Reader's Digest MagazineIn my senior year of high school, my mother passed away. Dad, who lived in Seattle, wanted me to live with him. But my friend Joy invited me to stay with her and her father until I graduated. Joy's mother had passed away a few years earlier, so Joy understood my terrible loss and depression. Because of her generosity, I was able to complete my last year of high school with all my friends, affording me a bit of normalcy. Lorraine Morrow, Bonney Lake, Washington
Reader's Digest MagazineI came down with a horrible stomach bug when my husband was out of town. My best friend showed up with saltines, Sprite, essential oils, and—the best part—her Netflix password. Meghan Simecek, Friendswood, Texas
Amazon's winner may be the big loser and other comments From the left: Amazon Winner May Be The Biggest Loser Thursday was deadline day for formal offers to house Amazon's second headquarters, and New York, like dozens of other cities, submitted...
The Queens Museum's new exhibit: its own disgrace The Queens Museum has a new piece to put on display: its own disgrace. The museum announced late Wednesday that it reversed its decision to renege on hosting a re-enactment...
Cuomo has blacklist of foreign firms that support BDS He's boycotting the boycotters! Gov. Cuomo's administration has blackballed a dozen foreign companies for supporting the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement against Israel, The Post has learned. The Office of...
Pro-Palestine protesters booted from tense city hearing Pro-Palestinian demonstrators repeatedly disrupted a City Hall hearing on a resolution condemning calls to boycott Israeli institutions, sparking dozens of ejections amid a tense hearing that saw both sides hurl...
Western hostility is forcing Israel to make strange new friends Activists celebrate “Israel Apartheid Week” by agitating against the Jewish state. Dore Gold, director general of Israel's Foreign Ministry, marked the occasion in March by visiting the government that replaced...
How New York can help stop Europe's rampaging Israel boycotters In America, the odious boycott, divestment and sanctions movement targeting Israel remains largely confined to university humanities departments, leaving Europe as the main battleground in the economic war on Israel....
The big lies of the fascistic 'boycott Israel' crew As an alum of Columbia College (Class of 1969) whose son is also a recent graduate, and someone who got his start in progressive politics as a campus activist fighting...
Obama's stealth support for the Israel boycotters President Obama claims he doesn't support the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement, which seeks to turn Israel into an international pariah — but he's sure acting like he does. Specifically,...
Slapping down the anti-Israel boycotters The anti-Israel boycott movement just suffered serious setbacks in two key world capitals. British Prime Minister David Cameron's government last week issued a policy notice that public authorities face “severe...
MILWAUKEE — Kristaps Porzingis is saving his boasts for All-Star Saturday.
After deciding to return to the All-Star Skills challenge, Porzingis believes he's got a great shot at defending his 2017 crown in Los Angeles. Of course, Joel Embiid may have something to say about that.
“I have to protect my title, I have to be back-to-back skills champion,'' Porzingis said with a smile on his face. “That's the goal for me. It was a lot of fun [last year]. The whole thing — the rookie game and skills challenge. I had a great time.''
Unfortunately, it probably was the most fun Porzingis experienced last season. The Knicks dovetailed after mid-December and finished 31-51, 10 games shy of a playoff spot in the Eastern Conference.
Porzingis scored 24 points in the Rising Stars Challenge for the World Team at the All-Star game in New Orleans, then ousted Nikola Jokic in the big-man round of the skills challenge before topping Gordon Hayward in The Finals.
“They changed the rules so it's always going to be a big in the final,'' Porzingis said. “It's more fun with the guards against the bigs. I'm looking to get [another one] this year. I think I'm a head over everyone else. I think I'm at a different level, I think.”
This time Porzingis will also be in the main event Sunday, Feb. 18th at Staples Center. With DeMarcus Cousins out for the season, Team LeBron needs to promote a player into the starting lineup.
Porzingis?
“That's a good question,'' Porzingis said. “We'll see what happens.''
VICTORIA — British Columbia's attorney general is recommending that voters be asked two questions in a referendum this fall to determine whether they want to switch to proportional representation to elect members of the legislature.
David Eby is suggesting to cabinet that voters should first be asked if they would want to switch from the current first-past-the-post system.
They would then be given three options for proportional representation and be asked to rank them based on which they preferred.
If a majority supported making the switch, the option with the highest number of votes would be implemented.
The campaign period starts July 1, with voting by mail-in ballot running from Oct. 22 to Nov. 30.
The questions were released today by Eby after a period of public consultation that included more than 180,000 visits to a government website.
The province's minority NDP government and the Greens have supported proportional representation that determines the number of seats each party gets in the legislature based on its percentage of the popular vote.
Two previous referendums on proportional representation have failed in B.C.
Last year, Premier John Horgan said the province's current system is unfair because in the last five B.C. elections, only one political party formed a government after receiving more than 50 per cent of the votes. In the other elections, parties with less than 50 per cent of the popular vote were able to form a government.
Last year's election saw the Liberals and NDP each receive slightly more than 40 per cent of the vote. But the New Democrats eventually formed a minority government with the support of the Greens, who won three seats and took almost 17 per cent of the popular vote.
The government has said that if a new way to elect members is approved, it will introduce legislation to implement it in time for the next fixed-date election in 2021.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Yellowcraig in East Lothian returns to the list of award-winning beaches
The number of beaches meeting the criteria for a Scottish beach award has risen this year.
Prestwick in South Ayrshire and Yellowcraig in East Lothian join a list of 61 beaches from across Scotland.
Environmental charity Keep Scotland Beautiful assesses beaches on accessibility, cleanliness and signage, but not water quality.
Fife has 15 award-winning beaches - the most in the county. The Highlands is second with 12.
Yellowcraig returns to the list after not qualifying last year.
Keep Scotland Beautiful said the annual Scottish Beach Awards celebrated some of the "best-managed beaches in the country".
Gullane Bents in East Lothian and St Andrews West Sands in Fife have qualified for the award every year for the last 26 years.
And Aberdour Silver Sands, Fife, and Nairn Central in the Highlands have been recognised by the charity for 25 consecutive years.
Derek Robertson, chief executive of Keep Scotland Beautiful, said: "Now in their 26th year, the Scottish Beach Awards help to set the standard for our stunning coastlines and inland shores - making sure that they provide visitors with litter-free sand, excellent amenities and helpful information about water quality.
"Organisations from all across Scotland have been working hard to ensure that the beach continues to provide a great day out for all the family alongside benefitting people's health, wellbeing and local economies."
Although beaches are not assessed on their water quality, they must provide information about it as part of the award criteria.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – 25-year-old Derrick Chappell, Jr. will spend three years in prison for causing the injuries that killed a puppy.
Chappell pleaded guilty this week to aggravated cruelty to animals.
- Advertisement -
Back in June of 2015, a neighbor told police she saw Chappell throw a 10-week old puppy outside and then stab it multiple times.
Authorities say Chappell committed the crime after he became angry when his aunt asked him to clean up after the dog.
The incident happened at a home on Florence Avenue where Chappell lived with his aunt.
Related Article: Former mayor reveals Georgia policy giving cities control over monuments
Authorities say he threw the dog against the wall inside the home and then he threw it outside.
A veterinarian says the dog died from blunt force trauma to the face and head.
Chappell was sentenced to 5 years. He will spend two years on probation once he is released from prison.
He is not allowed to have contact with animals while he is serving his sentence.
“King of Instagram” Dan Bilzerian begged a cop for his gun during the Las Vegas massacre, and the officer told him to “get the f–k away.”
The millionaire gambler asks for a weapon while viewers hear gunshots ring out overhead.
Bilzerian, best known for posting snaps of himself with a harem of scantily clad women on Instagram, was criticized for allegedly running from the carnage without helping the injured.
As many as 59 people were killed and more than 500 injured when warped killer Stephen Paddock, 64, opened fire on a music concert from the window of his hotel room at the Mandalay Bay resort.
But new footage emerged apparently showing the muscled social media star running toward the gunfire.
He is seen ducking behind a concrete post while a hail of gunfire rains down on the crowd.
But the millionaire's heroics are short-lived.
Bilzerian, 36, had asked the cop for a weapon to try to fend off the attacker — even showing his gun license.
The officer responds: “No, get the f–k away from me right now.”
“I don't know who the f–k you are,” the cop screams, adding: “You know better than that.”
Warning: Graphic language
Original footage posted by Bilzerian on Sunday night appears to show him running from the crowd.
He later insisted he was “heading back” to the bloodbath after seeing a girl get “shot in the face right next to me.”
It's #internationalwomensday be thankful A post shared by Dan Bilzerian (@danbilzerian) on Mar 8, 2017 at 9:51am PST
Dakota Meyer, the husband of former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin's daughter Bristol, had earlier slammed Bilzerian for fleeing the scene.
Meyer, who served in Afghanistan as a Marine, wrote on Instagram: “This is why children shouldn't classify heroes by their followers or their photos.”
“@danbilzerian this is what kills me about people like you. Always playing ‘operator dress up' and so so tough when the cameras are on.”
“A woman just got shot in the head and you are running away filming that's not what operators do. Please stop trying to be someone your not.”
“People are dying, you're running away not helping them and pretending it's worthy of a video is disgusting.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is back at the White House and ignoring shouted questions about the race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump briefly waved as he walked alone into the building, which is under renovation. He did not respond to loud queries from reporters about whether he condemns white supremacists and whether he condemns the actions of neo-Nazis.
One woman was killed Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who'd gathered to oppose a rally by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Trump has said “many sides” are to blame for the violence.
The president is in Washington for one day during a working vacation mostly in Bedminster, New Jersey.
North Korea's Ryom Tae Ok, left, and Kim Ju Sik, perform during a Pairs Figure Skating training session prior to the 2018 Winter Olympics in Gangneung, South Korea, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. Felipe Dana AP Photo
Meet Gigi and Bella Hadid's plus-size model cousin Looks like Bella, Gigi and Anwar aren't the only Hadids who hit the genetic lottery. Joann van den Herik, Yolanda Hadid's 18-year-old niece, recently signed as a plus-size model with...
Kendall there for Gigi after Zayn breakup Gigi Hadid is getting support from Kendall Jenner and model brother Anwar Hadid after her breakup with pop star Zayn Malik.
The (new) first family of fame whores When model Gigi Hadid sashayed down the Victoria's Secret catwalk in November, it was more than just a runway show for her. It was a victory lap. This career triumph...
Summer is gone, but Lyme ticks still want your blood When “Real Housewife” Yolanda Foster emotionally announced on Oct. 8 that her famous model children, Anwar and Bella Hadid, have suffered from chronic Lyme disease since 2012, the world's ears...
Four Tet, the English polymath electronic musician also known as Kieran Hebden, started releasing dance music in 2010. That was the year of There Is Love in You, Hebden's fifth album under that alias, which brought the persistent pulses and body-moving tempos of the DJ booth to the earthy textures and sampled live instruments that underpinned his early work. It's a gorgeous record that includes both a bonafide club hit (the nine-minute hymn “Love Cry”) and several brain-tingling soundtracks for more private forms of euphoria (like “Angel Echoes” and the slowly building “Sing”). It was easy for critics at the time to accuse Hebden of dilettantism–he got his start in a post-rock band, after all–but There Is Love in You was a watershed moment, both in Four Tet's catalog and in the ongoing communion between dance music at large and the outside world. After countless DJ gigs and several more very good club-indebted albums in the ensuing years, it's clear that this music is not a passing fascination for Hebden, but an animating force of his career.
Throughout, he has not seemed particularly interested in what genre purists and gatekeepers have to say about his work. The surrealist drum-n-bass deconstructions of 2013's underrated Beautiful Rewind, and especially the sprawling vistas of 2015's Morning/Evening, indicated that Hebden views thumping drum machines as just one tool of many–albeit an important one–for achieving the feeling of weightless transcendence at which his music is aimed. And after years of placing capital-D Dance music at the center of his practice, Hebden's latest album New Energy finds him scaling it back, using the vocabulary of the club toward songs that are better suited to quiet contemplation.
Take “SW9 9SL,” New Energy's longest track at about eight minutes. It begins with one of those thumping kick drums, a shuffling pattern of hi-hat and snare, some far-off ambient chords. Hebden carefully layers percussion and additional melodic sounds into something you could imagine a DJ using to warm up the crowd at the beginning of the night. Then the beat drops out completely, followed by a long passage of sequenced synths and floating voices that gently tumbles forward and expands with each passing bar, like an EDM-age update on classic ‘70s headphone records by Cluster or Tangerine Dream. By the time the drums finally return, “SW9 9SL” is almost over, a gambit you might call perverse if the intervening music weren't so breathtaking. “You Are Loved,” another highlight, is similarly propulsive in a way that never quite reaches physical catharsis, taking you on a journey that happens entirely inside of your brain.
In general, New Energy is on the mellower side of Four Tet's catalog, and in that, it might be the closest thing we'll ever get to a sequel to Rounds, his beloved third album. While albums like Everything Ecstatic and Beautiful Rewind occasionally confronted the listener with thoroughly disorienting rhythms and moments of crushing distortion, New Energy could safely be played in the background while meditating. And though it is filled with lovely moments, the album also conveys the sense that Hebden is working within the previously established boundaries of his sound, which are admittedly very wide. Listening to it, I wondered whether New Energy's relative placidity was a result of Hebden's shift away from the dancefloor explorations that seemed to push him into some of his riskiest and most rewarding work over the last several years. “Planet,” the gently psychedelic collage of drums and strings that closes the album, is both New Energy's most invigorating track and one of its clubbiest.
In the months before releasing the album, Hebden kept up a fascinating and absurdly lengthy public Spotify playlist (51 hours and 51 minutes at the time of this writing), drawing surprising connections between krautrock and free jazz, techno and shoegaze, Mariah Carey and Mogwai, Weather Report and instrumental Smashing Pumpkins B-sides. Occasionally, he added a few of his own tracks to the melange, as if to claim this far-flung musical lineage as his own. Like all of Four Tet's work, New Energy can be viewed as an addition to this unlikely canon, whose practitioners share a desire to remove a listener from their surroundings and bring them someplace higher, no matter the means.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Millions watched as an investigation was launched following a shooting in Virginia at the congressional Republicans' baseball practice.
Former Dayton Assistant Police Chief Bob Chabali was one of those people watching.
“It was tragic to see that happening. Folks out there, serving Americans, but things have changed, we have to be alert and we have to understand times have changed,” said Chabali who was decades of experience in law enforcement.
At least six people including Rep. Steve Scalise were sent to the hospital following the shooting. The suspect, James T. Hodgkinson is dead. However, Chabali believes had a congressman not been at the practice, neither would special security.
“There is no doubt we would be looking at more deaths, more injuries,” he said.
Chabali tells 2 NEWS reporter Maytal Levis he isn't surprised by the shooting, instead he almost expects this kind of behavior given the current climate.
He suggests, “Always review, research and find exit points in cases like these in an open field or outdoor venue you know where to go.”
Chabali says run actively and aggressively in a zig-zag in an active shooting situation.
The suspect allegedly asked people on the field whether they were Republican or Democrat before opening fire. Chabali refuses to let the incident become a political statement.
“We are one. It doesn't matter if you're Republican, Democrat, Independent. It doesn't matter. We all have to be cognizant of the fact that times have changed,” he said.
Chabali says security will be significantly beefed up at the baseball game Thursday following the shooting.
Australian-based firm Valley Eyewear was forced to apologize on Tuesday after an advertising video it made on the site of the Jasenovac concentration camp in modern-day Croatia caused a storm of criticism. Users have also called for a boycott of the company's products.
The black and white video, which has since been removed, shows a male and a female model wearing Valley Eyewear sunglasses inside a bleak concrete room and walking around concrete structures, before cutting to a wide shot of the two walking away from Jasenovac's Flower Memorial.
The recognizable structure, designed by architect Bogdan Bogdanovic, was built in 1966 to honor the memory of the camp victims.
The Jasenovac death camp in Croatia was run by the Ustasha, the fascist regime allied with Nazi Germany during World War II. Camp historians have determined the names of 83,145 killed at the site, including more than 20,000 children. Most of the victims were Serbs, alongside Roma and Jews. Some experts believe the total number of victims to be much higher.
Stop using this symbol of the suffering Serbs,Jews and others in your campaign!
Do yo know what the #Holocaust is?
@valleyeyewear pic.twitter.com/MgbvUW1ztj — Crvena (@VSreca) July 2, 2018
According to screenshots of deleted Valley Eyewear posts, the company said the ad for their "Black" line of sunglasses was "filmed on location in Croatia at one of World War II's most historic and darkest locations. JASENOVAC."
The advertising video was made "[i]n memory of the tens of thousands of people that perished at the site."
"Why not just go to Auschwitz?," asked Twitter user Julian Nyca, who shared the screenshots.
Director of Jasenovac Memorial Ivo Pejakovic told the Serbian newspaper Vecernje Novosti that his organization only learned about the ad through media reports.
"We don't have any fences, walls or barriers, and of course you could record inside the site. There are security guards, but they cannot know who would use the photos and for which purpose," Pejakovic said.
By Tuesday evening, all the posts featuring videos and photos of Jasenovac had been pulled from the Valley Eyewear accounts.
Commenting on the controversy for DW, company's founder Michael Crawley apologized and said that "a few images have been taken completely out of context."
Crawley said he had traveled around Eastern Europe with his team in an attempt to capture the "Spomeniks;" futuristic former Yugoslavia monuments that include the Jasenovac memorial.
"I have been in contact with the head of the Jasenovac memorial and one of the heads of the Jewish community in Australia to send our apologies," he wrote, adding that the firm had pulled the ads "since some images have offended people which was NEVER what we had wanted in a million years."
This article originally appeared on DW.com. Its content was created separately to USA TODAY.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
In the wake of its fourth and final season, the Sundance Channel's Rectify is still generating surprisingly little buzz. Despite being warmly embraced by critics (its last two seasons have garnered 100 percent on Rotten Tomatoes), the show remains largely overlooked, its appeal decidedly more understated than that of its more colorful competitors (HBO's Game of Thrones or AMC's The Walking Dead both come to mind)—enough so that the quietly majestic finale snuck past most viewers on December 14 as the series wrapped.
This neglect is a shame, because Rectify is one of the finest television dramas of the last several years, worthy of standing alongside such acknowledged masterpieces as David Simon's The Wire and Matthew Weiner's Mad Men. This is a bold claim, I know, but I'm not alone in my high estimation—and for Christians, in particular, the show's careful balance of light and darkness comes as a welcome relief from the lurid tunnel vision of so much popular entertainment.
Admittedly, Rectify has a bit of a marketing problem: it's hard to categorize. On the surface, it resembles a simple whodunit. In the fictional town of Paulie, Georgia, 18-year-old Daniel Holden, high on magic mushrooms, is convicted of raping and murdering his girlfriend, Hannah, and is subsequently sentenced to death. Then after nearly two decades, a previously overlooked piece of DNA evidence surfaces that calls the verdict into question.
The show begins with Daniel's release from prison. It's been 19 years. Though we suspect he's not the hardened criminal he's been painted out to be by the town's ruthless prosecutor-senator, Roland Foulkes, the details of Daniel's involvement in the murder are far from clear.
Naturally, momentous events take place during Daniel's imprisonment: His father dies; his mother remarries; he gains a stepfather, two stepbrothers, and one stepsister-in-law. More subtly, the world undergoes the kind of gradual changes that are invisible to free citizens and seismic to former inmates.
The episode “Modern Times” masterfully chronicles Daniel's unique experience of time. We find the former prisoner marooned in the empty Holden household. Everyone is at the places free people go: schools, jobs, stores, apartment hunting. When Daniel finally manages to leave his room, he begins to explore the once-familiar house like a displaced time traveler, gingerly testing the foreign technologies he comes across, and finally retreating to the attic in search of something he understands. In this dusty space, Daniel is more like an archeologist, excavating relics of a former age. He fishes out old clothing, a Sega Genesis, a mixtape, and a Walkman. Soon, he loses himself in the music that carried him through his troubled high school years—until, that is, he hears his deceased girlfriend's voice dedicating a song to him. He freezes, a rapt expression on his face.
Though Daniel's forlorn demeanor is initially charming, however, his behavior soon betrays the fact that he's a relative latecomer to the complex network of social norms that most adults navigate effortlessly. When Tawney—the spiritually perceptive stepsister who senses Daniel's rich inward life—embraces him after he expresses interest in baptism, he holds on for just a little too long, breathing deeply. The camera lingers as Tawney's eyes widen. Sensing her discomfort, Daniel loosens his hold, and offers an embarrassed apology: “It does something to you not to be touched in any positive way for so long,” he confesses. “You begin to vacillate between being repelled by touch and seeking it out in any form, even the most negative.”
Trump still considering raising age to buy guns President Trump on Wednesday said he was still considering whether to support raising the age at which a person can legally purchase a gun to 21 — despite opposition from...
Tips for Joe Manchin on saving the center Does news that Joe Manchin of West Virginia is going to run for re-election mean there's hope yet for the Senate? I, for one, would certainly like to think so....
Trump's left turn, dumbed down by social media and other comments Conservative: Will Trump Turn Left in 2018? It's undeniable that the policy results of Donald Trump's first year as president “have been pretty conservative,” says The Weekly Standard's Stephen Hayes....
Bipartisan healthcare bill would reduce ObamaCare premiums WASHINGTON — A bipartisan healthcare bill to offer a short-term fix to Obamacare would save taxpayers money and not kick patients off the insurance rolls, according to new report Wednesday....
No, Republicans shouldn't go bipartisan to 'save' ObamaCare The latest iteration of Obamacare repeal has likely failed. Senate Republicans were unable to pass a watered-down repeal effort that offered states some meager level of federalism in the form...
Senate rejects bipartisan push to end Bush-era war authorization WASHINGTON — The Senate on Wednesday rejected a bipartisan push for a new war authorization against the Islamic State and other terrorist groups, electing to let the White House rely on...
Failed health care bill proves bipartisanship is dead Say the word “bipartisan” and hopeful hearts go aflutter. Even in the worst of times, there is magical faith in the idea that our better angels will prevail and party...
Trump: We'll have health care deal done 'quickly' and 'easily' President Donald Trump said Tuesday night he was going to make a bipartisan deal on health care “very quickly” during an event with US senators at the White House. “Nobody...
A lesson for Trump from the bipartisan Bush era After pulling off the greatest political feat in modern American history — and maybe in all of American history — Donald Trump is in an enviable position. With the exception...
OAKLAND, Calif. – You can be forgiven for thinking you've seen all this before. You have. We all have.
But conversely, if you believe the fourth straight Cleveland against Golden State NBA Finals seems somewhat new and different, you also can't be faulted. Never in the NBA, NFL, MLB, or NHL have the same two teams slugged it out in the championship round four straight years. So that's new.
As are the Cavs, in a way. Remade at the trade deadline, the Cavs have a healthy share of Finals first-timers. Oh, Cleveland stills have the hands-down, the best player on earth and all reported planets in LeBron James. But his presence can't deflect one other decidedly different wrinkle.
Never were LeBron and the Cavs cast as such decisive underdogs, not even after the Warriors won 73 games and were defending champions. James, without All-Star sidekick Kyrie Irving, has dragged the Cavs through three series to get them to join him for his eighth consecutive Finals, ninth overall. Good luck.
Injuries affect the Finals. The Cavs hope Kevin Love is cleared from the concussion protocol while the Warriors have fingers crossed about the knee injury of 2015 Finals MVP Andre Iguodala — he's already out for Game 1, and will be re-evaluated before Game 2.
Still, the Warriors carry an All-Star array of talent with Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Klay Thompson and Draymond Green, all of whom will be intent on wearing down James.
Here's a look at the matchups, with this postseason stats:
Point guard
Stephen Curry (24.8 points, 4.9 assists) vs. George Hill (9.7 points, 2.2 assists)
Golden State's Curry missed the first six postseason games with a sprained knee, and while he doesn't look 100 percent and shows occasional rust, he still has enough to remind all that he's a two-time MVP. When he's right, every time he shoots, you think it's good. Right now, not so much. Hill is a steady, non-spectacular but consistent pro. The Cavs pray he hit shots and avoids foul trouble. Behind him are venerable (a nice way of saying old) Jose Calderon and Finals newbie Jordan Clarkson.
Edge: Warriors
Shooting guard
Klay Thompson (20.5 points, .462 FG%) vs. J.R. Smith (8.5 points, .356 FG%)
He is an All-Star, but Thompson remains under-the-radar with the galaxy of stars surrounding him on the Warriors. He is one of the game's premier two-way players, a terrific defender who lights it up offensively with anyone. His size makes him another guy to stick on LeBron. Smith is a wild card. Again. He can shoot them in or shoot them out of any game. When he makes shots, life is easier for the Cavs. But you don't know what you're going to get beyond competitiveness, so his inconsistency hurts. He'll be tough through familiarity, and when focused, he's gritty athletically.
Edge: Warriors
Small forward
LeBron James (34.0 points, 9.2 rebounds, 8.8 assists) vs. Andre Iguodala (7.9 points, 4.9 rebounds, 3.1 assists).
Pencil in LeBron anywhere and get “Edge: Cavaliers.” LeBron is, well, LeBron, still the best player on the floor. If you haven't heard of him, here's another tidbit: people do more than make calls with their phones. The Warriors will throw waves on him: Iguodala (if healthy), Green, Thompson, Durant to exhaust him. If James gets 35 and Durant gets 30, the Warriors win walking away. Iguodala — out for at least Game 1 with a leg injury — is an X-factor, giving Golden State a gritty defender in their small lineup that was so successful before his injury.
Edge: Cavaliers
Power forward
Kevin Durant (29.0 points, 7.1 rebounds) vs. Kevin Love (13.9 points, 10.0 rebounds)
Everybody switches, so this guy guards that guy, then that guy over there and so on. Love's initial availability is in question for Cleveland (concussion protocol). Durant, also used all over, is arguably the NBA's second-best player after LeBron. Durant has made an effort to be a better defender, another headache in his set of spectacular skills. He's 7 feet, has great ball-handling skills, can stretch the defense or get to the rim. Somewhere, he'll match up with James. Again, if Durant-James is a push, the Cavs have no chance. Love scores, rebounds, stretches the defense but defensively is wanting.
Edge: Warriors
Center
Draymond Green (11.1 points, 11.6 rebounds) vs. Tristan Thompson (6.1 points, 6.1 rebounds)
This depends on Iguodala's availability. The Warriors could keep starting Kevon Looney. But if Iguodala plays — again, Game 2 at the earliest — Green anchors a small lineup. He leads the Warriors in postseason rebounds, steals, assists and blocks, impacting the game in so many ways, including emotionally. Green will spend a lot of time on LeBron – if not Green, then Durant, if not Durant then Iguodala, if not Iguodala then Thompson. They have great defenders everywhere. Thompson has played well since re-emerging. He's a stud offensive rebounder and provides rim protection.
Edge: Warriors
Bench
Kyle Korver leads Cleveland's sub pack. Obviously, a terrific threat from 3, he's underrated defensively, one of the better team defenders around, not great one-on-one. Jeff Green, Jordan Clarkson and Larry Nance Jr. are making initial Finals trips. When Nance and Thompson play together, the Cavs have good energy and shot-blocking. The Warriors bench is basically hold the fort for the starters.
Edge: Cavaliers
Intangibles
Start off with home court. If it goes seven games, the Warriors are home – as defending champs – while the Cavs need to win a third straight series without that home court. Yes, LeBron has been superb, but getting misty over him playing 48 minutes against Boston needs to be tempered with a reminder: Wilt Chamberlain averaged 48.5 minutes one season, playing six overtime games.
Edge: Warriors
Coach
Both have rings. As a coach, Steve Kerr has two, Tyronn Lue has one. Go with numbers.
Edge: Warriors
Prediction
Warriors in 5. The Warriors are better than the Cavs at four positions. Bottom line: the Cavs can't beat the Warriors four times.
Post predictions
Fred Kerber
Warriors in 5. The Warriors are better than the Cavs at four positions. Bottom line: The Cavs can't beat the Warriors four times.
Marc Berman
Warriors in 6. Will be tougher series than Vegas projects as LeBron stopper Andre Iguodola appears more hurt than team is letting on. The “non LeBrons'' sure get paid enough to step up in The Finals and expect gritty series by Tristan Thompson, Kevin Love, George Hill (combined 2017-18 salary $59M).
Brian Lewis
Warriors in 5. Cleveland would need a superhuman effort from LeBron, near-flawless defense and red-hot shooting to win a game. Odds are they won't get more than one.
'Look at me!' Oscar nominee Barkhad Abdi makes TV debut on 'Five-0' After a memorable start, Barkhad Abdi is taking a realistic, slowly-but-surely approach to his budding Hollywood career. Last March, the first-time performer walked the Oscars red carpet as a Best...
'Gravity' wins big at BAFTA awards The searing historical drama “12 Years a Slave” took best picture honors at Sunday's British academy awards in London, as well as the best actor honors for Chiwetel Ejiofor as the...
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The man who was arrested Friday in connection to a homicide case was released from jail.
Greg Flannagan, Public Information Officer for the Montgomery County Prosecutor, told 2 NEWS Markale Thomas was released and no charges were filed in the homicide case on Grafton Avenue.
READ MORE: Arrest made in Grafton Avenue homicide
Officers continue to investigate this case where a man was found dead inside a home on Grafton Avenue in Dayton.
READ MORE: Man found dead inside Dayton house identified
2 NEWS is following this story and we will keep you updated with the latest information as it is
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
Twitter user Dale Cheesman's grandma has been wearing the same shirt on the Fourth of July for the last 25 years.
At first glance, the top appears to be as American as apple pie— after all, it is red, white and blue, and in its own abstract way, it features stars and stripes.
While watching the World Cup, Cheeseman noticed that his grandma's shirt isn't repping the USA at all. In fact, the top that she's been rocking for the last quarter-century depicts Panama's flag, not America's!
My grandma has worn the same shirt with red, white, blue, and stars to celebrate the 4th of July for more than 25 years. Every year, she wears the exact same shirt.
Thanks to the #WorldCup we finally noticed it's the Panama Flag.
Over 25 years of treason. pic.twitter.com/j9sLoWo9QY — Dale Cheesman (@dalecheesman4) July 2, 2018
Oh grandma! No word on if she will be running out to buy a new top for the Fourth of July!
A fire broke out in a Wicomico County home early Monday afternoon. The blaze started just after 1:30 p.m. in the 200 block of East Walnut Street in Delmar when a person smoking carelessly threw away their cigarette on the back deck. It took 25 Delmar firefighters about 30 minutes to control, but not before $5,500 in damage was done. No one was hurt in the fire that is being ruled accidental at this time.
Arconic Inc.'s ouster of Chief Executive Klaus Kleinfeld means activist investor Elliott Management Corp.'s bullying tactics have paid off, as the stock surged toward its biggest gain in two months.
Billionaire investor Paul Singer's hedge fund Elliott, which is Arconic's ARNC, +3.75% the largest shareholder, has been pushing hard for months to get the aerospace and automotive-parts maker's CEO booted. Elliott blamed him for the company's spending and history of missing financial forecasts before it was split from aluminum giant Alcoa Corp. AA, +1.48% Read more about Elliott's fight to push Kleinfeld out.
On Monday, Elliott got its way. Arconic said Kleinfeld was leaving the company because he used “poor judgment” by contacting Elliott directly without board approval.
“[Kleinfeld] stepped down as [chairman] and CEO by mutual agreement after the board learned that, without consultation with or authorization by the board, he had sent a letter directly to a senior officer of Elliott Management that the Board determined showed poor judgment,” Arconic said in a statement.
The stock ran up $1.23, or 4.8%, in active morning trade Monday, enough to pace the S&P 500 index's SPX, +0.58% advancers. The gain would be the biggest one-day percentage gain since mid February, when Elliott launched its campaign to get Kleinfeld booted, and nominated five directors.
FactSet
Elliott disclosed last month that it owned 51.1 million shares of Arconic. Including options to buy an additional 7.3 million shares, Elliott said it has “exposure” of 13.2% of Arconic's common shares outstanding.
Arconic CEO Kleinfeld on Alcoa Split: 'Two Strong Companies' (9:22) Arconic Chairman and CEO Klaus Kleinfeld tells WSJ's Tanya Rivero about the decision to split 127-year-old company Alcoa. Parent company Arconic Inc. will focus on the faster-growing aerospace and automotive industries, while spin-off Alcoa Corp., will contain the company's raw aluminum operations.
The means the stock's rally could be boosting the value of Elliott's bet in Arconic by $71.8 million.
First Pacific Advisors LLC, which is Arconic's fourth-largest shareholder with about 20.5 million shares, or 4.7% of the shares outstanding, has also been pushing for a management shake up for years. The firm could be making $25.2 million on its Arconic bet on Monday.
Arconic had tried to fend off Elliott, by disclosing in a filing last week that Elliott's proposals could constitute a “change in control,” which would require the company to pay the $500 million it owes to a trust that holds deferred compensation and retirement benefits. Elliott responded by saying Arconic's change-in-control claim was false, and was “an act of desperation” to entrench itself.
Arconic insisted that Kleinfeld's ouster had nothing to do with the proxy fight or Elliott's criticisms of the company's strategy, and isn't related to the company's financial performance. But with Elliott's primary objective now realized, Arconic effectively said it hoped the firm would stop pressuring the company.
“It is Elliott Management's decision whether to continue to burden Arconic and its shareholders with hits highly disruptive and distracting proxy fight, or to support Arconic in facilitating an effective CEO search and transition,” Arconic said in a statement.
Arconic CEO Kleinfeld on Alcoa Split: 'Two Strong Companies' (9:22) Arconic Chairman and CEO Klaus Kleinfeld tells WSJ's Tanya Rivero about the decision to split 127-year-old company Alcoa. Parent company Arconic Inc. will focus on the faster-growing aerospace and automotive industries, while spin-off Alcoa Corp., will contain the company's raw aluminum operations.
Arconic said board member David Hess would be interim CEO until a permanent CEO is found, and appointed Lead Director Patricia Russo as interim chairperson. Kleinfeld has been on Alcoa Inc.'s board of directors since 2003, and became Alcoa's CEO in 2008, a role he retained after the company separated into Arconic Inc. and Alcoa Corp.
Arconic's stock has run up 50% since the company separated from Alcoa Inc., while Alcoa Corp.'s shares have soared 59% and the S&P 500 has rallied 9.5%.
Equal rights advocate Harish Iyer poses for a picture while hosting India's first LGBTQ-themed radio show “Gaydio” in this handout picture. Courtesy of ISHQ 104.8FM
“You hear heart-warming love stories during your activism, but you are busy being the savior. But on this show, I look at the softer side.”
India's penal code bans “sex against the order of nature,” which is widely interpreted as homosexual sex, and transgender people face widespread discrimination even though the Supreme Court has enshrined a person's right to identify as transgender.
The weekly show on commercial radio channel Ishq, which means love in Urdu, was launched in mid-July and is aired every Sunday in the cities of Mumbai, New Delhi and Kolkata.
“ As an activist, it is in my DNA to stand up for a cause.”
Iyer's guests on the two-hour Sunday show included a Sikh-Muslim male couple who spoke about how they met, their coming-out experience and still going strong after 12 years.
In another episode, a mother spoke with her son's ex-boyfriend and in the latest airing, a heterosexual man and his transgender wife shared their story.
Iyer, who hit headlines in 2015 when his mother posted a “groom wanted” matrimonial advertisement in a leading English-language newspaper, said people on his show have shared their stories openly.
“The unique religion, caste, gender and familial bonds in these stories are part of the narrative,” Iyer said.
Related:
Secret Online Groups Provide Safe Space for India's LGBTQ Community
There is no official data on the LGBTQ population in India, but the government estimates there are 2.5 million gay people, reflecting those who have declared their sexuality to the health ministry.
Campaigners say real numbers are far higher as many individuals conceal their identity fearing discrimination in a country where most marriages still take place within the boundaries of caste and religion.
Shivangini Jajoria, national operations head at Ishq, said the radio station wants to break down boundaries and feature all kind of relationships.
“When the Muslim and Sikh couple shared their coming out story, it made it easier for others to come out,” said Jajoria. “People are also understanding the LGBTQ community better through these stories.”
Follow
NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Democrats and some Republicans slammed Friday's memo release, but conservatives praised the move.
“The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests — no party's, no president's, only Putin's,” Sen. John McCain ­(R-Ariz.) tweeted.
And Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer called the memo “partisan and misleading.”
“To use it as pretext for firing Deputy AG [Rod] Rosenstein, Special Counsel [Robert] Mueller or other DOJ leadership would be viewed as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation,” he tweeted.
But House Speaker Paul Ryan defended the release, saying it laid out a “specific, legitimate” concern about abuse of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
“Unlike most judicial proceedings, the FISA system depends not on an adversarial process, but instead on the government providing a complete presentation of the facts and circumstances underlying its warrant applications,” he said. “It is clear from this memo that didn't happen in this case.”
Attorney General Jeff Sessions vowed to look into the issue, adding, “I am determined that we will fully and fairly ascertain the truth.”
Rep. Lee Zeldin (R-LI) blasted the alleged FISA abuse, tweeting, “Almost all in DOJ/FBI are amazing, but the process & misconduct at highest levels here must be addressed w transparency & accountability.”
U.S. stock futures on Thursday pointed to a drop at the open, after the Federal Reserve took a more hawkish tone than expected, as it sounded determined about normalizing monetary policy.
S&P 500 futures ESU7, -0.61% fell by 15.80 points, or 0.7%, to 2,419.50, while Dow Jones Industrial Average futures YMU7, -0.38% gave up 89 points, or 0.4%, to 21,238.00.
Futures for the tech-heavy Nasdaq-100 NQU7, -1.12% were under particular pressure, dropping by 64.75 points, or 1.1%, to 5,668.00. Technology stocks have seen heavy selling since last Friday, in the wake of big gains that have led to worries they've become too pricey.
On Wednesday afternoon, Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen and her colleagues raised a key U.S. interest rate and laid out a plan to shrink the central bank's massive $4.5 trillion balance sheet starting this year. The pair of moves reflect the Fed's view that a U.S. economic expansion now entering its ninth year no longer needs as much propping up.
Read: Inflation is right around the corner, Yellen insists
The rate hike was fully expected, but “what wasn't expected was the slightly more hawkish tone to the Fed statement,” said Kathleen Brooks, research director at City Index, in a note on Thursday.
“The Fed didn't mention anything about the delay to Washington's expected fiscal stimulus, which suggests that the Fed seems happy to push ahead with monetary policy normalization regardless of what the Trump administration is doing.”
See: Yellen says she's ‘sympathetic' to Trump's deregulation plan
On Wednesday in the wake of the Fed's moves, the S&P 500 SPX, -0.10% and Nasdaq Composite both ended modestly lower, while the Dow DJIA, +0.22% finished with gains, scoring a fresh record close.
Other markets: Oil futures CLN7, -0.38% remained under pressure following sharp declines in the prior session, weighed down by data showing that the market remains awash in surplus oil. European stocks SXXP, -0.64% lost ground, while Asian markets closed with losses. A key dollar index DXY, +0.38% traded higher, as gold futures GCQ7, -1.25% slumped.
Individual movers: Shares in Kroger Co. KR, -0.13% are likely to see active trading, as the supermarket operator is among the companies due to post earnings before the open. See the Kroger earnings preview.
Economic news: Four notable economic releases are slated to hit at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. These cover weekly jobless claims, May import prices, New York's June manufacturing activity and the Philadelphia area's June business conditions. Economists polled by MarketWatch anticipate a headline number of 244,000 for the jobless claims report.
Check out: MarketWatch's Economic Calendar
A May reading on industrial production is due at 9:15 a.m. Eastern, with 0.1% growth expected, followed at 10 a.m. by a June figure for a home builders' index.
As the FBI moved at glacial pace to probe allegations that sicko Larry Nassar molested three teen gymnasts, at least 27 more women and girls say they were molested by the perverted ex- USA Gymnastics doctor, according to a report on Saturday.
Even though the bureau had videos showing Nassar's un-gloved hands working near the genitals of girls lying facedown on his examination tables, the agency acted with little urgency, the New York Times reported.
“It's not a fun place to dig,” Nassar said in the footage, which shows the disgusting doc kneading his hands between a girl's legs under a towel.
“Do the hand-shaky thing,” he says, shaking his hand “vigorously” between the girl's legs, the outlet report.
The Times counted 27 victims who say Nassar attacked them beginning in July 2015, when the FBI opened its investigation, through September 2016, when the Indianapolis Star published its blockbuster investigation of the accusations. Nassar has more than 265 accusers in total.
Emma Ann Miller told the Times she had about a dozen sessions with Nassar at his Michigan State University office over those 14 months, and said Nassar “would always find a way to touch [her] down there” during the procedures.
The FBI took a year to interview two of the three gymnasts at the center of the FBI probe; two of the three were Olympic gold medalists.
see also The system that helps doctors like Larry Nassar stay hidden After a bacterial skin infection and then pneumonia sent Veronica...
“I never got a phone call from the police or the FBI [during those 14 months],” Gina Nichols, the mother of victim Maggie Nichols, told the newspaper. “Not one person.”
U.S.A. Gymnastics officials also had a hand in delaying the investigation, the report states.
Gina Nichols claimed the organization encouraged her to “keep quiet about the matter” after a coach overheard Maggie Nichols and elite Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman talking about Nassar's twisted behavior and informed Maggie's mother.
USA Gymnastics reps claim the FBI led them to believe they were not allowed to discuss the investigation, preventing them from warning Nassar's other patients.
The FBI refused to answer the Times' questions about the speed and nature of the investigation.
ST GABRIEL'S in Limerick welcomed soccer legend and former Manchester United captain Roy Keane to the Dooradoyle school on Friday.
Following a visit to Newcastle West, the Republic of Ireland assistant manager travelled to the city to be welcomed by a large number of very excited children and their family members.
Children attending St Gabriel's outpatient therapy centre and special school presented Roy with a birthday cake and sang their very own version of Ed Sheeran's Galway Girl, titled "Our Roy Keane”. The celebrations were watched by proud parents and staff.
“It was lovely, nice to visit. Obviously I've been doing one or two visits in Limerick and we popped in and it was fantastic and it seems like a brilliant organisation and its always nice to lend a bit of support.
“It's nice to support the people involved because it looks like they do fantastic work," said Roy.
“I was really looking forward to today until I saw pictures of Patrick Vieira on the wall,” laughed the former Manchester United captain.
The down-to-earth ex-player continued to joke about his well-publicised rivalry with former Arsenal star Vieira but turned his praise to the fantastic work carried out by the staff at St Gabriel's school and centre.
“I hope everyone enjoyed the visit more than Patrick's because we are still in competition,” joked Roy, “but I'm sure he enjoyed his visit as much as I did. It was lovely to be able to give our support and I got a great welcome,” he added.
Speaking after the event, Roy Keane turned his interest towards the Republic of Ireland's upcoming fixtures against Georgia and Serbia in September.
“There is a buzz with the games coming up, but we have to keep that buzz going and the way you keep it going is by winning football matches.
“The manager is going to name the provisional squad over the next few days and narrow it down after a couple of weeks but we are all looking forward to the big games and let's just hope a lot of the Irish lads get games over the next few weeks and again no injuries,” added Roy.
During Keane's visit he was shown St Gabriel's newly refurbished hydrotherapy pool after it was recently reopened following work completed to address “structural problems” in the vital facility.
After months of planning and many years of fundraising the school was also delighted to announce that building work on a new five-bedroom children's respite centre is soon to commence.
The respite centre will be situated in an attractive setting on the grounds of Mungret Colllege, very near to where the new playground is located.
The project is being supported by the JP McManus Charitable Foundation in conjunction with community fundraising activities.
Later in the day, Roy Keane travelled east to attend the Cappamore Celtic annual awards night which ran from 7.30pm to 9pm in Hayes' function room.
The sold out event, raised much-needed funds for development of the community field in Cappamore.
- For more, see the Limerick Leader broadsheet editions, out on Thursday
Olympia, London's “Just V Show” is an event celebrating the organic and vegan lifestyle. Held July 6-8, 2018, Vita-Electric Skin & Hair will be showing their line.
London, England (PRUnderground) July 3rd, 2018
There's no denying that interest in organic, vegan, cruelty-free, and natural products are on the rise as more and more people choose to live more ethically. Green beauty brand Vita-Electric Skin & Hair endorse this lifestyle completely basing their growing line of beauty products around these principles. In exciting news, the company recently announced they will be setting up on July 6th to July 8th in Olympia, London for the “Just V Show”, a summer celebration of remarkable vegetarian and vegan food, drink and lifestyle products of all kinds. Vita-Electric Skin & Hair are happy to offer free ticket registration for the show online. The enthusiasm surrounding the event is high.
“We believe the body needs living things, not synthetic chemicals,” commented a spokesperson from the brand. “We are dedicated to satisfying the marketplace with cruelty-free products made from 100% organic ingredients sourced from the earth with uncompromised qualities.”
The organic, vegan, and cruelty-free Vita-Electric Skin & Hair line includes popular highlights like “Body Smooth” All-In-One Butter Cream, “Daily Defense” All-In-One Glow Serum, and “Body Velvet” Double-Strength Butter Cream, that defends against pollutants.
Vita-Electric Skin & Hair will be set up at booth V23 at the sure-to-be-exciting show.
The company is proud to be in corporate partnership and association with the TREEAID charity. TREE AID works with local communities to help them protect and grow trees, for themselves and for future generations. £1.00 of every sale of their Baobab Buttercream is donated to TREEAID.
Reviews for the brand have been passionate across the board.
Nierodha, recently said in a five-star review, “The only product I use on my skin and body is Vita-Electric. Since the age of 14, I have been insecure about my skin due to acne scarring and dark pigmentation. This product (after all these years of searching for what's best) has cleared my scarring and literally makes my skin glow.”
For more information be sure to visit https://vita-electricskinhair.com.
About Vita-Electric Skin & Hair
Founded in London in 2016, Vita-Electric Foods® LTD sister company of; Vita-Electric® Skin & Hair has a lot to offer in organic skincare buttercreams & macerated serum oils packed with antioxidants and other ultra-moisturizing ingredients that can benefit the skin & hair. We are a renowned organic health company focused on serving humanity with high-end products made from nature.
As a growing business dedicated to quality health and wellness, our customers are always at the forefront of everything we do. Our mission is to offer an outstanding experience to every customer who stops by at the Vita-Electric® Shop. We believe by providing nothing but top-notch quality vegan, organic, and synthetic chemical-free products to our customers, we are practically contributing positively to the global health and wellness of the people.
Luther Hodges Jr., a former top executive of Charlotte-based North Carolina National Bank, is suing the IRS for more than $200,000 in refunds after claiming he was fleeced by an international Ponzi scheme. Photo courtesy of Luther Hodges Jr.
Maxine Peake and Lesley Sharp star in the three-part series following the story of three victims groomed and abused by a sex ring
Three Girls – a harrowing new drama from the BBC – brings to the screen the real-life child sex abuse ring in Rochdale and the subsequent investigation which led to the conviction of nine men in 2012.
Advertisement
The three-part series is built around a trio of girls – Holly, Amber and Ruby – who were befriended, groomed and abused by a gang of mostly Pakistani men in Rochdale in Greater Manchester.
But what really happened? And how accurate is the three-part series?
Were Holly, Amber, Ruby and Sara real?
Holly, Amber and Ruby are three real-life victims, with changed names, chosen by writer Nicole Taylor to be the focus of the drama. In total, 47 young girls were interviewed as potential victims of the gang, which operated in the Heywood area of Rochdale. None can be named unless they waive the right to anonymity granted to all sexual abuse victims.
Sara Rowbotham was indeed employed as Rochdale's crisis intervention team coordinator between 2003 and 2014. She played an instrumental role in gathering information on the abuse ring, thanks to her relationship with many of the victims. She writes in the Guardian: “I had a perfect view of how this criminal activity was beginning to emerge from the shadows.”
How accurate is the drama?
Three Girls has been made with the full cooperation of the victims and their families and lists Rowbotham (played by Maxine Peake in the drama) as a consultant in its credits.
Writer Nicole Taylor also spoke to Andrew Norfolk, the Times journalist who broke the first story on the scandal, and the court case's chief prosecutor Nazir Afzal.
When did the attacks carry out by the Rochdale sex ring take place?
The case wasn't brought to trial until 2012 but the offences that were investigated took place between 2008 and 2009.
Why was there such a gap between the offences and the trial?
A large part of the media storm that erupted in 2011, when the case hit the press, was down to the lapse in time between the crimes and the decision by the police to press charges.
Back in 2008, a victim known as Girl A (whose story is similar to Holly's) made allegations of abuse after she was arrested for criminal damage. Her alleged abusers were arrested and questioned but the CPS decided not to prosecute in July 2009, ostensibly because they did not believe Girl A would be a credible witness. She later became a pivotal witness in the 2012 trial that led to the nine convictions.
It was journalist Andrew Norfolk, working as a reporter for The Times, who – after noticing a wider pattern of sexual offending in the Rotherham area – published a story in the newspaper in 2011 which put the offences in the public eye. His extensive reporting led to an independent enquiry, overseen by Professor Alexis Jay, which found that 1,400 children were sexually exploited in Rotherham over a 16-year period.
Rochdale's police force and social workers were subsequently accused of failing to act despite compelling evidence of a multitude of sexual crimes committed against children. It has been suggested that they chose not to investigate for fear they would be accused of racism, given that the majority of the perpetrators were of Pakistani origin.
Norfolk told Radio Times he had initially shied away from writing about the Pakistani grooming gangs because “I didn't know how to tell it without saliva dribbling down [BNP leader] Nick Griffin's chin.”
What happened to the abusers?
Of the abusers shown in the drama, the most prominent was Daddy (played by Simon Nagra). Real-name Shabir Ahmed, the gang's ringleader went by the nickname “Daddy” in real life and was sentenced to 19 years in prison in 2012. The then-59-year-old received an extra 22-year custodial term in the same year, this time for repeatedly raping a girl, but the judge ordered the two sentences to be served concurrently.
Ahmed was one of nine men, most of Pakistani origin, convicted at Liverpool Crown Court, for sexual offences committed against young girls from Rochdale. The other offenders were: Abdul Aziz, Abdul Rauf, Mohammed Sajid, Adil Khan, Abdul Qayyum, Mohammed Amin, Hamid Safi and Kabeer Hassan. A further offender, Mohammed Shazad, absconded while on bail after his first arrest.
What was the fallout to the scandal?
Greater Manchester police issued an apology to victims of the Rochdale child sex abuse scandal in 2015. Following an internal review, looking at the conduct of 13 officers between 2008 and 2010, assistant chief constable Dawn Copley said “mistakes were made and victims let down” but the force chose not to discipline a single officer.
Detective Margaret Oliver (played in the drama by Lesley Sharp) told Radio 4's Today that the review “doesn't go nearly far enough”.
Oliver – who resigned from the police force in October 2012 – is still in touch with many of the victims and recently told the Guardian: “I'm speaking to kids who are telling me that even to this day they are seeing offenders that they've named, walking around Rochdale. Somebody saw one in London, another person told me that one has moved around the corner from her.
Advertisement
“That's why I'm saying things haven't changed, because those men have been named by those girls [to the police…] and I know that they're still out there walking around.”
SPARKS, Nev. — Officials say one person has been hospitalized after a chemical spill forced the evacuation of part of Tesla's giant battery factory in Nevada.
Storey County emergency operations director Joe Curtis said Monday an unidentified cleaning agent in a 55-gallon barrel overturned in an isolated area near a vehicle.
Curtis said more than a half-dozen workers became ill and one was sent to a hospital as a precaution.
He says only a portion of the factory had to be evacuated and crews were working to clean up the spill.
County officials say there was never a threat to public health at the industrial park along Interstate 80 east of Reno.
.
Ousted FBI Director James Comey said Thursday that he suspected former Attorney General Loretta Lynch was in cahoots with the Hillary Clinton campaign last summer.
Lynch, he said, told him not to refer to the probe into Clinton's private email server as an “investigation.”
“She said just call it a matter. … That concerned me because that language tracked how the campaign was talking about the FBI's work,” he said.
Former President Bill Clinton's surprise meeting with Lynch at an Arizona airport also prompted him to go public with results of the FBI probe into the email server.
“That was the thing that capped it for me, that I had to do something separately to protect the credibility of the investigation, which meant both the FBI and the Justice Department,” Comey said.
Comey announced last July that criminal charges were not warranted, angering Republicans.
From Fully Injected Motorsports:
JONESTOWN, Pa. (April 17, 2017) – For the first time in 2017, and for the second time in his career, Brock Zearfoss is a main event winner at Port Royal Speedway, this time dominating feature action on Saturday evening, April 15. Despite being delayed four times during the 25-lap main event, two for red flag conditions and two for cautions, Zearfoss remained unchallenged, at one point extending his advantage to nearly five seconds. The victory raised Zearfoss' top-ten total to three on the season at Port Royal Speedway, as well as raised his career win total to three in Central Pennsylvania.
“Man, this feels awesome. The start of the season has been great for us at Port Royal. Take away the motor problems we had last weekend and I think we would be right there near the top of the point chase,” Zearfoss explained. “I can't say enough about my team and what they do for me. This is the first of many this year, I hope.”
The “Jonestown Jet” Brock Zearfoss will return to competition at the Port Royal Speedway “Speed Palace” on Saturday night, April 22, but not before making a routine visit to the Williams Grove Speedway near Mechanicsburg on Friday, April 21. Zearfoss will enter the upcoming weekend currently sixth in the 2017 Central PA Sprint Cars presented by Hoseheads point standings, working to become just the third repeat feature winner in Central Pennsylvania in 2017.
“I'm confident that we can be a frontrunner all season long in Central Pennsylvania. My team has the motivation and the confidence to race with anyone right now. That is really exciting,” Zearfoss said. “With the Arctic Cat All Stars coming to town in two weeks, and with the World of Outlaws coming to town next month, this is a great time to be confident. I'm ready to show our fans what we are capable of doing.”
Fans can keep up with Brock Zearfoss during his entire campaign right here at www.fullyinjected.com, or at www.brockzearfoss.com. Be sure and “follow” the “Jonestown Jet” on all of the available social media networks including Twitter: https://twitter.com/brock_zearfoss and Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/brockzearfossracing.
2017 Brock Zearfoss Racing merchandise is now available and can be found at all scheduled events.
2016 Highlights: Earned second career 410 sprint car victory on Saturday night, August 20, at Port Royal Speedway in Port Royal, PA. Finished second in final Port Royal Speedway 410 sprint car track championship in 2016.
2017 Highlights: Started year with back-to-back top-ten finishes at Williams Grove Speedway and Port Royal Speedway on March 24-25. Finished fourth at Susquehanna Speedway on Sunday, April 9. Earned first victory of 2017 at Port Royal on April 15.
2016 Wins: 2 (Williams Grove Speedway & Port Royal Speedway)
2017 Wins: 1 (Port Royal Speedway)
Brock Zearfoss would like to thank all of his marketing partners including: Moose's LZ Bar & Grill, Meckley's Limestone, Central Builders Supply Co., Berkebile Oil Company, BAPS Auto Paint & Supply, Invisible Glass, Walker Performance Filtration, Schaeffer Racing Oil, Smith Precision Products, GME Steering, Simpson Race Products, CR Graphics, G Force Gears, Precision Powder Coat, Susquehanna Valley Speed Shop, RRI Graphics, AL Driveline.
About Fully Injected Motorsports: Headquartered in Western Pennsylvania, Fully Injected Motorsports provides professional grade press releases to multiple short track teams from all areas of the country.
Follow @insidefutbol
Celtic winger James Forrest insists that the progress Kieran Tierney has made is incredible and with time the youngster is going to get even better.
The 20-year-old full-back has been a revelation for the Hoops, with the 2016/17 season being one of the most productive ones for him, where he played an overall 40 games, providing his team-mates with 12 assists and also scoring two goals for the Scottish champions.
The academy recruit was rewarded for his performances as he was handed the captain's armband for last Tuesday's Scottish League Cup win against Kilmarnock, where he scored with an impressive strike from almost 40 yards out.
Forrest, who himself made his way through the academy, insists that he can see a lot of potential in his young team-mate and as he gets better and better every season he is going to contribute to the growth of the Celtic team.
"His progress has been incredible and he's still only 20", Forrest was quoted as saying by STV.
"It all comes naturally to him.
"He doesn't play as a 20-year-old.
"He has a lot of games under his belt with Celtic now.
"He's come on and keeps getting better and better, which is good for everyone in the team."
Oppenheimer's Stoltzfus Says Mueller Investigation Won't Carry Market Impact
Bloomberg Intelligence's Gina Martin Adams, John Stoltzfus, chief market strategist at Oppenheimer, and George Goncalves, head of Americas fixed income strategy at Nomura, discuss how events in Washington will impact the markets. They speak with Bloomberg's Jonathan Ferro on "Bloomberg Markets: The Open." (Source: Bloomberg)
Sherlock returned to TV screens last night after a year since its last episode and TWO years since the last full series – and it's safe to say that fans were pretty excited to see it return.
To start with the case saw Sherlock (Benedict Cumberbatch) hunting for someone who destroyed busts of Margaret Thatcher (as you do) – and some people were a bit confused by the political elements.
Why do ppl in #Sherlock keep expressing shock that someone might smash a Thatcher bust? — Helen O'Hara (@HelenLOHara) January 1, 2017
And as the episode went on, they loved Benedict Cumberbatch's surprising new co-star and their performance. They had a really light touch.
But then things got darker. First, Martin Freeman's John Watson was revealed to be less than the great guy we all took him for, possibly carrying on an affair behind his wife Mary's (Amanda Abbington) back…
everything about #sherlock is stressing me out but John texting the bus lady is THE WORST pic.twitter.com/HXW8Qvaiju — Erin (@evil_beabull) January 2, 2017
And then there was THAT twist. Oh boy.
RIP Mary Morstan. You were fun. We had a blast, didn't we? #sherlock pic.twitter.com/1H8idZzHvr — amanda abbington (@CHIMPSINSOCKS) January 1, 2017
Suffice to say, some fans were left reeling.
Raise your hand if you feel personally victimized by Mark Gatiss. #sherlock — Brandy Snavely (@bajabrandy) January 2, 2017
But despite the outpouring of emotion, once the dust settled there were some criticisms about how the story panned out.
Globetrotting Superspy Assassin Drama Death Sherlock isn't as much fun as Actually The Murderer Did A Unique Pork Fart Sherlock — joe (@mutablejoe) January 2, 2017
In fact, a LOT of criticisms.
Not a fan of the new #Sherlock ep. An over-encumbered mess of a narrative. Hope the rest of season 4 will rectify. — TomSka (@thetomska) January 1, 2017
I am not going to mention #Sherlock spoilers but that plot turn was inherently bad and shows deafness to criticism on a whole other level. — Helen O'Hara (@HelenLOHara) January 1, 2017
Still, even the naysayers found SOME things they enjoyed
martin freeman's hair in this ep of Sherlock is U N R E A L . — Gavia Baker-Whitelaw (@Hello_Tailor) January 2, 2017
And we could all agree on one thing – how decidedly un-cheery we felt after the episode finished.
Hi if anyone needs me I'll be crying myself to sleep because #Sherlock wrecked me goodbye — e mcgrath (@jsaxygal1234) January 2, 2017
Fun fact: The aquarium on tonight's episode of #Sherlock is the largest aquarium ever to be filled with viewers' tears. — Crystal Burt (@LipLipHooray) January 2, 2017
Happy new year…
Sherlock continues on BBC1 next Sunday (8th January) at 9.00pm
JINAN, China — Ousted politician Bo Xilai lost his appeal against a life sentence for corruption in his final public appearance Friday before prison — an inglorious end for the...
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
0:45 Cam Newton makes young fan's wish come true
1:53 Who's left Panthers QB Cam Newton starstruck?
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
Samuel Okunola shares the frustration of many Nigerians with the man he voted for three years ago, President Muhammadu Buhari. The 52-year-old tailor no longer feels he can support him in elections next year, but he doesn't see an alternative.
“I can't vote for Buhari in 2019,” Okunola said in an interview at his shop in the upscale Victoria Island district in Lagos, Nigeria's biggest city. “I'm looking for someone with compassion for the plight of Nigerians. I pray God produces this person before the elections.”
Time is running out for that person to emerge, with elections due in February. However much Buhari's APC takes the blame for overseeing the most severe economic slump in 25 years, failing to end security threats such as the Boko Haram Islamist insurgency and being unable to end daily power cuts and fuel shortages in Africa's biggest oil producer, there's no sign of a significant threat from the opposition.
Muhammadu Buhari Photographer: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg
While Buhari, 75, hasn't said if he'll seek re-election, he will start the race with a clear advantage unless opposition parties in Africa's most populous nation find their champion soon. The main challenger to the president's All Progressives Congress should be the People's Democratic Party, which remains scarred by a reputation for incompetence and corruption that led to its ouster from power in 2015.
Organized Opposition
“If the opposition was organized, they would've been able to deliver a killer blow to this government,” said Cheta Nwanze, an analyst at Lagos-based business advisory SBM Intelligence. “No party seems poised to do so at the moment.”
Part of the PDP's challenge is that it ran Nigeria since the end of military rule in 1999 until its defeat three years ago and left behind most of the seemingly intractable problems that the Buhari administration now faces.
“The PDP's main problem is that it has not been able to shake the perception of a fundamentally corrupt party built on rent-seeking,” said Amaka Anku, head of Eurasia Group's Africa Practice.
PDP spokesman Kola Ologbondiyan said the party is meeting with voters across the nation and is confident that it will win support.
PDP's Hope
“We are lucky that Nigerians have seen through the lie of the APC and they are rallying to the People's Democratic Party,” he said by phone on Monday. “A lot of the efforts the People's Democratic Party are making today are still in the background.”
New movements have emerged in recent months that reject both main parties. Former President Olusegun Obasanjo is touting the Coalition for Nigeria, the Nigerian Intervention Movement is headed by human-rights lawyer Olisa Agbakoba, and the Red Card Movement is led by Obiageli Ezekwesili, a former minister and ex-vice president of the World Bank.
“I don't think analysts realize the depth of dissatisfaction citizens out there on the streets have with the political class in our country,” Ezekwesili said by phone on Sunday. “The disappointment as a result of the dismal performance is very, very deep.”
Third Force
Yet for a so-called third force to organize a successful campaign across 36 states is a tall order.
“It doesn't seem other opposition parties have developed the necessary mechanisms at a national level to contest the dominance of these two parties for the time being,” said Imad Mesdoua of London-based Control Risks Group.
So the vote may be a straight fight between the PDP and the APC. The PDP will probably choose a Muslim northerner as its candidate like Buhari in a bid to splinter the regional vote that went to him in block vote in the last contest when he faced Goodluck Jonathan, who's from the mainly Christian south.
“Since 2015, there hasn't been any consensual, charismatic or national-appeal figure within the PDP that's emerged as the leader of the party,” Mesdoua said. “But there's still time for this to happen.”
Following “ER” alum Anthony Edwards' allegation that Goddard sexually assaulted him when he was 12, seven others from the Santa Barbara theater group are accusing their one-time mentor of molesting...
This guy collects scissors — and calls it art! Talk about your cutting-edge exhibitions: Harley Spiller's showing off his scissors. Some 200 of the 800 he owns — from the flimsy metal ones that pinched your fingers in grade...
Chicago is the city to visit right now Just 90 minutes from New York, Chicago teems with getaway possibilities. It should rank high on your to-visit list for a weekend trip, with offerings from fancy street food to...
Ace Hotel president accused of extortion in lawsuit Ace Hotel president Brad Wilson is now officially part of the battle over the late Ace creator Alex Calderwood's stake in the boutique chain, as papers were filed against him...
Ace Hotel chain sued by disgruntled part-owner A sidelined part-owner of the celebrity-friendly Ace Hotel chain says in a new lawsuit that company executives are driving the business into the ground while paying themselves hefty salaries. Michael...
Ownership fight after ritzy hotel founder's fatal overdose The father of late Ace Hotels founder Alex Calderwood says a Manhattan developer is trying to muscle him out of his son's two-thirds interest in the luxury-hotel chain for a...
Late Ace Hotel founder's dad in battle for son's stake of empire The father of the Ace Hotel chain founder Alex Calderwood, who died of an apparent drug overdose, is battling his son's business partner for his son's stake in the hip...
Madison Square Garden restaurants that don't drop the ball After a big night at Madison Square Garden, it's nice to replay the action over a meal nearby — without gagging. But while there are better choices inside the arena than...
Bowery Salvation Army to become new Ace Hotel Even the homeless are getting priced out of Manhattan. The Salvation Army Chinatown Shelter has sold out for $30 million and is moving to Brooklyn. In its place will be...
Bahraini activist sent to prison for Twitter comments DUBAI – Prominent Bahraini rights activist Nabeel Rajab was sentenced to five years in prison on Wednesday after he was convicted over critical comments he allegedly made on Twitter about...
US fighter jet crash lands at Bahrain airport DUBAI, United Arab Emirates — Authorities say a U.S. fighter jet has crash landed at Bahrain International Airport, disrupting flights to and from the island nation. Social media pictures of...
German minister warns against 'Trumpification' of Gulf conflict German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel expressed alarm about the sudden escalation of tensions in the Gulf after Saudi Arabia and other states abruptly broke off ties with Qatar, warning of...
US intelligence says Russian hackers set off Qatar diplomatic crisis: report US investigators have reportedly determined that Russian hackers last month breached Qatar's state news agency and planted a fake news report about the nation's leader that set off a crisis...
Trump takes credit for Arab nations cutting ties with Qatar President Trump took credit Tuesday for the decision by five Arab nations to cut ties with US ally Qatar, saying the move followed his demand that Gulf countries stop funding...
CVS To Spend $69 Billion To Buy Aetna
CVS Health Corp. plans to buy Aetna Inc. for $69 billion in a blockbuster deal that would further consolidate the U.S. healthcare industry by merging the nation's largest pharmacy chain with a major healthcare insurer, the companies announced Sunday.
CVS, which operates 9,700 drugstores and 1,100 walk-in healthcare clinics, agreed to pay $207 a share -- $145 in cash and $62 in CVS stock -- for Aetna, which has 22 million medical members. Both firms' boards of directors approved the deal, the companies said
For consumers, the merger would be the latest example of how the sale of drugs and other healthcare supplies, patient treatment and medical insurance are being consolidated under one roof.
The deal would enable CVS to expand its range of health services to Aetna's vast membership, with CVS' storefronts offering more local care options by becoming community medical hubs with primary-care, drug-management and other services.
CVS' locations "will include space for wellness, clinical and pharmacy services, vision, hearing, nutrition, beauty and medical equipment, in addition to the products and services" they currently provide, the company said.
"We look forward to working with the talented people at Aetna to position the combined company as America's front door to quality healthcare," CVS Chief Executive Larry Merlo said in a statement.
Aetna's chief executive, Mark Bertolini, said the deal was "the next step in our journey, positioning the combined company to dramatically further empower consumers."
The companies said Bertolini and two other Aetna directors would be added to CVS' board after the deal closes.
Gerald Kominski, director of the UCLA Center for Health Policy Research, said "it remains to be seen whether this [merger] is actually going to drive costs down" for consumers but that savings could materialize "if it becomes a lower-cost alternative to sending people to a doctor's office or having people show up in the emergency room."
"To the extent they can help manage the Aetna members' conditions -- particularly people who might otherwise end up in the ER or were recently hospitalized -- this could lower costs," Kominski said. "We'll see how it pans out."
A CVS-Aetna tie-up also could affect consumers by sparking further consolidation among other major players in the healthcare industry.
For the companies, the merger is seen as a way to help them mine new areas of sales growth and, in the case of CVS, fend off a potential threat to its pharmacy business from e-commerce giant Amazon.com, which is eyeing a move into the pharmaceuticals business.
The companies said the merger would produce $750 million in operating cost savings. Adding Aetna's membership to CVS' business -- which includes nearly 900 retail locations in California -- also could give CVS added leverage in negotiating for lower drug prices with makers of pharmaceuticals, analysts have said.
Aetna, meanwhile, would use the CVS deal to move past its scuttled plans to acquire rival insurer Humana Inc., and to keep pace with UnitedHealth Group, the nation's largest health insurer.
UnitedHealth has been aggressively expanding into filling prescriptions as a pharmacy benefit manager (PBM), and it owns more than 400 surgery centers and urgent-care clinics and runs medical practices for about 22,000 doctors nationwide.
PBMs negotiate with drug companies for volume discounts and run prescription drug plans for insurers, employers and government agencies. CVS' Caremark unit is among the nation's largest pharmacy benefit managers, but it faces stiff competition in that market from UnitedHealth and others.
When rumors of a CVS-Aetna merger surfaced in late October, analyst Jeffrey Loo of CFRA Research wrote in a note that "we are not surprised" by the merger talks because of "the success of UnitedHealth Group's PBM unit, Optum," and plans by another health insurer, Anthem Inc., to form its own pharmacy benefit management unit.
Anthem in October announced its PBM plan, called IngenioRx, and said it would be in partnership with CVS. It was not immediately clear what would happen to that plan if CVS acquires Aetna.
But a CVS-Aetna merger would require clearance by federal antitrust regulators, and approval is by no means certain. Indeed, Aetna dropped its $34-billion bid for Humana in February after a federal judge blocked it on antitrust grounds.
In addition, the Justice Department recently sued to block AT&T Inc.'s plan to buy Time Warner Inc., which, like CVS and Aetna, is a so-called vertical combination because the firms are in largely different businesses.
With CVS and Aetna, "it's a little hard to read the tea leaves, and we're talking about entirely different industries" than the AT&T/Time Warner deal, "but who knows," said Carl Tobias, a law professor at the University of Richmond.
"It will depend on the quality of the case they make with the regulators, and it's probably going to go through," Tobias said.
Still, a combination of CVS and Aetna "would finally meet Aetna's goal of selling itself without the adverse effects on competition that Aetna's failed deal with Humana would have had," Jack Curran, an analyst at research firm IBISWorld, said in a note last week.
The businesses of CVS and Aetna also have little overlap and thus the merger stands a better chance of being cleared, David Larsen, an analyst at investment bank Lerrink Partners, said in a recent note.
"We also believe that the Trump administration is more business-friendly" and that regulators may view a CVS-Aetna deal "as a way to continue to put pressure on manufacturers and drug prices," Larson said.
CVS' revenue last year totaled $178 billion, while Aetna's revenue was $63 billion. If the takeover offer is $207 a share, that would be a 14% premium to Aetna's closing price of $181.31 on Friday.
CVS was founded in Lowell, Mass., in 1963 by brothers Stanley and Sidney Goldstein and their partner Ralph Hoagland. CVS stood for Consumer Value Stores, and the shops initially sold health and beauty products.
Now based in Woonsocket, R.I., CVS grew in large part by acquiring other drugstore chains, including buying 700 Sav-On and Osco stores from Albertsons in 2006 that gave CVS a major presence in Southern California.
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: CVS/iStock/Artist's concept.
According to Israel's Channel 2, the agreement would OK the presence of Syrian soldiers up to the border with Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, removing Iranian and Hezbollah forces from the area. Russia would accept that Israel would maintain “its freedom of action against Iranian consolidation in all of Syria.”
NBC News has not been able to independently confirm the reports.
- Advertisement -
Israel has struck inside Syria more than 100 times since 2012, with most targets suspected of being weapons convoys destined for Hezbollah, which has been engaged in battles alongside Syrian government forces.
If successful, the pact would be an “important step” toward reducing tensions between Israel and Iran, according to Ali Fathollah-Nejad, a visiting fellow at the Brookings Doha Center and an associate with the Iran Project at Harvard University.
“The Russians do not want the Iranians to become too powerful in post-ISIS Syria,” he said, referring to the multinational effort to crush the extremists that captured swaths of Syria and Iraq in 2014.
In addition, Fathollah-Nejad said Israel is worried about “a permanent Iranian military presence across the Israeli border. … Against this background it makes sense that Israel and Russia find an agreement that they won't both accept an Iranian presence on the Israeli-Syrian border.”
On Wednesday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said the withdrawal of all non-Syrian forces from Syria's de-escalation zones along Syria's southwestern border brokered in November should happen “as soon as possible.”
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov.Sergei Karpukhin / Reuters
Rebels control stretches of southwest Syria bordering the Golan Heights, which have been held by Israel since the 1967 Mideast war, while Syrian troops and allied Iran-backed militias also holding nearby territory.
But Jonathan Eyal, an expert on Russia at the Royal United Services Institute, a London think tank, cautioned against expecting that a Russia-Israel deal would successfully force Iranians out of much of Syria.
“I think [Moscow] has much less influence over Iran than the Russians would like us to believe,” he said. “So I believe this deal that this touted is much more in theory than in practice.”
And even if a deal is signed, an agreement to push Iranian forces and Hezbollah back from the border may not be enough for Israel in the long run.
Regarding Syria our position is clear: We believe that there is no room for any Iranian military presence anywhere in Syria. And this reflects not only our position; I can say with certainty that it also reflects the positions of others in the Middle East and outside it. — PM of Israel (@IsraeliPM) May 28, 2018
“When you consider the advanced weapon systems — surface-to-surface missiles and anti-aircraft systems — that the Iranians want to deploy in Syria, it becomes clear that they must be prevented from doing so in all of Syria and not only within a limited distance from the Israeli border,” Chagai Tzuriel, the director-general of Israel's intelligence ministry, told Reuters on Monday.
F. Brinley Bruton reported from London, and Paul Goldman and Lawahez Jabari from Tel Aviv.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (AP) — An official has quit the Republican National Committee over the GOP's support of Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, who faces accusations of sexual assault and harassment.
Joyce Simmons, the GOP national committeewoman from Nebraska, emailed the 168-member governing body Monday to inform them that she had tendered her resignation. She writes: “I strongly disagree with the recent RNC financial support directed to the Alabama Republican Party for use in the Roy Moore race.”
Simmons adds that she wishes she could have continued her service “to the national Republican Party that I used to know well.'
The RNC had pulled support from Moore after the allegations surfaced against him last month. But the organization re-entered the race once President Donald Trump endorsed Moore, citing the need for a Republican in the seat.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Derek Jeter was the Rookie of the Year and the Yankees were champions in 1996, beginning a two-decade run of successful player and team that pretty much made him bulletproof in New York for two decades.
He had a fan base on his side, and no matter how vanilla or vague, contrarian or contradictory, Jeter was not going to be held much to it. He was on the permanent honor roll, lots of collateral in the bank.
Jeter does not have that collateral in South Florida running the Marlins. Jeter bought into a team that had been horribly run. He was going to have to come in and be the bad guy, a role — like being an owner rather than a shortstop — for which he was ill prepared.
Any new leader of the Marlins was going to have to trade Giancarlo Stanton. He wanted out, done with the revolving door of leadership and faced with the uphill climb of another rebuild. Jeter is not at fault for having to get out of as much of the 10 years at $295 million that remained on Stanton's deal, not with the staggering debt the organization already faces.
But a player known for handling himself so well in the crucible did not perform well as a member of management. Yet, in his first comments since Stanton was dealt to the Yankees, Jeter said: “There is nothing I would do differently.”
see also Giancarlo Stanton rips 'circus' Marlins on the way out Giancarlo Stanton could not have gotten out of Miami soon...
Jeter should reconsider because it was clear Stanton and his camp were not pleased with how this went down, from Jeter never making face-to-face contact with the slugger until last Tuesday and with the Marlins delivering an ultimatum soon after that if he did not accept a deal to either the Cardinals or Giants — who had trades in place to acquire Stanton — then he would be put in the gulag of having to spend the rest of his career as a Marlin.
As miserable as Stanton found his Marlins existence, he said he “was not going to be forced to do” something under threat. It turned out that the threat was the weakest at-bat of Jeter's career. By Thursday, the Marlins had a deal in place with the Yankees.
Jeter disputed that the Marlins accepted this deal because they were desperate, with nowhere to turn, insisting, “This was the best move and the best deal for the organization.” If so, then why threaten Stanton with, of all things, having to play for Derek Jeter the rest of his career if he didn't go to St. Louis or San Francisco?
Jeter wanted to portray this as a good trade, not a money dump, but think of it this way: The Yankees gave Oakland a better package for 2 1/2 years of Sonny Gray than Miami for 10 seasons of the reigning NL MVP. They would not trade Gleyber Torres straight up for Starlin Castro, Jorge Guzman and Jose Devers, and the Yankees got Torres plus more from the Cubs for three months of Aroldis Chapman.
The Yankees and Stanton had all the leverage here, Jeter pretty much none. It would have been OK to say that, to admit that the organization needed to do the best it could, but that the priority immediately is getting the financial house in order.
He could have admitted he blew it by not sitting down right away with Stanton or even calling to congratulate Stanton when he won the MVP. Instead, he had president of baseball operations Mike Hill play middleman. Jeter should remember how disrespected he felt in contract negotiations after the 2010 season, feeling he was getting low-balled because the Yanks knew he didn't want to go anywhere else. All negotiations are about leverage, and stars generally like to feel the love.
Stanton had the leverage with a no-trade clause, and Jeter didn't give him the love to even try to get him to the Marlins' side. It is part of a series of missteps that have haunted the early days of Jeter as a baseball executive that never set in early in his playing career.
He has no leverage with whatever fan base the Marlins have, no love stored up from exploits done in front of them. He is not going to be the Rookie Executive of the Year.
As a delicate cease-fire between Israel and Gaza appeared to go into effect on Wednesday after the biggest escalation since Operation Protective Edge in 2014, it was time to play the blame game. While Egypt was credited with mediating a truce between the parties and Jerusalem officially held Hamas accountable for the dozens of rockets fired at Israel on Tuesday, National Infrastructure, Energy and Water Resources Minister Yuval Steinitz pointed the finger at Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen).
“If there is one person who is responsible for the escalation and stifling of Gaza, it is Abu Mazen,” Steinitz told Kan. “Now is the time for Israel to think out of the box and come up with solutions to the Gaza humanitarian crisis.”
Steinitz said that Israel transferred tax revenues to the PA without knowing exactly where they were going, and suggested that once calm is restored, it should find a way to alleviate the situation in Gaza by bypassing Abbas. He proposed a carrot-and-stick policy.He confirmed, for example, that the Israel Electric Corporation was holding off repair work on three Gaza electricity lines damaged by rockets that had knocked out power to thousands of Gazans. Because Gaza depends on Israel for the several hours of power it receives a day, Steinitz said, this was a threat that Hamas could be expected to take seriously.One positive suggestion Steinitz had been to build a port in Cyprus that would allow exports from and imports to Gaza after being thoroughly checked by Israeli security services. This is not a new idea, but is certainly one worth discussing once the dust settles.After the IDF struck dozens of targets belonging to Islamic Jihad and Hamas across the Gaza Strip on Tuesday, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stressed that if the two terrorist groups renewed their rocket attacks on Israel, it would respond even more forcefully.“Israel will exact a heavy price from anyone who tries to harm it, and we view Hamas as responsible for preventing such attacks against us,” Netanyahu said.But Steinitz said it was Abbas, the ailing 83-year-old Palestinian leader who was discharged from a Ramallah hospital on Monday after a weeklong treatment for pneumonia, who should be held ultimately accountable.Just two months ago, Abbas reissued his longtime demand that Hamas hand over Gaza to the PA.Abbas noted that his ruling Fatah faction and Hamas had agreed in an Egyptian-brokered reconciliation deal in October 2017 to empower the PA government in the Gaza Strip. If Abbas were a true leader who could assert authority over Hamas, this would be an option, but because he has proven to be weak and incapable of effectively taking control, Israel and the international community need to explore other avenues.One way is to mediate a lasting agreement with Egypt, which has already taken a crucial role, to prevent a new outbreak of violence between Israel and Gaza until the Palestinians elect a new leader who is ready to negotiate an enduring peace accord.In the meantime, it appears that it is in nobody's interest to resume the tit-for-tat violence in Gaza. Even Hamas understands this, and the ball is now in its court. It experienced just a taste of Israel's military might on Tuesday. Among the targets struck by the IDF in Gaza was a new Hamas arms-smuggling tunnel that stretched from Rafah into Egypt's Sinai Peninsula and then into Israel.If nothing else, this latest round of violence has given Israel a chance to convey a clear message to Hamas that it will not countenance further violations of the 2014 truce.“It all depends on Hamas,” Intelligence and Transportation Minister Israel Katz told Kan. “If it continues [to attack Israel], I don't know what its fate will be.”Katz's words, while threatening, do not constitute a policy. Netanyahu should appoint a team of experts to come up with a comprehensive strategic plan. For now, it seems that Israel can depend on Egypt to play a positive and forceful role, but a grander strategy is needed. Gaza is not going away and neither is Hamas. While these rounds of violence have become the norm, longer-term solutions need to be considered.It is time for a Gaza plan.
Social media users are banding together to expose attendees at the Charlottesville white nationalist rally to make sure their employers, friends, and neighbors know their names.
A man identified as Cole White was fired from his job at a Berkeley, California restaurant Top Dog when his participation in the rally was revealed by the Twitter account @YesYoureRacist.
@YesYoureRacist, which has 290,000 users, has been been on a mission to call out racism on the internet since the account was opened in October 2012.
Peter Cvjetanovic (C) is among the white nationalists who gained unwanted fame in Charlottesville over the weekend. Samuel Corum / Getty Images
After a car rammed into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday afternoon, killing paralegal Heather Heyer and injuring 19 other people, social media users mobilized in full force to begin naming and shaming the attendees, who included people identifying as neo-Nazis, white nationalists and members of the Ku Klux Klan.
"There were hundreds if not thousands of cameras running during the rally at any given moment. I am consistently impressed by amateur detectives who are able to unearth people's names, home addresses, and social media accounts by picking out details from publicly available photos and video," Cole Stryker, author of "Hacking the Future," a book about the history and future of online anonymity, told NBC News.
"Anyone who puts on a bandana or a mask and thinks that will do the trick is fooling themselves, and should be prepared to accept what's coming to them," he said.
Related: GoDaddy to Pull Plug on Daily Stormer After Article Mocks Charlottesville Victim
Early Sunday morning, @YesYoureRacist and legions of people on Twitter got to work, sharing photos in the hope someone would recognize the people in them.
Before his identity was released, Peter Cvjetanovic, a student at the University of Nevada Reno, was just the young, angry looking white man carrying a Tiki torch through the streets of Charlottesville. The photo, showing hate and furor, went viral.
Now that the world knows his name, a Twitter account purported to belong to Cvjetanovic claims he is, "Changing the world for the better. Here to clear my name. White Nationalist."
“I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was. I understand the photo has a very negative connotation. But I hope that the people sharing the photo are willing to listen that I'm not the angry racist they see in that photo," Cvjetanovic told CBS Reno affiliate KTVN.
But he didn't apologize for his beliefs. He told the station that the planned replacement of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee "will be the slow replacement of white heritage within the United States and the people who fought and defended and built their homeland."
If you recognize any of the Nazis marching in #Charlottesville, send me their names/profiles and I'll make them famous #GoodNightAltRight pic.twitter.com/2tA9xliFVU — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 12, 2017
On Sunday, Marc A. Johnson, the president of the university, issued a statement saying, "Racism and white supremacist movements have a corrosive effect on our society. These movements do not represent our values as a university."
Other Twitter users also shared photos of people they hoped someone could identify. One photo of a man wearing an 82nd Airborne Division hat while giving the Nazi salute had been retweeted more than 18,000 times as of Monday afternoon.
Would *LOVE* to know the name of Mr. 82nd Airborne Division here rendering Hitler's Nazi salute. The 82nd jumped into Normandy on D-Day. pic.twitter.com/oObJNgXzEI — Brandon Friedman (@BFriedmanDC) August 13, 2017
"These people went with the intention of making a statement and I think they should have expected to be in pictures," Allison Matherly, coordinator of digital engagement at Texas Tech University told NBC News. Naming and shaming is perfectly acceptable on Twitter, as long as it doesn't cross the line into threatening behavior and no private information, such as an address or phone number, is shared.
Accounts such as @YesYoureRacist are also identifying people who attended an event in a public space, which does not violate any of Twitter's policies.
And of course, a picture can speak volumes, but sometimes they don't tell the entire story. YouTube star Joey Salads was initially named on Twitter as being at the event. He discredited by letting his followers know he's on vacation in Jamaica and that the photo used of him wearing a Nazi armband as a "social experiment" at a Trump rally was from a video posted in March.
While White lost his job as a consequence of attending the rally, Stryker said some of the people "will be fine and return to their communities, where racism is celebrated."
But he doesn't think naming and shaming will cause those at the center of it all to change their beliefs.
"We enjoy a powerful catharsis in exposing and punishing people who express objectionable opinions, even people who really do 'deserve' to feel shame, but let's not delude ourselves into thinking we've somehow reduced racism or its power," he said. "We've only pushed it into the dark where it will continue to fester."
BT Americas, a global telecommunications company, is the newest office tenant at SJP Properties' 11 Times Square. The firm signed a lease for 14,200 square feet in one of the few available spaces in the tower, which boasts 1.1 million square feet.
The tenant is moving from the New York Times building across the street. Asking rents at 11 Times Square starts in the $90s per square foot.
BT Americas was repped by Colliers International's Robert Tunis, Eric Ferriello and Patrick Wilcox. SJP was repped by JLL's Paul Glickman and Diana Biasotti.
Washington, Dec 11 (EFE).- The Trump administration's request to postpone a Jan. 1 deadline for the US Armed Forces to begin accepting transgender recruits was rejected Monday by a federal judge.
US District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly previously struck down President Donald Trump's executive order forbidding the military from recruiting transgender men and women, labeling it as unconstitutional.
The president's directive had raised concerns that some transgender people already serving in the Armed Forces would be forced out beginning in March 2018.
In overturning the executive order, Kollar-Kotelly effectively reinstated the transgender-friendly recruitment policy announced by then-President Barack Obama in 2016.
The judge then gave the Defense Department until New Year's Day to begin accepting transgender recruits.
Lawyers for the Trump administration asked Kollar-Kotelly to give the Pentagon more time to implement her order, but the judge turned down the motion.
“With only a brief hiatus, Defendants have had the opportunity to prepare for the accession of transgender individuals into the military for nearly one-and-a-half years,” she said in her ruling.
The Defense Department said it would obey the court decision even as the Pentagon and the Justice Department continued to pursue “relief from those court orders in order to allow an ongoing policy review scheduled to be completed before the end of March.”
A study commissioned by the Pentagon found that in 2016, the number of transgender people serving in the Armed Forces was between 1,300 and 6,600, out of total of 1.3 million active duty personnel.
President Trump's public and personal pressure on NFL owners reportedly played a big role in the league's decision to change its national-anthem rules amid controversial player protests.
In depositions from NFL owners obtained by the Wall Street Journal, as part of a grievance case filed by former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said the president personally told him in regard to the issue: “You can't win this one.”
“This is a very winning, strong issue for me,” Trump reportedly added in the call. “Tell everybody, you can't win this one. This one lifts me.”
Kaepernick was the first NFL player to protest police violence and racial injustice by refusing to stand for the national anthem in 2016. The conflict escalated last year after Trump publicly criticized protesting players.
Earlier this month, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced the league would fine teams and league personnel who do not “stand and show respect for the flag and the anthem.” Goodell said the league unanimously agreed to the vote, though 49ers owner Jed York abstained. The new overhaul does allow players to remain in the locker room for the anthem.
The Journal reported that the depositions suggest Trump's activism on the matter influenced the league to issue the new policy.
Trump last week said “the people” were the driving force
“I think the people pushed it forward, this was not me. I brought it out. I think the people pushed it forward,” Trump said on “Fox & Friends,” noting that NFL owners “did the right thing” by instituting the new policy.
The feud between the White House and the NFL began in September 2017 when, during a rally, the president suggested that if a player knelt or refused to stand for the anthem, the owner should “get that son of a b—h off the field.”
Dolphins owner Stephen Ross reportedly said in his deposition that he thought Trump “changed the dialogue.”
“I was totally supportive of [the players] until Trump made his statement,” Ross said.
Texans owner Bob McNair added that he thought the president's comments were inappropriate.
But the depositions also show McNair, Ross and Jones all acknowledged that the protests were hurting their teams financially.
Denouncing weapons of war
used to kill innocents lauded
So proud of the students here and abroad leading the movement denouncing gun violence with the March for Our Lives, National School Walkouts, voter registration drives, etc., and bringing to the forefront what many of us have been saying for years.
The Second Amendment pertains to a “well-regulated militia” defending the “security of a free State” not the use of weapons of war such as assault rifles by civilians to attack innocent victims in schools, churches, concerts, etc.
Related Articles Letter: Can't forget Barbara Bush's remarks on Katrina evacuees
Letter: Judge Aaron Persky recall won't undermine confidence in judiciary
Letter: Why isn't Trump saying ‘go ahead and knock yourselves out' in Mueller probe?
Letter: Housing crisis will require many ideas, collaboration
Letter: The lowest cost earthquake ‘insurance' money can buy The time for change has come and the people are ready.
Kathleen Moe
San Jose
Submit your letter to the editor via this form
Read more Letters to the Editor
{"id":56359927,"title":"2 people critical near site where spy poisoned: British police","duration":"1:31","description":"A man and a woman are critical in Amesbury, miles from where a former Russian spy and his daughter were poisoned in March.","url":"/GMA/News/video/people-critical-site-spy-poisoned-british-police-56359927","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"}
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Dayton police are investigating after a gunshot victim shows up at Miami Valley Hospital.
According to regional dispatch, initial reports came in of a black sedan shooting at a white vehicle on West Third Street and Infirmary Road around 4-30 this afternoon.
15 minutes later, dispatch got a call from Miami Valley Hospital saying a female shooting victim showed up in their emergency room. Her condition is unknown.
Right now, police are blocking off West Third Street from Elmhurst Road and Almond looking for clues.
No suspect information has been given.
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
JAVED MIANDAD ADVISED BCCI AND PCB TO WORK TOGETHER FOR THE RESUMPTION OF BILATERAL SERIES BETWEEN INDIA AND PAKISTAN
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. – There will be no three-peat for Hideki Matsuyama at the Waste Management Phoenix Open.
After winning the event in a four-hole playoff each of the last two years, Matsuyama's title defense at TPC Scottsdale came to an abrupt halt when he withdrew prior to the start of his second round, citing a left wrist injury.
Full-field scores from the Waste Management Phoenix Open
Waste Management Phoenix Open: Articles, photos and videos
Matsuyama had gotten off to a solid if unremarkable start, carding five birdies en route to a 2-under 69 in the opening round. But after attempting a warm-up session on the range, Matsuyama opted to call it quits. This is his first mid-tournament withdrawal since the 2016 Honda Classic.
The early exit ends a remarkable run for the 25-year-old at this event, where he was also a runner-up in 2015 and tied for fourth in 2014. It remains to be seen if Matsuyama will tee it up at the Genesis Open in two weeks, a tournament he has played each of the last four years.
The mayor of the Arizona city where a pedestrian was killed by a self-driving car has been a vocal cheerleader for Uber Technologies Inc.'s efforts to use his streets as a test track for robot rides.
“Uber is really operating very safely on our roadways,” Mark Mitchell, who was elected mayor in May 2012, said in a Feb. 14 phone interview. “We're enforcing the traffic laws for everyone, whether it's autonomous or regular, law-abiding citizens.”
Uber halted autonomous-vehicle tests after one of its cars struck and killed a woman in Tempe on Sunday in what is likely the first pedestrian fatality involving the technology. The greater Phoenix area, including Tempe and Chandler, Arizona, plays host to autonomous test cars from Uber, Alphabet Inc.'s Waymo, Intel Corp. and General Motors Co.
In an emailed statement Monday, Mitchell called the accident tragic and urged against drawing “conclusions prematurely” as the Tempe Police completes its investigation.
“When a bicyclist, pedestrian or motorist is killed, it should be an opportunity for Tempe to pause and think about what can be done to make our roadways even safer,” he said.
“All indications we have had in the past show that traffic laws are being obeyed by the companies testing here,” Mitchell added. “Our city leadership and Tempe Police will pursue any and all answers to what happened in order to ensure safety moving forward.”
FRANKFORT, Ky. (AP) - A Kentucky lawmaker who attracted national attention last year when he compared President Barack Obama and his wife to monkeys has been accused of sexual assault.
The Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting quotes Maranda Richmond as saying she has asked Louisville police to reopen an investigation of Dan Johnson.
Johnson was elected to the state legislature in 2016 - after he posted the Facebook remarks about the Obamas. He didn't respond to a voicemail Monday. Richmond says Johnson assaulted her in 2012. She says she reported it to police in 2013, but the case was closed without charges. No one at the police department responded to a telephone call seeking comment.
The Associated Press does not generally identify alleged sexual assault victims, but is doing so because Richmond has gone public.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Hillary Clinton takes on Trump administration, rebukes Spicer during California speech
Miami poet Richard Blanco's tribute to Orlando: 'One Pulse — One Poem'
1:46
Tonto Dikeh, Jon Ogah Set for Abuja All White Pool Party – National Accord
National Accord Tonto Dikeh, Jon Ogah Set for Abuja All White Pool Party
National Accord
Music Act and Big brother Housemate, Jon Ogah and Nollywood Divas, Tonto Dikeh set to be live at Abuja All White Pool Party as event promises to bring together all the Top Personalities within the capital city and its environs to celebrate in a white …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Opening his first White House Easter Egg Roll, President Donald Trump extolled the strength of America as thousands of kids, and some adults, reveled in the time-honored tradition of rolling hard-boiled eggs across the manicured lawn in his back yard.
"This is the 139th Easter Egg Roll. Think of it, 139," Trump said Monday, welcoming families to the annual event, which was dampened by intermittent rain. "And we will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before. We're right on track," he said, speaking of the nation's strength under fewer than 100 days of his leadership.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump, First Lady Host First Easter Egg Roll at White House 1:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump's wife, Melania, and their son, Barron, 11, and the Easter Bunny joined him on a balcony overlooking the expansive lawn before they went downstairs to join some of the 21,000 people who were expected to attend what is the biggest social event every year at the White House.
Daphne Rank, from Dillsburg, Penn., participates in an Easter egg roll race during the 139th White House Easter Egg Roll. Saul Loeb / AFP - Getty Images
Before joining the festivities with his family, Trump thanked his wife for "working on this for a long time to make it perfect."
There was, however, some speculation about whether the Trumps would be able to pull off a successful "egg-stravaganza." Planning seemed to get off to a late start, with the Trumps taking longer than in previous years to announce Monday's date.
President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump welcome guests to the White House. Win McNamee / Getty Images
Both Trump and the first lady have been slow to fill White House jobs, and at least one regular egg roll vendor took to Twitter, the president's favorite social medium, to remind the White House that a deadline for ordering the wooden eggs that are given out as souvenirs was approaching.
PHOTOS: Christians Around the World Mark Easter Holiday
But the egg rolling event, which dates to 1878, wouldn't be made to disappear. It was just made smaller, down from the 35,000 people who got tickets last year, but retaining such activities as a reading nook, an area to send messages to U.S. troops and an entertainment stage.
"As we renew this tradition, thank you for joining us," the first lady said.
Moments later, Trump blew a whistle three times, each time sending groups of youngsters scurrying to deftly use a wooden spoon to maneuver their dyed egg several yards across the finish line. He, the first lady and Barron also joined kids at a table to color cards to send to U.S. service members.
U.S. President Donald Trump and his son Donald Trump, Jr., watch children roll Easter Eggs at 139th annual White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 17, 2017. Joshua Roberts / Reuters
Trump's older sons, Don Jr. and Eric, and their wives, and daughter Tiffany also attended.
Seven-year-old Johnny Wilmer of Arlington, Virginia, said his egg-rolling effort ended with a second-place finish. It was his first Easter egg roll, and he said while he and his father, Jack, waited for Trump to appear that the experience had been "great."
Over at the reading area, Mrs. Trump read "Party Animals," a story about celebrating differences written by television personality Kathie Lee Gifford.
Costumed characters roaming the grounds included Elmo from "Sesame Street," Dr. Seuss' Cat in the Hat, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and some of the Racing Presidents, who are mascots for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball.
Bloomberg Boston Bureau Chief Tom Moroney and Radio News Anchors Peter Barnes, Pat Carroll and Anne Mostue are joined by top names from local business and finance to medicine and politics, along with Bloomberg reporters covering the latest stories in Boston, the Bay State and beyond. Bloomberg News cross assets reporter Sarah Ponczek gave us an update on a down day for the markets. Cranberry farmer Dick Ward of Carver, Massachusetts talked about the possible impact of EU tariffs against his business. Min Suh, founder and CEO of Assess+RE talked about his study that shows the benefits that will accrue to the city that wins Amazon's second headquarters. Molly Mitchell, researcher at William and Mary's Virginia Institute of Science talked about their new study that shows rising waters will impact Boston. Bloomberg News reporter Jeanna Smialek talked about her reporting on the economic impact of opioid abuse. Anne Mostue interviewed Ric Fulop, the CEO of Burlington-based Desktop Metal, about his company's latest round of funding and its new partnership with Ford.
Running time 51:28
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A review by the Kentucky Department of Education lists several concerns within the Jefferson County Public School district.
The review found 32 issues ranging from sexual assault on buses to priority schools. At least 16 of those deficiencies involve student restraints. It's an issue the Long family experienced firsthand when their son Brennan was restrained at the Binet School.
“Both of his legs, his femurs were broken,” Brennan's father, Brian Long, said.
The Long family is actually listed specifically in the report, but they say the review points to a greater problem, one they keep pushing to solve.
RELATED STORIES
+ Kentucky Department of Education to conduct management audit of JCPS
+ Parents of teen severely injured at school speak out
+ State to review JCPS management due to issues in reporting of restraints
“It's not about Brennan, it's about injury prevention, it's about preventing the next fatal or near fatal injury in this county,” Long said. “It was almost Brennan. But it's going to be someone else if the changes aren't made.”
JCPS superintendent Dr. Donna Hargens reacted to the report Tuesday and noted a lot of the state's issues were with restraints. But she said the district has taken steps to fix the problem by reporting issues more accurately and by training staff in safe crisis management.
“Frankly reading the majority of this audit feels like stepping back in time. It does not acknowledge the work the district has done and continues to do,” Hargens said.
But the state's spotlight is just putting further emphasis on Brennan's story and his family's message.
WATCH: Kasey Cunningham's report
“The reality of it is these issues must be addressed and they can't be addressed fast enough,” Long said. “Who's son or daughter wants to be that child? No one.”
A team from the state will now come in to audit the school system. Because of how large the school system is, the team will be here at least two weeks. All documents and records will have to be handed over to the team.
Depending on what they find, the state could end up taking over the school system.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
[October 06, 2017] New Mass Timber Construction Program Positions Canada's Forest Industry as a Source of Clean Growth in the Low-Carbon Economy
OTTAWA, Oct. 6, 2017 /CNW/ - Encouraging the long-term use of wood in Canada's construction industry will help us achieve our climate change goals while increasing the demand for Canadian wood products and creating good, middle-class jobs for Canadians. Canada's Minister of Natural Resources, the Honourable Jim Carr, today announced the launch of a new mass timber program, Green Construction Through Wood (GCWood), aimed at encouraging the long-term use of wood in non-traditional construction projects, such as tall buildings, as part of the Government's efforts to position Canada as a leader in the global low-carbon economy. The program launch follows the Government's Budget 2017 announcement of $39.8 million over four years, starting in April 2018, to undertake this initiative. Wood-based materials, over their life cycle, use less energy and emit fewer greenhouse gases (GHGs) and pollutants than traditional, energy-intensive materials. Using them will reduce the overall carbon footprint of most buildings, helping Canada reach its 2030 climate change target and support its long-term commitments under the Paris Agreement. With this new funding, GCWood will build on the past succeses of the Tall Wood Building Demonstration Initiative (TWBDI), which resulted in the construction of the world's tallest hybrid wood building at 18 storeys, the Brock Commons Tallwood House at the University of British Columbia. It will also facilitate revisions to the 2020 and 2025 National Building Code of Canada to allow tall wood buildings beyond the current limit of six storeys, up to 12 storeys and even taller, and help develop design and costing tools to assist designers and builders. The formal call for Expressions of Interest for the program, which focuses on tall wood building projects (10 storeys and above), is now open and accepting applications, which are due by December 6, 2017. Quotes
"By investing in this innovative program, we can help reduce GHG emissions while creating jobs for Canadians and opportunities for Canadian businesses. We are also helping position Canada as a world leader in a low-carbon global economy."
Jim Carr
Canada's Minister of Natural Resources
Associated Links Call for Expressions of Interests
Advantages of Wood Buildings
Nordic Structures
Brock Commons Tallwood House Follow us on Twitter: @NRCan (http://twitter.com/nrcan) NRCan's news releases and backgrounders are available at www.nrcan.gc.ca/media SOURCE Natural Resources Canada
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
. . . As Kaduna Govt Launches Residency Card
BY MSUE AZA,Kaduna
The Kaduna State government yesterday launched its residency card urging all residents to register and effectively benefit from social services Provided by government Speaking with journalists shortly after he registered at the North West Zonal Office of the National Identity Card Management Commission (NIMC) in Kaduna, the state's Commissioner for Budget and Planning, Muhammad Sani Abdullahi, explained that the initiative will also tackle security challenges as residents will be captured on national data base for easy identification.
The commissioner while explaining that the registration exercise was being carried out in partnership with NIMC, and is open to all residents of all ages, said Kaduna State government is currently providing a number of free social services for the people in the state.
Abdullahi, said that very soon, people would be required to present their residency card before they could access free social services, adding that 31 registration locations have already been established across the three zones of the state.
The commissioner however, called on the people to come out and be registered.
The post . . . As Kaduna Govt Launches Residency Card appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
2% Greek yogurt or 100 calories Yoplait
The winner: The 2% Greek yogurt is my hands-down choice. It may seem counter-intuitive to recommend the higher-calorie, higher-fat pick, but the latest evidence suggests that people who consume these foods have a lower chance of being overweight or obese, and research points to a lower risk of diabetes from high-fat dairy foods. Plus, the evidence connecting saturated fat from dairy foods to health concerns has weakened over time. Another pro: You won't find any additives, added sugar, or artificial sweeteners in plain 2% Greek yogurt.
Do it BETTER: For those that want fruity flavor or like their yogurt on the sweet side, your best bet is to start with a plain variety and then dress it up with fruit and a drizzle of honey or maple syrup. You'll get whole, fiber-rich fruit, and chances are, you'll add less sweetener than the manufacturer.
Honey Nut Cheerios vs. Frosted Flakes?
The winner: Neither of these options get top honors in my book, but in the battle of the sugary cereals, Honey Nut Cheerios edges out its competition. Though it contains 9 g of sugar — that's over 2 teaspoons (and too much for a breakfast cereal!) — the first ingredient is whole grain oats, so you'll get 2 grams of fiber from this choice. The Frosted Flakes have an extra gram of sugar (for a total of 10 g) and is made from milled corn, which is another way of saying processed, fast-acting carbohydrates.
Do it BETTER: The actual winner is a 100% whole grain cereal with no to little added sugar. Less than 6 g of added sugar per serving is a good target.
Honey or table sugar
The winner: Honey has it slightly — but not because of its nutritional properties. Honey has some well-studied therapeutic benefits. It acts as a topical antibiotic when applied to wounds and eases nighttime coughs better than traditional over-the-counter medications. Honey also happens to taste sweeter than sugar so you may be able to get away with using less. But remember that honey is metabolized in the body the same as table sugar so there are no big nutritional wins when it comes to eating it.
Do it BETTER: You shouldn't be eating too much added sugar from any source, including honey. And honey won't provide these health benefits unless you're using it as specified to treat these conditions. That means that a daily drizzle over your oatmeal won't do anything for that nighttime cough. You'll need a spoonful at night for that. So keeping tabs on your honey consumption still applies.
Cow's milk or almond milk
The winner: For those who consume dairy foods, milk has more nutrition per cup. It has 8 grams of protein —that's more than a cheese stick, an egg or an ounce of almonds. Almond milk has just 1 g of protein. Plus, the calcium in milk is naturally-occurring and it may be more protective than the calcium that's added to plant-based varieties.
Do it BETTER: Unsweetened almond milk has just 30 calories per cup compared to 110 calories per cup of 1% milk. If you're getting protein from other sources (like yogurt, nuts and nut butters, eggs, beans, meat, chicken, and fish), you might prefer a lower-calorie way to lighten coffee or round out your smoothies and oatmeal.
Green juice or smoothie?
The winner: A smoothie has a leg up on the green juice, despite the fact that celebrities and other so-called health enthusiasts pay premium prices for their green sips. Smoothies are made in a blender, which pulverizes whole fruits and vegetables. This process not only retains the vitamins, minerals, antioxidants and other health-promoting plant compounds, but also the fiber — something lacking in most Americans' diets. Plus, smoothies tend to be made with other beneficial ingredients, like nut butters, protein-packed Greek yogurt, chia seeds, and the like. So in addition to all the nutritious goodness from produce, you're getting added nutrition from the extras, while also getting a drink that's filling and satisfying.
Though green juice is rich in nutrients, juicing machines separate the pulp from the fruit juice, leaving the fiber behind. This is a big health miss, and also means these drinks won't do as good a job filling you up. Also, because greens are bitter, green juices often contain more fruits than veggies, which drives up the calories, carbohydrates and sugar.
Do it BETTER: Though I generally favor whole fruit over juice (green or otherwise), if you're really struggling to get enough produce and want to give green juice a try, remember that it's a concentrated source of nutrition and calories. Keep your sips small — much closer to a shot glass than a big gulp. And, watch your smoothie intake, too, because those extra calories can add up.
What a Nutritionist Wants You to Know
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
It wasn't supposed to be easy, going from a sidekick to a superhero, from Robin to Batman.
It just seemed that way early on for Khadeen Carrington, Seton Hall's junior guard. He averaged 19.2 points per game during the non-conference season, seamlessly transitioning from a role player a year ago, when he often deferred to former teammate Isaiah Whitehead, to the focal point of the Pirates' offense.
But then the Big East season began, the level of play heightened, and all the attention suddenly was on him. Predictable struggles ensued. Over the Pirates' first nine conference games, Carrington averaged just 13.1 points per game and shot 35 percent from the field.
“Teams throw the whole kitchen sink at me,” the 6-foot-3 guard from Brooklyn said. “I was trying to figure out how to deal with teams being focused on me. Last year, teams were focused on me, but not as much. They were focused on Isaiah.”
A dislocated pinkie finger on his left hand, along with two severely jammed fingers, didn't help, though Carrington repeatedly refused to use the injury as an excuse. Once tough times hit, he began thinking too much, unsure when to be aggressive, when to get his teammates involved, when to look for his shot, and when to set up others. A scorer his entire life, Carrington had trouble adjusting to being a playmaker, too.
“Last year you were Robin,” Seton Hall coach Kevin Willard told him in a recent sitdown, “and now you're trying to figure out how to be Batman.”
Willard saw this early on last season with Whitehead, who got off to a slow start in conference play. As he did with Whitehead, he gave Carrington the same advice: Don't worry about scoring early on. If the opposition wants to take you away, allow others to get going. Use that knowledge to your advantage. Eventually, the defense will loosen up.
Carrington has responded with two of his better games, keying overtime victories over Georgetown and Providence, which the Pirates (15-8, 5-6 Big East) hope can jump-start a strong finish like last season and a second straight NCAA Tournament berth. Carrington took baby steps against the Hoyas, scoring 16 points and adding three assists. He made significant strides against the Friars, producing one of the best games of his career: 44 minutes, 21 points, seven rebounds, five assists and just two turnovers.
“I think he's on an upward tick,” Willard said, as he prepared his team to take on St. John's on Saturday afternoon at the Garden. “I like where his game's at. I like where his mind's at.”
Carrington is averaging a team-high 32.5 minutes per game, along with career highs of 16.8 points and 2.9 assists, and he has played 78 of a possible 85 minutes over the last two wins. This time of year, he doesn't need much of a breather. After all, he's being tasked with being Seton Hall's superhero now.
“There's no time for being tired right now,” Carrington said. “That's what I say during the huddle. I'm definitely up for the challenge.”
Motorists have been asked to drive safely in the Ballymena area after PSNI in the north Antrim town were called out to six traffic collisions today.
The call from PSNI on Facebook comes after Northern Ireland Area Traffic Watch, also on Facebook, asked motorists to "avoid the A26 at all costs".
In their post they say there have been two separate car collisions on the road this morning.
Later PSNI Ballymena posted on Facebook: "B Section have attended 6 traffic collisions so far this morning in our area.
"Drivers please be extra careful on the roads, they are treacherous. The road service is aware and will be out trying to make the roads safer for us all."
John Stamos to perform with Beach Boys on July Fourth The Four Tops, "Hamilton" star Phillippa Soo and the Blues Brothers will also take the stage.
Have mercy: John Stamos has a wardrobe malfunction The actor posted a video of the moment he realized he had split his pants.
Beach Boys could perform at Trump's inauguration The icons of California surf rock have been asked to bring some good vibrations — and they've yet to decline.
Obama blinks at China's piracy, Trump's 'clean it up' Cabinet, and other notable commentary Activist: China Provokes, Obama Wilts China's willingness to return a US Navy underwater drone it seized in the South China Sea “should not be the end of the saga,” writes...
Two separate memoirs tell singular tale of the Beach Boys Brian Wilson and his cousin Mike Love offer conflicting histories of one of America's most revered bands and their contributions to it.
Beach Boy Mike Love is out to fix his bad reputation No Kanye West rant can compare with Mike Love at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1988. As Love recalls in his memoir “Good Vibrations: My Life as...
Brian Wilson on 'Pet Sounds,' drugs, and why he doesn't surf Brian Wilson, on his first trip to Israel, was given a key to the city of Tel Aviv, where a radio station played a Hebrew version of “Good Vibrations.” He...
Beach Boys to headline Memorial Day concert in DC Producers announced plans Wednesday for the concert, which honors America's service members and veterans.
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
These organisms are turning Istanbul's waters turquoise The waters around Istanbul have turned a striking shade of turquoise. A natural phenomenon called a “phytoplankton bloom” has turned the normally dark waters of the Bosporus and the Golden...
Russian fighter jet comes within 20 feet of US Navy aircraft An armed Russian fighter jet flew alarmingly close to a US Navy reconnaissance aircraft flying over the Black Sea on Tuesday — just one day before Russian Foreign Minister Sergey...
Russian soldiers missing after ship collides with freighter ISTANBUL — Turkish media reports say 15 Russian soldiers are missing after their warship collided with a freighter off Istanbul, in the Black Sea. Private television station NTV says 45...
Trump administration denies Exxon request to drill in Russia The Trump administration shot down a request from Exxon­Mobil to waive US sanctions against Russia so it could resume drilling for oil around the Black Sea. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin...
Black boxes reveal no evidence of explosion on Russian plane Russian officials probing the crash of a military plane that carried the Red Army Choir said Thursday that the black boxes revealed no evidence of an explosion on board –...
Black box recovered from Russian plane crash One of the black boxes from the Russian military plane that crashed into the Black Sea with 92 people aboard – including 64 members of the famed Russian Atmy Choir...
Russia says focus is on faults, not terror, in plane crash probe SOCHI, Russia — A pilot error or a technical fault — not terrorism — is likely to be the cause of the plane crash into the Black Sea, Russia's transport...
Expired passport saves Russian choir member's life A singer in Russia's Red Army Choir has his expired passport to thank for saving his life. Another avoided death because of daddy duty. Roman Valutov, 29, was listed in...
Recently engaged dance duo aboard doomed Russian flight A 19-year-old ballerina and a recently engaged dancing duo were among 64 members of the famed Russian army choir who died when a Russian military plane carrying them and 28...
WILLIAMSON, West Virginia — The deadly math in this struggling but proud West Virginia town breaks down like this: For over a decade, two pharmacies just four blocks apart dispensed some 20.8 million prescription painkillers in a town of just 3,191 residents.
That's more than 6,500 prescription painkillers per person in this coal-mining town that sits just across the Tug Fork River from Kentucky.
Those jarring figures were released this week by the congressional committee investigating the epidemic that has ravaged the Rust Belt — and the two regional drug wholesalers, Miami-Luken and H.D. Smith, that are accused of swamping Williamson with millions of highly addictive opioid pills.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed How the over-prescription of opioids fueled the epidemic in West Virginia 2:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The doctors and drug wholesalers are “making a fortune off of our downfall, you know,” recovering addict Wes Thomasson told NBC News on Thursday at a Williamson treatment center.
“If you're trying to figure out how to get rid of the epidemic, trying to figure out how to resolve the problem, start with the prescription,” he said.
That's exactly what the House Energy and Commerce Committee is doing.
“These numbers are outrageous, and we will get to the bottom of how this destruction was able to be unleashed across West Virginia,” the committee chairman, Rep. Greg Walden, R-Ore., and ranking member, Rep. Frank Pallone, D-N.J., vowed in a joint statement.
A Hatfield-McCoy Trail sign along a railroad track in Williamson, West Virginia on Nov. 11, 2016. Steve Helber / AP file
Last year there were 13 fatal drug overdoses in Mingo County, of which Williamson is the county seat, and 711 deaths from drugs in the 54 other counties that make up the state, according to the West Virginia Health Statistics Center.
Other recovering addicts, like Deiara Warrix and Mindy Leffe, said that Williamson feels awash with opioids.
“If you want it you can get it,” Warrix said. “You go to the pharmacy and you get five prescriptions of it."
She added, "It's just not right, really.”
Attorney Mike Troy, who represents Williamson and Mingo County in its legal battle with drug wholesalers, said even he was taken aback by the sheer number of painkillers in the town.
"You can't live and breathe and not be shocked by the numbers," Troy said. "But you also can't live in these communities and really be all that amazed when you see how it touches every family, you know? I mean, there's none of us that don't have a family member who's addicted, in treatment, and homeless. It's just all-consuming in these communities."
Lawmakers have sent letters to Miami-Luken and H.D. Smith demanding to know why millions of hydrocodone and oxycodone pills were sent from 2006 to 2016 to “five pharmacies in particular” in four tiny West Virginia towns that have a total population of about 22,000.
Two of those pharmacies are in Williamson — Tug Valley Pharmacy and the Hurley Drug Company.
During the decade in question, each was shipped more than 10 million hydrocodone and oxycodone pills, the letters to the drug wholesalers revealed.
Among other things, the lawmakers are seeking to find out whether the drug wholesalers used “any analytic tools” to determine whether the amount of pills they were shipping to the drug stores “was appropriate for a town of 3,191 in a rural region of West Virginia.”
In the letter to Miami-Luken, they asked whether the company made any attempt “to understand why the number of pills that it sent to Tug Valley Pharmacy increased by over 350 percent over a single year period from 2008 to 2009.”
In the letter to H.D. Smith president J. Christopher Smith, the lawmakers asked why the company supplied the two Williamson pharmacies with “39,000 hydrocodone pills over a two-day period in October 2007.”
“If so, were any red flags raised about potentially suspicious orders, and were any suspicious order reports submitted to the DEA?” they wrote.
Both companies were given until Feb. 9 to answer their questions.
Richard Blake, a lawyer for Miami-Luken, said they are in the process of crafting a response.
“We're cooperating with the committee, we continue to cooperate with the committee,” Blake said.
There was no immediate response from H.D. Smith to a request for comment.
Tug Valley Pharmacy declined to comment for this story but the Hurley Drug Company called the congressional letters “misleading.” The owner said the family-run business served not just Williamson but also the large surrounding area and insisted that its employees only filled legal prescriptions.
In 2016, West Virginia had the nation's highest fatal drug overdose rate with 52 per 100,000 people, far out pacing Ohio, which had 39.1 fatalities per 100,000 people, according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
West Virginia was also one of the states with the highest rates of opioid prescriptions, according to the CDC.
Gutierrez and Reiss reported from Williamson, West Virginia. Siemaszko reported from New York City.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (AP) – A state prison will use equipment seized from an illegal marijuana grower to cultivate vegetables for poor people.
The Vindicator of Youngstown, Ohio, reports tens of thousands of dollars' worth of hydroponic equipment seized by police in Campbell has been donated to the Trumbull Correctional Institution for the prison's inmate agricultural program.
Inmates at the maximum security prison in northeast Ohio grew 10,000 pounds of food donated to poor people last year.
The equipment was seized during a raid in Campbell last September in which police found 56 marijuana plants.
Campbell Mayor Nick Phillips says equipment found during raids is usually destroyed but was instead donated after a prison official asked for it.
Phillips says “it's nice to see good coming from bad.”
What to Know A Queens woman is being charged with murder after the death of her step-grandson in September 2017.
The defendant claimed that after she gave the baby a bottle and burped him, he began to vomit and had difficulty breathing.
Further investigation and an autopsy showed the baby suffered Abusive Head Trauma.
A Queens woman is being charged with murder in the death of her step-grandson in September 2017, according to the district attorney's office.
Prosecutors say 11-month-old Jeremiah Callaghan died of abusive head trauma while he was under the care of his grandfather's wife, 29-year-old Shanica Callaghan of Rosedale.
Callaghan and her husband, 59-year-old Clinton Callaghan, had gotten custody of the Jeremiah after his mother began abusing drugs, according to authorities.
On the evening of Aug. 31, 2017, the couple took baby Jeremiah to Brookville Playground along with their three biological children. When they returned home, the baby appeared healthy.
Shanica Callaghan told authorities that while she was alone with Jeremiah in the house, she changed his diaper and gave him a bottle, and that's when he began to vomit and have difficult breathing.
Jeremiah was rushed to Jamaica Hospital in cardiac arrest and placed on a ventilator. After being transferred to Cohen Children's Medical Center, he died on September 6, 2017, the district attorney's office said.
Further investigation and an autopsy showed the baby suffered a traumatic brain injury, retinal hemorrhages to both eyes, and extensive spinal cord damage, all consistent with abusive head trauma from violent and repetitive forces of being shaken, according to the district attorney's office.
Shanica Callaghan is awaiting trial and is being charged with second-degree murder, first-degree assault and endangering the welfare of a child. If found guilty, she faces up to 25 years to life in prison.
Attorney information for the woman wasn't immediately available.
RIYADH: Riyadh will host the Saudi Meeting Industry Convention (SMIC) on Feb. 18 under the patronage of Prince Sultan bin Salman, president of the Saudi Commission for Tourism and National Heritage (SCTH) and head of the supervising committee of the Saudi Exhibition and Convention Bureau (SECB).The SMIC will be held at the King Faisal Convention Center, Riyadh InterContinental Hotel, from Feb. 18-20.The event will also host the Saudi Associations Day, gathering executives from certified technical, scientific and medical associations in the Kingdom. The idea behind the day is the development of association-related meetings and conferences, and building partnerships with international association counterparts.According to the Saudi Press Agency, the convention bureau has approved a resolution aimed at developing the Saudi Convention and Exhibition Forum, successfully held for the past four years in Jeddah, Riyadh, Dammam and Madinah.This year's event, with the theme “The Saudi Meeting Industry Forum,” will include a conference session to discuss the industry's issues, in addition to holding a trade fair for suppliers and accompanying events.According to a statement from the SCTH, the number of attendees for the past four sessions topped 5,000 officials and experts, with the participation of more than 100 speakers who presented their research work, experiences and plans — which had a positive impact on the Saudi meeting industry.Quoting the executive director of the exhibition bureau, Tariq Abdul Rahman Al-Eissa, the statement said: “In addition to increasing exhibition space to attract more international participants, the forum will discuss a number of important issues on the future of the Saudi meeting industry and its contribution to the realization of Vision 2030, through scientific seminars and workshops.”The forum will dedicate a day to youth — to steer them toward becoming future leaders in this promising industry.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — The Charlotte 49ers have hired Virginia associate head coach Ron Sanchez as their new coach following a 13-17 season.
Sanchez will be introduced at a news conference next week.
“Ron Sanchez embodies everything we could possibly want in a head basketball coach,” Charlotte athletic director Mike Hill said in a statement. “His reputation is impeccable as a teacher, leader, assessor and developer of talent, and recruiter. Most importantly, he is a man of high character and integrity.”
Sanchez has been an integral part of two-time national coach of the year Tony Bennett's staff for the last 12 years, helping build Washington State and Virginia into national powers.
Virginia finished the regular season as the nation's top-ranked team, but became the first No. 1 seed to get upset by a No. 16 seed in the NCAA Tournament when the Cavaliers fell to UMBC.
Still, the Cavaliers won 31 games and Sanchez's overall body of work is strong.
He has spent the last nine seasons with Virginia, including the past three seasons as associate head coach.
“I have waited a long time for the right fit and I truly believe in the leadership of this department,” Sanchez said. “I cannot be more excited to get started. Obviously, I would not be here without the help of both Dick and Tony Bennett. I learned so much from them during my time at Washington State and Virginia. My wife and children are also very excited to be part of the 49ers family.”
Sanchez becomes the 11th men's basketball coach in Charlotte history and will have the task of rebuilding a struggling program. Charlotte has not won 20 games in a season since 2013 and has not made the NCAA Tournament since 2005.
Charlotte fired coach Mark Price in the middle of last season. Houston Fancher served as interim coach, but he was not retained.
During Sanchez's time at Virginia, the Cavaliers have won 212 games, three ACC regular-season titles and two ACC Tournament titles while making six appearances in the NCAA Tournament and one NIT appearance. The Cavaliers have earned a No. 1 seed in the NCAA Tournament three times. Virginia has won 29 or more games in four of the last five years.
Washington State played in the NCAA Tournament twice and the NIT once while Sanchez was an assistant coach under Bennett. Sanchez played a major role in the recruitment of Klay Thompson, who went on to become an NBA All-Star with the Golden State Warriors.
He also served as an assistant coach in 2013 for the Dominican Republic national team, which finished fourth at the FIBA Americas Championship and qualified for the 2014 World Championships, its first appearance at worlds since 1978.
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
OAKLAND — Stephen Curry is a two-time NBA champion, a two-time MVP and a five-time All-Star — but there's something missing from his otherwise impressive resume.
He's never won a Finals MVP.
Curry was asked Wednesday if that gnaws at him before the Warriors open their fourth straight NBA Finals against Cleveland on Thursday.
“It took to the second question of my first media availability, so I'm pretty sure that narrative is going to take life, as it has in 2015,” Curry said. “But it doesn't make or break my career or whatever you want to say looking back. If we win this championship and I don't win Finals MVP, I'm going to be smiling just as wide and just as big.
“But I'm going to play aggressively, confidently, with the right energy and motivation to help my team win. And usually when I'm in that mindset, good things happen. Whether that means it's a Finals MVP or not, who cares. But I'm going to be playing like it for sure.”
When the Warriors won the title in 2015, Andre Iguodala was named Finals MVP. LeBron James won that award when the Cavaliers won in 2016. And Kevin Durant won the honor in 2017 when the Warriors won again.
Curry, who missed the last 10 games of the regular season and the first-round of the playoffs because of a Grade 2 MCL sprain in his left knee, is averaging 24.8 points this postseason on 47.2 percent shooting from the field, 38.5 percent from beyond the arc.
In Game 7 of the Western Conference Finals against Houston, Curry had a monster third quarter to help the Warriors overcome a 15-point deficit, scoring 14 points on five-for-six shooting, including making four of his five 3-point attempts over those 12 minutes. He finished with 27 points on 45.5 percent shooting in the Warriors' 101-92 win.
Curry has been incredibly instrumental to the Warriors' success over the last four years, but he's never won the most important award on the biggest stage of the playoffs.
It doesn't bother him — but he knows it's something he's going to have to answer for yet again around this time.
“That's kind of the nature of the beast being on this stage four times in a row,” Curry said. “You've always got to look at what you don't have. There is always that thing about society always looking at can you attain more and more. That's fine. It's part of the beast.”
Like our Warriors Facebook page for more Warriors news, commentary and conversation.
By CAROLE FELDMAN and EMILY SWANSON | The Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — Americans overwhelmingly believe teachers don't make enough money, and half say they'd support paying higher taxes to give educators a raise.
The findings of the new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research come amid recent teacher strikes and other protests over low pay, tough classroom conditions and the amount of money allocated to public schools in several Republican-led states.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Tens of thousands of Arizona teachers voted last week to strike after rejecting an offer of a 20-percent raise, because it didn't include a vow from state lawmakers not to further cut taxes before providing more money for the state's schools.
“To educate children and barely get a living is obnoxious,” said Elaine Penman, a company manager in Tucson, Arizona, who added she and others went outside to cheer on protesting teachers who were marching by.
She's among the 50 percent of Americas who say they'd pay a higher tax bill if it meant more money for teachers.
“I'm a parent and I benefit directly from what teachers do,” said Penman, who has two children in traditional public schools and one in a charter school.
In 2016-2017, the average salary for a public school teacher was $58,950, down slightly from the previous year, according to the National Center for Education Statistics.
Overall, 78 percent of Americans said that's not enough. Just 15 percent think teachers are paid the right amount, while 6 percent think they're paid too much. In a 2010 AP-Stanford poll, 57 percent of Americans said they thought teachers are paid too little.
Americans in states with the lowest average teacher salaries — less than $50,000 a year — were slightly more likely to think teachers were paid too little and that the national average should be an important factor in determining salaries.
The AP-NORC poll found that parents and those without children are about equally likely to think teachers are paid too little. It's a sentiment that crosses party lines, too. Nearly 9 in 10 Democrats, 78 percent of independents and 66 percent of Republicans think teacher salaries are too low.
Slightly more than half of Americans — 52 percent — also approve of teachers leaving the classroom to strike in their search for higher pay, while 25 percent disapprove. Among those who say they've heard about the recent teacher protests, 80 percent say they approve of such tactics.
The recent run of teacher protests began in March in West Virginia, where teachers won a raise after going on strike. The strategy soon spread to Oklahoma, Kentucky, Colorado and Arizona, where educators joined together online and have held increasingly frequent protests during the past six weeks.
The poll found that 51 percent of Americans have been paying at least some attention to the protests. People living in states with the lowest teacher salaries were more likely to have heard about the protests than those in states with the highest teacher pay.
Related Articles Arizona teachers vote for statewide walkout
Long days and second jobs: How teachers get by
Charter teachers reach landmark deal with union
Ok. gov. compares striking teachers to teen who ‘wants a better car'
Thousands of teachers rally in Oklahoma, Kentucky Americans believe state and local governments share responsibility with teachers and their unions for the disruptions caused by the strikes. Vernita Grimes, 68, of the District of Columbia, said teachers aren't making enough money for the work they do and she supports them having the right to strike, “even though I know kids are losing valuable teaching time.”
But Caitlyn Scott, 27, of Kent, Ohio, said teachers are earning “about what they should,” and she opposes strikes by teachers.
“I think they kind of committed to being there for the entire school year,” she said.
Half of Americans would be willing to shoulder the cost of paying teachers more and providing more money to schools via higher taxes, with only 26 percent opposed. But while 69 percent of Democrats say yes to higher taxes for schools, only 38 percent of Republicans and 30 percent of independents say the same.
People living in urban areas are more likely than those in rural areas to support such a tax increase, 57 percent to 40 percent.
Stephen White, a high school teacher in Marysville, California, said raising taxes is “probably the only way” to pay for teacher raises. “Look at states that cut taxes and some districts had to go to four-day school weeks.”
That had happened in Oklahoma, where teachers staged a nine-day walkout earlier this month to protest the level of classroom funding.
White said he used to be anti-union when he worked in the private sector, but changed his position when he became a teacher. He said salaries don't take into account all that teachers do, especially outside the normal school day.
“The private sector makes double what we do,” he said. He acknowledged that strikes are disruptive. “We don't like that, but sometimes drastic times call for drastic measures.”
The AP-NORC poll of 1,140 adults was conducted April 11-16 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak Panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.0 percentage points.
On Sunday, United Airlines sparked widespread outrage after forcibly removing a passenger from an overbooked flight. Footage from the incident shows security officers ripping the man from his seat, slamming his head against an armrest, and dragging him from the aircraft.
The incident has since sparked backlash on social media, both for the way the security officials conducted the passenger's removal and for United CEO Oscar Munoz's subsequent response in a company-wide email, in which he seemed to defend the airline's actions.
“This situation was unfortunately compounded when one of the passengers we politely asked to deplane refused and it became necessary to contact Chicago Aviation Security Officers to help,” Munoz wrote before explaining that “employees followed established procedures for dealing with situations like this.”
Munoz has since apologized, and confirmed that the airline is working with the authorities to review the incident and “resolve this situation” with the passenger himself.
The controversy surrounding this incident, however, isn't likely to die down anytime soon. And while United's latest debacle involves some unprecdented circumstances, it's certainly not the first time shocking incidents involving passengers being forcibly removed from planes have been caught on camera.
Here's five of the most shocking instances in recent memory:
1. Woman dragged off Delta flight for skipping check-in
In December, police at the Detroit Metropolitan Airport were forced to remove a woman from her flight to San Diego, Calif., for failing to comply with proper boarding procedures. According to a witness, the woman didn't bother to check in with gate agents before boarding the aircraft and later refused to leave. Officers eventually dragged her off of the plane by her wrists.
2. Loud boombox leads to brawl on Spirit Airlines flight
Intoxicated passengers on a Spirit Airlines flight from Baltimore, Md., to Los Angeles sparked an all-out rumble in March 2016. According to a spokesman for Spirit, two intoxicated women were listening to their boom box a little too loudly for a couple of fellow passengers, who asked them to turn down the music. They refused and began taunting their fellow passengers by “holding up their boom box in the air.” Things soon got physical, as three other women approached the intoxicated passengers and began pulling hair and throwing punches.
3. Icelandair passengers duct-tape a man to his seat
In January of 2013, a 46-year-old man was duct-taped to his seat by fellow passengers after he reportedly tried to choke a woman in a drunken rage. Passengers aboard the Icelandair flight from Reykjavik, Iceland, to New York City said the man had also been spitting on people and screaming that the plane was going to crash. The man was taken into custody upon landing, but ultimately wasn't prosecuted because his fellow passengers never came forward to discuss the incident.
4. Couple arrested for getting “aggressive” on Delta flight
In December, a Delta flight headed for Los Angeles was forced to turn around and return to Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport in order to boot a woman and her boyfriend. According to a witness, the two reportedly “became aggressive” after the woman tried to use the bathroom during takeoff. Upon landing back at MSP, police tried to escort the couple from the plane, but they when the boyfriend took a swing at a passenger on the way down the aisle, officers were forced to restrain the couple. The couple was later charged with disorderly conduct.
5. Richard Marx helps subdue man on Korean Air flight
Also in December, “Right Here Waiting” singer Richard Marx reportedly helped subdue a violent passenger on a Korea Air flight from Hanoi, Vietnam, to Seoul, South Korea. According to Marx and his wife, TV personality Daisy Fuentes, the man became violent and started attacking the female flight attendants, who were “clueless and not trained” in how to subdue the man. Marx then says he and a few other passengers stepped in to restrain the man, tying him to his seat until the plane touched down in Seoul.
Video
Denis Black was placed in care when he was a baby in 1943.
Growing up, he always wanted a family, but there was no trace of any relatives. Until now.
He is 77 and has lived in various institutions, though for the last 12 years he has been in supported living in Newcastle, County Down.
His support worker, Jennifer Stone, started the process to find Denis' family.
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — Brazilian state authorities say at least 60 inmates have died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas.
State public security secretary Sergio Fontes says it's the biggest prison massacre in the state's history. And an unconfirmed number of inmates also escaped during the riot that extended from Sunday afternoon to Monday morning.
Two of the biggest crime gangs of Brazil began fighting last year over control of several prisons and authorities in Amazonas believe that's the reason behind the first riot of 2017.
Fontes says the inmates made few demands to end the riot, which hints at a killing spree organized by members of a local gang against those of another that is based in São Paulo.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
Mario Balotelli had an amazing second season with Nice, he scored 18 league goals, establishing his new career record.
Gagliardi Images / Shutterstock Empire State Building in New York City.
The Empire State index of manufacturing conditions in the New York area jumped to its highest level in more than two years in February, the New York Fed said Wednesday.
The index rose to 18.7 in February from 6.5 in January. That's well above economists forecasts of a reading of 7.5 according to Econoday.
Any reading above zero indicates improving conditions.
The internals of the report were also strong. The new orders index climbed to 13.5 in February from 3.1 in the prior month. Shipments rose to 18.2 from 7.3 in January. The unfilled orders index rose above zero for the first time in more than five years.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Russia has deployed a cruise missile in violation of a Cold War-era arms control treaty, a Trump administration official said Tuesday, a development that complicates the outlook for U.S.-Russia relations amid turmoil on the White House national security team.
The Obama administration three years ago accused the Russians of violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty by developing and testing the prohibited cruise missile, and officials had anticipated that Moscow eventually would deploy it. Russia denies that it has violated the INF treaty.
U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the missile became operational late last year, said an administration official, who wasn't authorized to publicly discuss the matter and demanded anonymity.
The deployment may not immediately change the security picture in Europe, but the alleged treaty violation may arise when Defense Secretary Jim Mattis attends his first NATO meeting in Brussels on Wednesday. It also has stirred concern on Capitol Hill, where Sen. John McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee chairman, called on the Trump administration to ensure U.S. nuclear forces in Europe are ready.
“Russia's deployment of nuclear-tipped ground-launched cruise missiles in violation of the INF treaty is a significant military threat to U.S. forces in Europe and our NATO allies,” McCain, R-Ariz., said in a statement Tuesday. He said Russian President Vladimir Putin was “testing” Trump.
Trump's White House is in a difficult moment, with no national security adviser following the forced resignation Monday night of Michael Flynn. He is accused of misleading Vice President Mike Pence about contacts with a Russian diplomat while President Barack Obama was still in office.
Meanwhile, a U.S. defense official said Tuesday that a Russian intelligence-collection ship has been operating off the U.S. east coast, in international waters. The official was not authorized to discuss an intelligence matter and so spoke on condition of anonymity. The ship had made a port call in Cuba prior to moving north, where it has been monitored off the coast of Delaware, the official said.
The New York Times, which was first to report the missile deployment, said the Russians have two battalions of the prohibited cruise missile. One is at a missile test site at Kapustin Yar and one was moved in December from the test site to an operational base elsewhere in the country.
The State Department wouldn't confirm the report. It noted that last year it reported Russia was in violation of its treaty obligations not to possess, produce or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile with a range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers, or to possess or produce launchers for such missiles.
“The administration is undertaking an extensive review of Russia's ongoing INF treaty violation in order to assess the potential security implications for the United States and its allies and partners,” State Department spokesman Mark Toner said.
John Tierney, executive director of the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation, said strategic stability on the European continent is at stake.
“If true, Russia's deployment of an illegal ground-launched cruise missile represents a very troubling development and should be roundly condemned,” Tierney said.
Sen. Tom Cotton, an Arkansas Republican, sees little reason for the U.S. to continue adhering to the INF treaty, in light of Russia's violations. He has recommended building up U.S. nuclear forces in Europe, which currently include about 200 bombs that can be delivered by aircraft. The U.S. withdrew land-based nuclear-armed missiles from Europe as part of the INF deal.
The treaty has special significance in the recent history of arms control agreements. Signed in December 1987 by President Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, it has been credited with helping accelerate an end to the Cold War and lessening the danger of nuclear confrontation. It stands as the only arms treaty to eliminate an entire class of U.S. and Russian weapons — nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles of intermediate range.
The Obama administration had argued for maintaining U.S. compliance with the treaty while urging the Russians to halt violations. At the same time, the Pentagon developed options to counter Russian cruise missile moves, some of which would have involved bold military action.
At his Senate confirmation hearing in February 2014, Ash Carter, who headed the Pentagon until last month, said disregard for treaty limitations was a “two-way street,” opening the way for the U.S. to respond in kind. He called Russia's violations consistent with its “strategy of relying on nuclear weapons to offset U.S. and NATO conventional superiority.”
ROME — An Italian tightrope walker has inched his way across the Tiber River in Rome.
Andrea Loreni's high-wire act drew gasps of delight from crowds watching from below on Sunday evening.
A safety cord connected Loreni to the tightrope wire that stretched 135 metres (450 feet) and was suspended 20 metres (66 feet) above the river near the Sant'Angelo Bridge.
Loreni told The Associated Press after his daring walk that wind, drizzling rain and “reflections on the water” made crossing difficult and he'd felt the urge to stop part-way at one point.
He said: “But, of course, you can't. You have to follow through to the end and use your senses to guide you despite the fear.”
Loreni added: “It's beautiful.”
1:12 This grandpa has been taking care of premature babies for 12 years David Deutchman's volunteer work with premature babies has earned him the nickname "ICU Grandpa." He cradles the weak babies, helping to give them the warmth and nurturing they need to properly develop.
1:02 8-foot python gets a CT scan After being discovered with injuries to its head and body in India, an 8-foot python was brought to a hospital, where doctors were persuaded to give it a CT scan. They were able to properly diagnose the reptile's injuries and treat them, helping the snake begin its journey to recovery.
1:03 Woman chops off man's penis before wedding participating in an arranged wedding, a 26-year-old man in India attempted to have one last rendezvous with his former lover. Unfortunately, she didn't react well to the upcoming nuptials and attempted to chop off his penis, although doctors were able to reattach the organ.
1:13 Bride's mother suggests they get down and dirty for wedding pics This newlywed Dutch couple went viral after staging racy wedding photos. In one pic, the bride is photographed on her knees in the woods, simulating oral sex. In another, the couple pretend to make whoopee in a pickup truck. The photographer, Michel Klooster , says the raunchy couple wishes to remain anonymous.
2:09 How does a bump stock work? Twelve of the rifles used in the Las Vegas massacre employed “bump stocks.” The legal accessory, which was relatively obscure until the shooting, attaches to the back of a semi-automatic rifle and greatly increases the number of rounds fired per minute, mimicking the frequency of a fully automatic weapon.
2:06 Couple claim to have orgasmed with God, a tree, and a thunderstorm Married couple Scott and Melanie McClure have a divine love life. "I can have an orgasm with a tree," says nature lover Scott. He and his wife had a particularly gratifying experience while on a camping trip. "I start vibrating and I realize my booty is vibrating and jiggling a lot," Melanie revealed to the New York Post. "I realize that I'm orgasming with the Earth." The McClures founded Ecstatic Hearts, a center for the Tantric arts in Texas. They now live in Los Angeles.
0:59 A real-life mummified head has taken London by storm Famed philosopher Jeremy Bentham's mummified head is being displayed at University College London, finally rejoining his preserved body. Bentham had wanted his body preserved so that it could be displayed and wheeled out at parties, but a problem with the mummification process resulted in the head looking somewhat ... unpleasant.
0:47 Baby cries whenever Celine Dion's 'My Heart Will Go On' plays Even though she's just a toddler, Vivien Mack has some very strong opinions when it comes to music. Whenever Celine Dion's hit "My Heart Will Go On" comes on, Vivien bursts into tears.
1:06 'Quickest man on Earth' trains the NBA and NFL Luis Badillo Jr. has some of the fastest feet on the internet. The Miami-based trainer sports nearly 350,000 followers on Instagram, thanks to his speedy stunts. Badillo's impressive list of more than 200 clients includes Isaiah Pead of the Miami Dolphins and 7-foot-tall NBA giant Timofey Mozgov.
NEW YORK (AP) The average time of a nine-inning game in the major leagues increased 5 minutes to 3:05 during the first two weeks of the season.
The figure, calculated by Major League Baseball on Monday, included 171 nine-inning games and was matched to a comparable period at the start of last year.
Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred proposed speedup initiatives, such as a pitch clock and limits on trips to the pitcher's mound, but the players' association did not agree to them. Management kept its proposals alive and can unilaterally change those rules for the 2018 season.
Last year's average for nine-inning games ended at exactly 3 hours, a 4-minute increase over 2015.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
Last year I graduated from nursing school and began working in a specialized intensive care unit in a large academic hospital. During an orientation class, a nurse who has worked...
The following land transactions were recorded in the Marion County Chancery Clerk's Office during the week of Jan. 22:
Jan. 22
• Wendy Fay Carmichael to Joseph M. Anderson, Tyler C. Anderson, Bryce H. Amacker and Grayson C. Amacker for property.
On this Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, photo, the lion heads of costumes are lined up on stage during the 11th International Lion Dance Competition in Singapore. This lion dace competition is usually held in a lead up to the Chinese Lunar New Year celebrated in Singapore. Lion dance is a traditional dance in Chinese culture and some other Asian countries in which performers from a lion dance troupe will mimic a lion's movements while dressed in a lion's costume. This is believed to bring fortune and luck. These performers from Vietnam, Singapore, Myanmar, Indonesia, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Malaysia gathered in Singapore to compete against one another and are judged on their skill, grace and musicality amongst other things. Wong Maye-E AP Photo
The prop of a landing Cirrus SR22 sliced through the roof of a Cirrus SR20 landing in front of it at a Florida airport on Friday
We earlier reported on the crash of two Cirrus SR-series singles, an SR20 and an SR22 at Lt. Kay Larkin Field in Palatka, Florida, which is about midway between Orlando and Jacksonville. The NTSB is investigating the crash.
A photograph of the planes after the accident, in which no was injured, showed the textbook signature markings of a prop slicing through the upper fuselage of the lower plane. The markings stopped just inches behind where the front seat occupants were seated. Reports were that there was no backseat occupant in the SR20.
The dramatic photo also showed that the whole-airplane parachute in the SR20 deployed, presumably upon contact with the plane landing on it. The usually invisible hatch that contains the rocket-powered chute was gone and there was sign of fire and/or smoke on the lower aircraft. There was also no sign of the cords that attach the chute to the plane, so it's likely the parachute never left the plane, again, presumably because it was trapped beneath the lower fuselage of the upper Cirrus.
Read our initial report here.
CAIRO — Archaeologists in Egypt say they have discovered a 4,400-year-old tomb near the pyramids outside Cairo.
Egypt's Antiquities Ministry announced the discovery Saturday and said the tomb likely belonged to a high-ranking official known as Hetpet during the 5th Dynasty of ancient Egypt. The tomb includes wall paintings depicting Hetpet observing different hunting and fishing scenes.
Mostafa Al-Waziri, leader of the archaeological mission, says the scenes depict a monkey — at the time commonly kept as domestic animals — reaping fruit and another dancing before an orchestra.
He believes Hetpet, a woman thought to be close to ancient Egyptian royals, had another tomb in Giza's western necropolis, which is home to the tombs of top officials of Egypt's Old Kingdom.
Al-Waziri says excavation work is underway for the other tomb.
FREMONT, Ohio (AP) — A man accused in the slaying of an Ohio woman whose body was found in her car trunk has pleaded not guilty to aggravated murder and other charges in the 2015 death.
Forty-eight-year-old Daniel Myers entered the plea Tuesday in a Sandusky County court. He also is charged with kidnapping, aggravated robbery and tampering with evidence in 28-year-old Heather Bogle's death.
Myers wasn't represented by an attorney, but the judge says he will need to decide whether to retain one or have one appointed. Bond was set at $2 million.
Bogle's body was found April 10, 2015, in her car trunk at an apartment complex in Clyde.
Authorities say the Fremont woman was shot and beaten and went missing after leaving work at a plant where she and Myers worked.
Saudi soccer team's refusal to honor London terror victims was despicable It wasn't so much unsportsmanlike conduct as sheer barbarism: On Wednesday, the Saudi Arabian men's national soccer team refused to observe a moment of silence for the victims of the...
Australia's gorgeous volley goal not enough vs. Netherlands PORTO ALEGRE, Brazil — The Netherlands had to work much harder for victory over the World Cup's lowest-ranked team than it did against the defending world and European champion. A...
How to watch Wednesday's World Cup games A rundown of the World Cup games to watch Wednesday: Australia vs. Netherlands Noon, ESPN at Porto Alegre Favorite: Netherlands It's hard to imagine the Socceroos with a tougher task...
Chile beats Australia 3-1 in World Cup CUIABA, Brazil — Alexis Sanchez produced a dynamic performance to lead Chile to a 3-1 win over Australia in the World Cup on Friday, scoring one goal and setting up...
How to watch Friday's World Cup games A rundown of the World Cup games to watch Friday: Mexico vs. Cameroon Noon, ESPN2 Estadio das Dunas, Natal Favorite: Mexico After needing help from the U.S. and a playoff...
Australia's best hope for World Cup? Their own Roo-ney Australia's secret World Cup weapon looks ready to hop into action. Roger the Kangaroo — not to be confused with England star Wayne Rooney — is in training mode at his home sanctuary...
No media conference, no new product launches, no appearance by Elon Musk -- yet Tesla Inc. was one of the biggest draws as China's biggest car show kicked off.
Local media and attendees swarmed around a blue Model X, a red Model 3 and a white Model S, with the Tesla stand gathering the largest crowds early on at the Beijing auto show even as Toyota Motor Corp. and Daimler AG were holding their media events elsewhere at the exhibition. Tesla is participating in the Beijing show for the first time.
The Tesla stand at the Beijing auto show. Photographer: Elisabeth Behrmann/Bloomberg
The event is a testing ground for Tesla as Musk's company works toward a push to expand in the world's largest electric-car market. Tesla will be one of the biggest beneficiaries of China's decision to begin permitting foreign carmakers to take full ownership of their local ventures, while reducing import tariffs.
The new rules are welcome for Tesla as so far, Musk hasn't been able to secure a deal to open an assembly plant in China even after negotiating with Shanghai's government for more than a year. The sides disagreed on the ownership structure, people with knowledge of the situation said in February.
At the Beijing show, executives from local and global rivals were among those checking out Tesla's stand early on on Wednesday, a spokeswoman for the company said. Tesla's expanded push in China would impact rivals from Daimler, Volkswagen AG and BMW AG to local contenders such as BYD Co.
Video
The US southern border and the people crossing it have become the subject of global headlines.
A new art installation by Oscar-winning Mexican director Alejandro González Iñárritu gives people the opportunity to see and feel what it's like to cross the desert at night.
Filmed and produced by Bill McKenna and Felicia Barr.
Music by Gene D'Andrea. Footage provided by Legendary Films.
Photos by Emmanuel Lubezki, Chachi Ramirez, Agatha Bacelar/Emerson Collective, with special thanks to The Emerson Collective, The Phillips Collection and Atlas Performing Arts Center.
Poland's nationalist government spent the past two years isolating itself within the European Union over everything from rule of law to refugees, but it just got a timely reminder of who its friends are.
The U.K. accused Russia of using a nerve agent to poison a former agent and his daughter this month and Polish officials are on the front line calling for its EU allies to unite and impose new penalties on freshly re-elected Russian President Vladimir Putin's government. They also want to halt the building of a Russian gas pipeline to western Europe that bypasses Poland.
While some of Europe's eastern nations cozied up to Putin, the only thing that's occupied Poland's foreign policymakers as much their drive to pull away from the EU mainstream has been the Kremlin's intentions for the region.
Jaroslaw Kaczynski Photographer: John Guillemin/Bloomberg
Jaroslaw Kaczynski, leader of Poland's governing Law & Justice party, blames Russia for the death in 2010 of his twin brother, the serving president at the time, in a plane crash along with many of the country's elite.
“The way the EU started dealing with the Russia nerve agent issue serves as a reminder that a strong EU is good for Poland,” said Judy Dempsey, a fellow at Carnegie Europe in Berlin. “Poland needs to decide where its interests lie. Perhaps it's about how, given its size, to regain influence in Brussels.”
Rhetoric Shift
First, Poland must meet Tuesday's deadline for Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki's cabinet to respond to recommendations made by the bloc's executive about how to resolve a standoff over Warsaw's power grab of the country's judicial system.
Yet there's been a marked change in the rhetoric, the leadership talking of unity rather than division in light of the accusations against Russia.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, speaking in Warsaw on Monday after meeting Morawiecki, said the EU should take “ strong and joint” action in the wake of the U.K. nerve agent attack, especially since there are “serious indications” that Russia was involved.
Hours earlier, Poland called on Germany to rethink plans to expand the Nord Stream pipeline carrying Russian gas to western Europe. The U.K. poisoning case marked a “new aspect of Russia's policy toward Europe,” Deputy Foreign Minister Konrad Szymanski said. “It's worth to again consider, in this context, whether Russia is a credible partner.”
EU countries may decide this week to impose new political or economic sanctions on Russia, whose Kaliningrad enclave borders Poland, according to Michal Dworczyk, who heads Morawiecki's office.
Tough Ask
That said, the imposition of extra sanctions against Russia faces significant hurdles.
The EU's foreign affairs chief, Federica Mogherini, said there was “full unity” during Monday's ministerial-level meeting in Brussels to condemn the nerve gas attack. But Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom said it was tough enough to get all member states to agree on existing measures over Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014.
“We of course know that it has not been easy always to get the unity to back up the sanctions that we already have decided on,” she said. “But I think the discussion today will give a good ground for further actions.”
Polish Measures
Another pending question is the action that still could be taken against Poland, the largest net beneficiary of the EU's budget, with 82 billion euros ($102 billion) in structural funds.
Morawiecki said he saw a “light in the tunnel” for finding a solution in talks with Brussels over the next two months. The European Commission has accused Poland of eroding the independence of courts by giving politicians more sway over the justice system.
The country also triggered international outrage this year with a new law criminalizing suggestions Poland was in any way responsible for the Holocaust.
Read More: a Q&A on Poland's Battles With Its European Partners
So far, Morawiecki's cabinet has shown no will to row back any reforms to win a truce with Brussels, in part because it knows that the bloc needs unanimity to impose sanctions on the government and that Hungary pledged to back Poland on the issue.
“It's probably a poker game where Poland wants to test the EU if there's unity and strong will to stick to the official EU line and go to the next step of the escalation, which in the end could bring sanctions,” said Jo Leinen, a German member of the European Parliament. “They're testing the EU how firm it is.”
— With assistance by Marek Strzelecki, Maciej Martewicz, Jonathan Stearns, and Patrick Donahue
HUMBLE, Texas (AP) – Court records show a Houston-area woman is accused of placing a plastic bag over the head of her 1-year-old son and sending video of the abuse to relatives because she was upset that the child's father had a new girlfriend.
Jamelle Peterkin, 23, of Humble appeared in court Monday on a charge of endangering a child.
The boy's aunt, Ra'Neicha Broadnax, told KTRK-TV in Houston that in recent days she received videos and pictures from Peterkin also showing the child being slapped.
Broadnax said Peterkin indicated she was angry about the father's new girlfriend.
Records show Peterkin also placed a plastic bag in the child's mouth.
The current condition of the child is not detailed in the report.
Online records don't indicate whether Peterkin has an attorney.
A pharmacy deliveryman, an insurer and a banker go into a meeting, and they come out feeling that today's health-care system is a disaster.
This isn't your average deliveryman, insurer or banker. These are three modern-day champions of business with the touch of genius. They are Jeff Bezos, Warren Buffett and Jamie Dimon.
After years of being suppressed by the Obama administration's mantra of government is the answer and business is evil, these three have stepped up to turn the health insurance world upside down.
Only under a pro-business administration could a plan to keep health care costs under control for no profit come about.
If you read between the lines, these three smart guys just screamed at the top of their lungs what everybody else in America already knows: “ObamaCare stinks.”
And that's despite two of them being big Obama supporters.
Together, Bezos, Buffett and Dimon employ more than 1 million Americans. With that kind of clout, they wield a lot of leverage.
Under ObamaCare, premiums, co-pays and deductibles have skyrocketed. Trump's rollback in the tax bill of the ObamaCare requirement that all Americans carry a policy or face a penalty will re-ignite some competition.
see also Amazon, JPMorgan, Berkshire creating health care company The billionaire leaders of Amazon.com, JPMorgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway...
Since the passage of ObamaCare in 2010, major insurance companies like Aetna and UnitedHealthcare saw their shares soar 400 percent to 700 percent.
For years I have written about the costs and failures of ObamaCare, but Bezos, Buffett and Dimon have the ability to take on the profit centers and deliver great care for less.
These three business titans will have their work cut out for them, but the mere fact that they can bond with a common cause and have the power to challenge the ObamaCare system says a lot about how much progress America is now making by embracing business interests instead of demonizing them.
55 upcoming sales you don't want to miss AG Adriano Goldschmied Woodbury Commons, 498 Red Apple Court, Central Valley, NY Sale: May 22-25. Buy two items save 20 percent; buy three or more items save 30 percent. ...
BaubleBar, Spring among the hottest sales of the week Aritzia.com Sale: Apr. 3-6. Up to 60 percent off spring/summer merchandise. BaubleBar 260 Fifth Ave., between 28th and 29th streets Sale: Mar. 31-Apr. 3. Tues. 1-8 p.m. / Wed.-Thurs. 10 a.m.-8 p.m. / Fri. 10 a.m.-7...
Carlo Pazolini, Reformation among the hottest sales of the week Aeropostale.com Sale: Dec. 26-Jan. 5. Get $10 off purchases of $40 or more. BaubleBar.com Buzz: BaubleBar, the on trend jewelry site, has recruited Jiff the Pomeranian, to model the newest category...
Over 40 Business Groups Sound Alarm Over China Tariffs
Trump's First Year: Bloomberg's Jodi Schneider reports on global finance chiefs being unusually blunt in warning that the U.S. had put the international trade order at risk as President Donald Trump pushes ahead with his “America First” agenda by imposing steep tariffs on steel and aluminum. Schneider speaks on Trump's First Year: Bloomberg's Jodi Schneider reports on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Asia." (Source: Bloomberg)
TOULOUSE scored five tries in the final 15 minutes to seal a 46-14 win and end Swinton's hopes of opening-day Championship success in the South of France.
Chris Hankinson kicked penalty goals either side of half-time to reduce the home lead to 20-14, but the visitors were unable to force a third try.
And a 65th-minute score by Stan Robin proved the catalyst for a late Toulouse points spree.
The home side drew first blood with an interception try by William Barthau, to which the influential Mark Kheirallah added the first of five conversions from nine attempts.
Tony Maurel went over after nine minutes to make it 10-0, and after Swinton's Josh Barlow spilled the ball as he surged for the line, Rhys Curran scored Toulouse's third, which Kheirallah improved.
Kyle Shelford pounced on Danny Ansell's kick through to get Swinton's first try – Hankinson converted – then Mike Butt took advantage of clever build-up play by Ansell and Hankinson.
Toulouse's Paul Marcon crossed after 36 minutes, but when Conor Taylor was taken out, Hankinson landed a two-pointer to reduce their lead to 20-12 at half-time.
A high shot on Josh Barlow allowed Hankinson to cut the deficit by another two points, but that proved to be Swinton's final score of the match.
After Robin gave his side vital breathing space, Maurel, Gavin Marguerite, Bastien Ader and Kheirallah all scored tries while Kheirallah added three more conversions.
Toulouse: Kheirallah, Marcon, Ader, Marguerite, Maurel, Barthau, Robin, Puech, Marion, Canet, Curran, Mika, Bentley. Subs: Kriouache, Planas, Hepi, Sangare.
Tries: Barthau, Maurel (2), Curran, Marcon, Robin, Marguerite, Ader, Kheirallah.
Goals: Kheirallah (5).
Swinton: Fell, Butt, Hankinson, Tyson, Worthington, Ansell, J Hansen, Bracek, H Hansen, Shelford, Lloyd, Sarsfield, Barlow. Subs: Davies, Partington, Worrall, Taylor.
Tries: Shelford, Butt.
Goals: Hankinson (1)
Penalty goals: Hankinson (2).
A full report from this game will feature in Monday's edition of League Express.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Preaching an environmental message to evangelicals is a bit like, as the New Testament says, casting seeds on rocky ground.
And few people know that better than atmospheric scientist Katharine Hayhoe, who recently ran into a pair of climate change skeptics while speaking at the Presbyterian Church in Granada Hills, California.
"These were two men who were leaning back and looking stern, with their arms folded across their chest and shaking their heads while I was speaking," said Hayhoe, who is both the director of the Climate Change Center at Texas Tech University and a pastor's wife.
"So I finally said, 'The real reason most people reject the science of climate change has nothing to do with the science and everything to do with the solutions ... they're afraid of having the government regulating their thermostat,'" she recounted.
President Barack Obama with Leonardo DiCaprio and Dr. Katharine Hayhoe at a climate change event on the South Lawn of the White House on Oct. 3, 2016. Carolyn Kaster / AP file
"One of the two guys said, 'Yes, that's exactly it!'"
Surveys show most evangelicals dismiss the issue in one of three ways: A liberal hoax, a hypothesis based on flawed science, or an affront to the concept of human existence based on God's intelligence design.
A 2015 Pew Research Poll, the most recent on the subject, found only 28 percent of white evangelicals believed that the Earth was getting warmer because of human activity — by far the lowest percentage of any religious demographic in the survey.
"[Much of the] theology doesn't work with the whole idea of climate change where humans can actually do some damage to the Earth against God's plan," Richard Flory, senior director of research and evaluation at the USC Center for Religion and Civic Culture, told NBC News.
Evangelical Christians don't have to wade too deeply into the Bible to find the verse in the book of Genesis that's often pointed to as addressing climate change: “And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness,” verse 1:26 of the King James Version states. “And let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.”
But it's the interpretation of the word “dominion” that separates the faithful who trust scientists' warnings that the Earth is in danger from human-caused climate change, and the vast majority of evangelicals who are left cold by the concept.
There's a lot of potential energy, politically speaking, in a demographic that includes 50 million Americans, according to a 2010 census by the Association of Religion Data Archives. At least for a movement that can inspire believers.
Dr. E. Calvin Beisner and his organization, the Cornwall Alliance for the Stewardship of Creation, for instance, believes that man-made climate change exists — but that doomsday scenarios of "catastrophic anthropogenic global warming" are exaggerated and unrealistic. The group also feels that any large-scale ban on fossil fuels would have a devastating effect on the poor.
"Evangelicals have a high regard for the Bible as truth revealed by God, and the worldview they derive from it affects how they understand everything," Beisner said by email, noting the difficulty of reconciling "infinitesimally" small changes in the atmosphere with having a huge impact on the planet. "[Especially] with the Biblical teaching ... that an infinitely wise God designed, an infinitely powerful God created, and an infinitely faithful God upholds the earth and everything in it, including its climate system."
But there are other evangelicals who embrace the climate change modeling that is treated as gospel by most major scientific organizations. And they are repositioning the debate towards the concept of "creation care" — the idea that humans are conscripted by the Bible to act as stewards for nature.
Yokogawa Collaboration Produces IIoT Architecture
Yokogawa Electric Corporation will work with Microsoft Corporation, FogHorn Systems, Inc., Bayshore Networks, Inc. and Telit IoT Platforms, LLC to integrate their technology into an industrial IoT architecture for the delivery of new services.
Yokogawa Electric Corporation will work with Microsoft Corporation, FogHorn Systems, Inc., Bayshore Networks, Inc. and Telit IoT Platforms, LLC to integrate their technology into an industrial IoT (IIoT) architecture for the delivery of new services. Through the architecture, business process applications can be configured that will enable plug-and-play sensors, sensing clouds with automatic provisioning, database clouds, historian (data storage) clouds and application development environments to work together. Yokogawa's Architecture Development Division California, which was set up in November 2016, will lead the undertaking. Yokogawa's IIoT architecture will integrate the cloud-based Microsoft Azure IoT Suite, FogHorn's fog…
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
2:01 Damage in town of Edisto Beach, S.C.
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:24 Dog rescued after being buried alive in Italian earthquake
DoorDash Inc. wants to be more than a meal-delivery service. The restaurant courier signed on to make fresh-food deliveries through a partnership with Walmart Inc., which is looking for ways to keep up with a heavy investment by Amazon.com Inc. in grocery delivery.
The world's biggest retailer started using DoorDash software to offer grocery items to some customers who place orders through Walmart's website and apps. The new service, which is only available in Atlanta to start, charges customers a $9.95 delivery fee on each order of at least $30 worth of goods. Customers can receive their purchases on the same day they order.
The market for grocery delivery has mainly been a race between Amazon and Instacart Inc., a heavily funded startup that has a delivery arrangement with Walmart-owned Sam's Club. Last month, San Francisco-based DoorDash got a cash infusion of $535 million led by SoftBank Group Corp. The investment, which valued DoorDash at $1.4 billion, is being put to use on high-profile partnerships like the one with Walmart and a hiring spree, said Tony Xu, the startup's co-founder and chief executive officer. This year, DoorDash expects to double engineering staff to 300 and sign additional retailers in the U.S. and Canada, he said.
Christopher Payne, DoorDash's chief operating officer, runs a unit developing software that retailers can integrate into their own sites and apps. Walmart is an important test case. “Meal delivery is really a small sliver of what we're working on,” Payne said.
Following Amazon's $13.7 billion purchase of Whole Foods last year, Walmart has been ramping up its grocery-delivery strategy. In March, the company said it would deliver fresh fruits, produce and pantry staples from 800 stores before the end of the year. It also works with Uber Technologies Inc. and Postmates Inc. to deliver goods.
The TBI issued a Tennessee Blue Alert on Wednesday morning for Steven Wiggins, a suspect in the shooting death of a Dickson County sheriff's deputy Wednesday morning. A Tennessee Blue Alert is similar to an AMBER Alert but is used when a law enforcement officer is killed or seriously injured in the line of duty.
Wiggins was described as a white man with dark hair, 6-feet, 1-inch tall and weighs about 220 pounds. He is suspected to be on foot and should be considered armed and dangerous.
Anyone with any information on Wiggins' whereabouts should call 911 or 800-824-3463.
The Hollywood Foreign Press is usually so eager to create buzz by awarding their Golden Globe to obscure nominees (“Mozart in the Jungle,” Best Comedy series, 2016). But this year, they're taking a page from September's Emmy Awards: They've all but repeated last year's ballot, with a few variations — some welcome.
The nominees for Best Drama Series repeat four out of last year's five choices (the winning “The Crown,” “Game of Thrones,” “Stranger Things” and “This is Us”) with one new entry: “The Handmaid's Tale,” which swept the Emmys in September with eight wins.
The comedy series contenders only repeat one nominee from last year, ABC's “Black-ish,” reflecting what has been a much-needed revitalization of the genre. The hit revival of NBC's “Will & Grace” will face off against Showtime's “SMILF,” Amazon's “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” and Netflix's “Master of None.”
The HFPA wisely avoided a PR disaster here by completely shutting out “House of Cards” and “Transparent,” whose stars, Kevin Spacey and Jeffrey Tambor, both previous winners in the drama (2016) and comedy (2015) categories respectively, are no longer starring on their shows following allegations of sexual misconduct.
It was a very good day for “Seventh Heaven” alumna Jessica Biel, who came back to TV in the unusual murder mystery limited series “The Sinner,” on the USA Network. Biel picked up a nomination for Best Actress in a Limited Series or TV-movie alongside “Feud” battle axes Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon and “Big Little Lies” California dreamers Nicole Kidman, who won an Emmy for her performance, and Reese Witherspoon.
“The Sinner” was also nominated for Best Limited Series or TV-Movie, up against big-budget blowouts such as “Feud,” Emmy darling “Big Little Lies” and HBO's Bernie Madoff movie “The Wizard of Lies.”
The other new nominees earned their place on the ballot in well-reviewed series. “Good Doctor” star Freddie Highmore could take the Best Actor in a Drama Series prize for his turn as brilliant surgeon who has autism. He's a Brit (the HFPA are serious anglophiles) showing his range (he previously starred as Norman Bates in “Bates Motel”) in a shamelessly awards-baity role.
Australian actress Katherine Langford is the surprise nominee as Best Actress in a Drama series for her role as a suicidal teen in the controversial Netflix series “13 Reasons Why.” Ignored by the Emmys, who gave this award to Elisabeth Moss for “The Handmaid's Tale,” Langford may give the HFPA a reason to do what they love to do best: create a new star with a shiny trophy. In addition to Moss, she will face off against Caitriona Balfe (“Outlander”), Maggie Gyllenhaal (“The Deuce”) and last year's winner, Claire Foy (“The Crown”).
The Best Actress, Comedy Series, category is truly refreshing, as nearly all the nominees are first-timers. Rachel Brosnahan scored for her star turn as a New York Jewish housewife who unexpectedly becomes a stand-up comic in “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel.” Her competition includes Frankie Shaw and Pamela Adlon, both playing beleaguered moms on “SMILF” and FX's “Better Things,” respectively, and Alison Brie on Netflix's “GLOW,” the series about women wrestlers.
Only Issa Rae from HBO's “Insecure” is a repeat from last year, and she didn't win then. Last year's winner, Tracee Ellis Ross (“Black-ish”) was left out, attesting to the influx of new talent.
“Will & Grace” star Debra Messing was also noticeably missing from today's list of nominees. Eric McCormack was the only nominated actor from that series, for Best Actor in a Comedy Series. His competition includes previous nominees Anthony Anderson of “Black-ish,” Aziz Ansari from “Master of None,” William H. Macy of “Shameless” (his fifth nomination overall) and previous GG winner Kevin Bacon of Amazon's new comedy “I Love Dick.”
The Golden Globes will air on Jan. 7, 2018 with Seth Meyers as the host.
A mysterious and worrying crack in Greenland's Petermann Glacier – one of the largest on the ice covered island – that connects the Greenland ice sheet to the Arctic Ocean has been photographed by Nasa. According to reports, the new rift is relatively close to another wider and longer crack, which has been slowly making its way toward the centre of the glacier from its eastern side wall, raising concerns about the possibility that part of the ice shelf is splintering off into the ocean.
The images show that the new crack has appeared at the centre of the glacier's floating ice sheet, which is considered to be an unusual location, raising questions about how its formed. The images of the new rift were taken by Nasa's airborne mission – Operation IceBridge on Friday (14 April) after Stef Lhermitte, a professor at Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands, first discovered the unusually located crack in satellite images and provided coordinates to Nasa scientists.
Trending: Secrets of Mongolian mummy buried in 'Adidas' shoes 1,100 years ago
The Washington Post reports that if the two rifts intersect, it could result in a single massive break that could eventually shatter it. However, this may be prevented, thanks to a medial flow line, which Operation IceBridge scientists said, may have a "stagnating effect" on the new crack, meaning, it advancement toward the earlier rift may be slowed or halted.
Lhermitte noted that satellite time series images revealed that the new crack has been growing since July 2016. Although scientists are not clear on what may have caused the new rift to form, Lhermitte suggested that whether "ocean forcing" – a phenomenon that occurs when warm oceam waters melt the ice from beneath – may be responsible for the formation of the new crack.
Don't miss: Can women really have 100 orgasms in a row?
View photos Nasa's captured photos of this mysterious and ominous crack in one of Greenland's biggest glaciers More
Nasa's IceBridge operation that collects and documents data from Greenland and Antarctica by flying instrumented aircraft over the ice at both poles, is aimed at understanding how the environment is changing at the poles. Scientists will now pour over IceBridge's latest data to understand what caused the latest crack in the Petermann Glacier and whether it may accelerate further changes to the glacier.
View photos Nasa's captured photos of this mysterious and ominous crack in one of Greenland's biggest glaciers More
You may be interested in:
Local cricket icon, Roger Harper, is a ‘Special Person'
Pull Quote: “I played almost all the sport and cricket was my first choice. I just had a natural instinct for sport. I followed my brother Mark around, who was cricket-crazy, and I believe that may have rubbed off on me…From the age of 7, I knew I wanted to be a professional cricketer.”
By Gordon French
Cricket is known as the gentleman's game because of the social skills it enhances both on and off the field.
Roger Andrew Harper, a former national and West Indies cricketer, still embodies the true spirit of the game, years after he retired.
In his prime, Roger was an efficient right arm off-spinner, a dedicated right-hand batsman and evoked descriptive words like magical when he nimbly moved his large frame across the field to take spectacular catches.
On a moonlit night at the Demerara Cricket Club (DCC), Roger interacts with several persons in the pavilion. By the bar, on a wall, hangs portraits of former great cricketing icons, including one of Roger that captures his full off-break action.
At 6'5”, he stands head and shoulders above most. DCC is home for Roger, who has played and coached at the highest level, across continents, for over 30 years.
GROWING UP
Born on March 17, 1963, Roger is the last of four children born to Lynette and Henry ‘Hank' Harper. He grew up in Newtown, and by the age of 12 moved to Queenstown, where he continues to reside.
Roger attended the Fountain AME Primary School in Queenstown, which now houses Queenstown Community High and later Queen's College. He vividly recalls, following his older brother Mark around the community.
It was through Mark, who also played first class cricket, that Roger developed his love for the sport, as the two would frequent the DCC ground.
“I played almost all the sport and cricket was my first choice. I just had a natural instinct for sport. I followed my brother Mark around, who was cricket-crazy, and I believe that may have rubbed off on me. We keenly followed the exploits of Sir Garfield Sobers and all the fantastic things that he did. And from the age of 7, I knew I wanted to be a professional cricketer,” Roger recalled.
Driven by his desire to play cricket, he recalled playing with many friends including Andrew Jackman, along with Stanley and Daniel Brown.
It was in the back yard of the Browns residence in Crown Street that the boys got together cut the grass and rolled out the mud to create a mid-size cricket pitch.
“We would bowl from just a yard away from the back fence. There was not much of a run-up, but we enjoyed playing there,” Roger said.
Every opportunity to play the game was seized by Roger. During the July August holidays, he and his friends played on the fringes of the DCC ground, because they were not yet of age to join the club.
He remembers distinctly that one day the groundsman named ‘Barrow' allowed them to play on the pitch.
“At first he said no when we asked to play on the pitch. Then he said he would allow us to use it if we helped him to clean the ground and roll the pitch for practice. I remember it was five of us, and he got so much help he didn't know what to do. We played on the pitch almost every afternoon where we got burned in the sun. All day we would be out there, once we had managed to do all that was required to clean the ground,” Roger recounted.
He said across his school life, sport played an important role, as every student was involved in extracurricular activities.
“In school you had to be involved in a lot of different things. You had to be involved in the music society, drama society or some extracurricular activity. It wasn't a case where we saw it as distracting you from academics. It was a way of enhancing you as a person. You would note that all the scholars of yesteryear were involved in the arts or sports. These days people make it seem like something so difficult to do, but then if you want to write 20 subjects, even though it is a lot of redundancy, there would hardly be any time,” Roger pointed out.
There was another important takeaway lesson from his early days at DCC playing at the side of the ground.
“We played with persons from all walks of life and you had to learn how to deal with each and everyone. You had to learn how to communicate and how to relate. On Saturday morning, if you didn't get to the ground on time you wouldn't be able to play. That was all part of the upbringing,” he recalled.
CATCH OF A LIFETIME
Roger's exploits on the field are well documented. Cricket fans still marvel about his run out of Graham Gooch in 1987 at the MCC bicentenary Test in front of an astounded Lord's crowd. Then there was the diving third slip catch off Dean Jones's edge.
The catch that really stuck for Roger is when he met his wife Sheran. The two met when Roger visited the former Sports Clinic on Home Stretch Avenue for physiotherapy on an injured finger. Sheran was his therapist and the two struck up a conversation.
“It wasn't one delivery. I had to do quite a bit of bowling,” he fondly recalled. He added, “We developed from there and 30 years on we are still going very strong.”
The union produced two boys – Richard, the older of the two, and Reginald. Although Richard played cricket briefly at Mae's School, both boys took a pathway away from cricket field. Richard is a law enforcement officer in England, while Reginald, who played Hockey for the Hikers, is practicing law in Fiji.
Roger was inspired to return home to contribute to the development of Guyana. He has been President of the Georgetown Cricket Association since 2010 and is currently a director of the Rotary Club of Georgetown which spearheads many community projects. He is also vice-president of DCC and previously served as the club's president in 2005.
Roger also attends St. Sidwell's Anglican Church.
He grew up in the village system where children are raised by the collective adults.
“If you knew you were doing anything you were not supposed to be doing, you would be praying that no one that knew your parents saw. Once someone is an adult they would tell you off if you were behaving in a manner that is not befitting. You respected that person. I think we have long gone past that,” Roger reflected.
CRICKET CAREER
After outstanding school cricket performances, Roger made his debut for Guyana U-19 in 1979. He was called up to the West Indies U-19 to play against the touring England U-19 team in 1980. Two years later, Roger captained the U-19 team on a successful tour of the UK.
It was during West Indies tour of India in 1983 that Roger made his debut at the international level – first in the test matches then in the one-day fixtures.
He was playing cricket in the cold conditions of Northern Ireland, in the North Yorkshire South Durham League to be precise, when he was named in the squad. It was a moment that he remembers well.
“I was staying with a family. I woke up, came downstairs one morning about 10 and the man of the house was sitting there reading the newspaper. He asked how I was, I said I am fine. He said fine, well come and take a look at this. I wanted to know what on earth he was talking about,” Roger remembered.
There was this little article on the West Indies squad to India.
“There amongst the names was my name. Then he said ‘what do you think about that?', but I didn't have an answer for him. I was happy, but a little surprised,” Roger stated.
Over his international career, he picked up 46 wickets at the test level, with best figures of 6 for 57. In the one-day format, Roger finished with 100 wickets, best figures of 4 for 40 and an economy rate of less than 4 runs per over. As a lower order batsman, he averaged 18.44 in 25 tests and 16.13 in 105 one day matches.
He didn't always bowl spin. While playing school cricket, Roger started out as a seamer, who experimented with a fast off-cutter by gripping the ball like a traditional off spinner, until he met Lonsdale Skinner, a former Guyana cricketer attached to the Ministry of Sports.
“This was first form at Queen's College. After watching me bowl for a little while he said I should focus on bowling off spin, and he believed that I would have a better future bowling off spin and from there on I just pursued it,” Roger related.
After a successful tour of Sri Lanka as Captain of West Indies ‘A' team in 1996, Roger walked away from the game as a player to take up an offer to coach the United States team which was part of the International Cricket Council (ICC)'s world cup qualifier tournament.
Roger was 33 at a time, the age when persons in today's game are still playing at the international level.
“I believe that in life when you make a decision, you have to try and make it work rather than keep looking back and saying what you should have done. Otherwise, you will always not give yourself the best opportunity to succeed at what you are doing because you would be spending some energy regretting and not focusing on what you have ahead of you,” he stated.
He has since coached the West Indies senior team from 2000 to 2003. He also coached Kenya and more recently, the Guyana Amazon Warriors in the Caribbean Premier League.
LESSONS ALONG THE WAY
While in Northern Ireland, Roger came face to face with some startling realities. During his stint there, the area was experiencing civil unrest. Blacks in the area were seen as soldiers participating in the struggle.
“I started to grow my moustache and my beard just to let people know that I was not a soldier. I didn't really fancy anyone using me for target practice. Right away I was exposed to a different life. I knew then that if I was going to pursue the path of being a professional cricketer that was part of it,” Roger reminisced.
His brother Mark, who was also playing for a club there, was about 20 miles away, and provided some company during the brutally cold and lonely days.
Roger learned another important lesson while playing in the leagues in Blackhall in North Yorkshire. The head of the family he stayed with was a coal miner who walked two miles to the coal pit. One shift, the ‘graveyard shift', started at 2 a.m.
“That guy would walk that two miles in the cold for the 2 a.m. shift and then down a pit about a mile deep. I sat there and listened to his stories. I said in my mind that if he could do that for a living, I am not going to complain about anything. Whether it is cold or damp, I will not complain. I will get on with it because there is no way I could do what he is doing, so let me be thankful and accept whatever the conditions are and get on with it.”
Roger said that in league cricket, the pro player is expected to perform such that if the pro made 100 runs and the team lost by five then the club supporters would say that pro should have made 105 runs.
“If you got six wickets and you failed to bowl the team out you should have gotten more wickets. That helped to develop that professional attitude and determination to overcome whatever the conditions are in life.”
STATE OF CRICKET
At a time when West Indies cricket is still searching for a pathway back to the dominant days in world cricket, former players who lived the glorious era have found a voice.
Roger believes that life is about cycles, but West Indies did not build on the successes of the previous years.
“I think we thought it just happened and would have continued. It was so wrong. The other countries learnt from us and they have not left it to chance, but made a science out of it, and even now we are still playing around with it.”
Harper believes player development is lacking and should start at the grassroots level as opposed to what obtains now, where players are making adjustments playing for Guyana or West Indies.
“It is important that you instill the right technical skills and certainly instill the right qualities in terms of attitudes and mindset, so that when a player gets to the international level you are not seeing things that should not be there,” Harper commented.
Asked about the players, who have been criticized for their role in the current state of West Indies cricket, Roger related that players are products of the society. He said that society has evolved and the standards which were upheld in years gone by are being frowned upon today.
“Our leaders have to set the example in terms of how they conduct themselves and in terms of their approach to things. You can't expect to get respect if you don't conduct yourself respectfully.”
Another factor is money, where previously players made money playing at the international level. Today, players make decent money at the club and franchise level with the advent of the T20 cricket leagues.
“Players have a choice of making serious money playing in these private leagues. Unless players feel comfortable; they feel welcomed; and the organization is really making an effort to ensure that they have every opportunity to succeed, then it would be unlikely that they will want to make the sacrifice to come on board,” Harper asserted.
He said regional cricket administration and governments can certainly improve the way former players are treated by getting them involved in terms of cricket development.
“In countries like England, Australia, South Africa and New Zealand cricket is more of an industry, because you don't have to work for the national organization to make a living in cricket. Clubs employ coaches; all the state teams are professional set-ups.”
“The clubs would employ coaches and pay them decent wages to coach and that doesn't really happen in the West Indies, so there is not much opportunity to make a living out of the sport unless you are at the very top end.”
FDNY won't back bill requiring childproof stove-knob covers A top FDNY official said Monday that his department can't support a proposed law requiring landlords to provide and maintain childproof knob covers on stoves because it would “very difficult”...
Bronx fire hero remembered for selflessness at funeral mass The nearly two months that passed since Private First Class Emmanuel Mensah died a hero in a Bronx inferno have done little to ease his family's pain. Mensah, 28, was...
$5 could have ‘prevented' Bronx fire — and saved 13 lives Five dollars could have saved 13 lives, according to the lawyer representing victims of December's deadly Bronx blaze. Attorney Robert Vilensky, who is preparing a lawsuit against the landlord of...
Victims blame child welfare agency for deadly Bronx blazes The mother of the 3-year-old blamed for last month's Bronx blaze that killed 13 people was “known to'' authorities and child-welfare workers for not watching the boy — yet the...
Bronx mom whose son started deadly blaze is 'hurting' The Bronx mom whose toddler son accidentally started the deadly Bronx inferno while she was showering is “hurting,” her distraught father told The Post Saturday. “She will have to live...
Death tolls in tragic Bronx fire climbs to 13 The death toll in last month's tragic Bronx apartment fire climbed to 13, police said Thursday. Francis Holt, 27, was taken off life support, adding one more fatality to the...
Neighborhood school mourns fire victims, including 7-year-old student Students and staffers at the neighborhood school near last week's deadly Bronx fire were grief-stricken Tuesday, their first day back since the blaze. “The teachers were looking [at the burned...
Alyssa Milano donates to funeral fund for Bronx fire victims Actress Alyssa Milano says she's kicked in some cash to help cover funeral costs for the 12 people who died in last week's Bronx fire. “I donated. Will you?” the...
HOUSTON - Founder of The Mommie Series, Misti Pace-Krahl shares all about the event that empowering women in all stages of motherhood, happening tomorrow!
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
BEIRUT — Gunmen early Saturday stormed an office of a Syrian paramedic group that is active in opposition-controlled areas, killing seven of its members and stealing two vehicles and other equipment in a northwestern region, the group and opposition activists said, while a suicide attack south of the country killed at least 23 rebels.
The Syrian Civil Defense group, more popularly known as the White Helmets, said in a statement that the attack happened in the early hours in the town of Sarmin.
A member of the White Helmets mourns as colleagues bury his fellow comrades during a funeral in Sarmin, a jihadist-held town nine kilometres east of Syria's northwestern city of Idlib on August 12, 2017. OMAR HAJ KADOUR / AFP - Getty Images
No one immediately claimed responsibility for the rare attack but it came amid tension in the area. Sarmin is in Idlib province, which witnessed clashes recently between al-Qaida-linked fighters and members of the ultraconservative Ahrar al-Sham group that ended with al-Qaida fighters capturing much of the region.
The al-Qaida-linked Hay'at Tahrir al Sham — Arabic for Levant Liberation Committee, and also known as HTS — said over the past weeks that its members have discovered sleepers cells of the Islamic State group who were planning an attack. Al-Qaida's affiliate, which used by to be known as the Nusra Front, has fought deadly battles with IS over the past years.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the seven were killed after being shot in the head, adding that the killings were discovered when volunteers from the White Helmets arrived to start a shift and found the bodies of their colleagues.
Related: White Helmets Video Shows Toll in Idlib, Aleppo of Syria Offensive
"Until now it is mostly likely a crime. It might also be an attack aimed to harm the image of the Nusra Front and to show that Idlib is not safe," said Rami Abdurrahman who heads the Observatory.
An opposition activist based in Idlib who has been providing The Associated Press with information about the province for years said the attackers used pistols equipped with silencers, adding that people living nearby did not notice anything unusual.
Members of the Syrian civil defence volunteers bury their fellow comrades during a funeral in Sarmin on August 12, 2017. OMAR HAJ KADOUR / AFP - Getty Images
The activist, who asked that his name not be used for fear of reprisals, said IS sleeper cells have been discovered in Sarmin. He added that most likely members of IS carried out the attack to show that Idlib is not safe.
The activist said the HTS-linked Judicial Committee is investigating the case.
Sarmin used to be a stronghold of the Jund al-Aqsa extremist group that clashed with al-Qaida last year before many of its members were allowed to head to areas controlled by IS, whom they are fighting now.
The Syrian first-responders have been known to risk their lives to save people from the civil war, now in its sixth year. The White Helmets group was widely considered likely to win last year's Nobel Peace Prize.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'White Helmets' Volunteer: Assad Troops Are Executing Civilians 1:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Elsewhere in Syria, a suicide attacker blew himself inside a training camp for the Army of Islam rebel group in the southern town of Naseeb, near the border with Jordan, killing more than 20 fighters.
The Observatory said Saturday that the Friday night blast killed 23 and wounded 20, some of whom were in critical condition.
Ahmad al-Masalmeh, an opposition activist based in the southern province of Daraa, said about 80 Army of Islam members were having dinner inside a tent when the suicide attacker walked in and blew himself up. He said 30 were killed, 20 were wounded and six are still missing.
No one claimed responsibility for the deadly bombing but IS has previously claimed such attacks.
Americans may claim to value privacy, but their actions suggest otherwise.
Nearly three-quarters of people (74%) in the U.S. believe it's “very important” to be in control of who can get information about them and 60% say they would never feel comfortable sharing their email contacts. However, the vast majority of college students (98%) gave away their friends' emails when promised free pizza, a recent study of 3,108 Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) students published the National Bureau of Economic Research found.
“Whereas people say they care about privacy, they are willing to relinquish private data quite easily when incentivized to do so,” the study's authors write. (The study's main focus was establishing a cryptocurrency community at MIT and measuring how students adopted the complex technology.)
However, it also included an experiment in which students were asked for the contacts of their closest friends. Half of the students were given a small incentive in the form of an order of pizza to share with friends and 98% of those shared emails. Fewer students — 94% — gave up friends' email addresses when not given any incentives. In the non-incentivized group, 6% input fake emails to protect their friends' identities. Not giving an email address was also not an option.
Don't miss: Instagram users admit they've created the most narcissistic social network on the planet
This isn't the first time a disparity between the beliefs surrounding privacy protections and the actions upholding them has been proven. More people than ever are susceptible to hacking and yet they routinely put their online privacy at risk by doing things like accessing public Wi-Fi or using weak passwords.
In fact, only 12% of internet users use any kind of password manager like LastPass or 1Password, which save complex passwords on a digital keychain to help people login securely, according to a report from security provider SplashData. Roughly two-thirds of respondents said they rely instead on memorizing easy passwords. Passwords “123456” and “password” topped the list of emails and passwords most frequently cracked by hackers for the second year in a row.
The latest study has a number of implications, researchers concluded, particularly in the realm of privacy policies and consent. Christian Catalini, an author on the study, said the results show people either overstate how much they care about privacy when asked in surveys or else that they do care about privacy but make rushed decisions online without considering future consequences.
“If the second [conclusion] is true, then it becomes important to rethink how 'consent' is given in all these applications, mostly to make sure that consumers are actually making a choice consistent with their preferences,” he said. “As more of our lives are becoming digital, making sure we have control over how and when our data is used will become more important over time.”
Borough Market Reopens After London Bridge Terror Attack
Traders held a minute's silence to pay tribute to the eight victims of the terror attack which hit the market and nearby London Bridge.
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) - Power company FirstEnergy Corp. says it is prepared to send in extra crews if needed to West Virginia and other states expected to get hit by heavy snow.
FirstEnergy says in a news release it has been in touch with contractors about the possibility of assisting with power restoration efforts.
The National Weather Service says up to a foot of snow is possible in parts of northern West Virginia starting Monday night.
The weather service says the weight of the snow on tree limbs and power lines could lead to widespread power outages.
FirstEnergy says the greatest impact is anticipated in Pennsylvania, Maryland, New Jersey and West Virginia. The utility has 6 million customers in the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic, including 542,000 in West Virginia.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Today I'm going to show you one small instance of taxpayer money being wasted.
Multiply this by a thousand times at hundreds of agencies and you'll understand why Washington's finances are such a mess.
You've probably already heard that the Trump administration is planning massive spending cutbacks at most nondefense-related agencies. In fact, Mick Mulvaney, director of the Office of Management and Budget, is reported to have sent a letter recently to all federal agencies telling them to prepare for big cuts.
And you probably also know that there's been enormous public uproar that some favorite government-subsidized organizations, especially in the field of health and the arts and humanities, are being unfunded. The Public Broadcast Service is tops among them.
This column is about “waste” and one agency's unwillingness to address the issues — even when confronted by its own investigators.
Back in early December, the Inspector General's (IG) office at the Commerce Department put out a memo with the innocuous title “Biweekly Reporting on Conference Spending by the Department of Commerce.”
Even if you could find this well-concealed memo, most of its contents are unintelligible. But the memo's intent was clear. It explained a series of “new policies and practices for conference sponsorship, hosting and attendance to ensure that Federal funds are used appropriately on these activities.”
Fair enough. That's a noble intention. In December, the IG knew President-elect Donald Trump was coming to town and that spending would be a big deal. So he tried to act.
The main problem addressed in the memo seems to be that when spending laws were changed a few years ago, the term “conference” was never clearly defined. Still, agencies are supposed to report any conferences that workers are attending that cost more than $20,000. Twenty freakin' grand!
Think of how many pleasure trips lightly disguised as conferences a federal agency can sneak in for under $20,000. But it's worse than that.
Government bureaucrats, being cunning individuals, learned how to get around that $20,000 rule.
Here are examples of what was going on.
The IG said that the US Patent and Trademark Office sent workers to a total of 36 conferences in 2015. Last year, that number sank to zero.
Did the USPTO suddenly stop sending workers to conferences in 2016? Well, not exactly. What the Patent Office did, according to the IG, was to stop calling conferences by their real name.
The USPTO was using an “overly broad” definition of what workers were attending, the IG said. How slick — and expensive.
The same thing appears to be happening at my least favorite government agency, the Census Bureau.
In 2015 Census sent workers to 14 conferences. In 2016, Census reported it sent employees to just three conferences.
Census explained that it didn't get some conferences pre-approved, determining it wasn't required for “meetings that were being held in regions throughout the year because they are considered Bureau employee training events.”
Sure! And Census wasn't just trying to get around the $20,000 rule? Or skirt oversight by government penny-pinchers?
As my regular readers already know, I've written a lot about Census and how it has a multibillion-dollar decennial census coming in the year 2020.
I've also written how government watchdogs don't believe that the 2020 census will come in on budget — or, for that matter, that it will accurately reflect what is going on in the American population.
The Trump administration, if it is serious about reining in government spending, needs to go after waste like the one I just described. But it also needs to look at all money that goes out of organizations like Census, especially on contracts that are awarded without competitive bidding.
Find and eliminate even a little of this waste, and things like PBS will be easy affordable.
BOSTON (AP) – Andrew Benintendi hit a go-ahead, two-run single as Boston scored three unearned runs following a dropped throw by second baseman Brad Miller, and the Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4-3 on Monday in the annual Patriots' Day game.
Benintendi had three singles in the 11:05 a.m. start, which coincides with the Boston Marathon, and the Red Sox won their third straight after losing the opener of the four-game series.
Knuckleballer Steven Wright (1-1) allowed three runs – one earned – and nine hits in six innings. He gave up four homers over 1 1/3 innings in his previous start.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Ambode supports SMEs with N1 billion
• Repayment complaint has been about 95 per cent
Over 1430 business owners got about N925 million yesterday from the Lagos State Government through the Lagos State Employment Trust Fund (LSETF) to grow their businesses.
Speaking at the cheque presentation yesterday, Governor Akinwunmi Ambode charged that board of the LSETF to ensure that about 20,000 businesses got a loan by the end of 2017.
Ambode, represented by the Commissioner for Wealth Creation and Employment, Mr Babatunde Durosinmi-Etti, said with the new disbursement, about 4000 businesses have benefited about N3.5 billion so far from the trust fund.
Providing a background to the new disbursement, Ambode said in January the implementation of the Employment Trust Fund programme commenced with the presentation of cheques in the sum of 900 million naira to 705 beneficiaries. “At that event, I emphasised the need for beneficiaries to ensure prompt repayment as this is the only way we can ensure that this programme is sustained and expanded. I am glad to note from the report of the Board that most of the beneficiaries including those whose applications have been approved on a monthly basis have started repaying their loans, expanding their businesses and creating jobs.”
An elated Ambode said one of the success stories of the programme is the achievement of one of the first set of beneficiaries, a company called Jand2Gidi, run by two young women, who invested their loan in buying motorcycles for their delivery men, and hired people to operate those motorcycles.
“Not only are they repaying their loan, they have also created at least 10 direct jobs for Lagos residents, thereby increasing the economic activity across the State. We eagerly expect to celebrate many more success stories like this.”
“My charge to the Board today is that we increase the pace of work, and ensure that by the end of 2017, at least 20,000 businesses would have benefited from the loan program. I am very confident that this is achievable, as we remain committed towards fulfilling the promise to support at least one hundred thousand (100,000) micro, small and medium enterprises by 2019.”
The governor however encouraged the new beneficiaries and potential beneficiaries to emulate those who are repaying their loans, thereby ensuring the success of the programme.
“It is only when you pay your loans back, and grow your businesses, that we can truly celebrate the success of this program. Your success is our success, and together we will grow Lagos State's economy and create jobs for our residents.
“This initiative is another example of taxpayers' money working for the people. I cannot thank enough all tax paying citizens for providing the resources from which the State government contributes 6.25billion naira tranches annually to the 25billion naira Employment Trust Fund. I urge everyone with existing business or desirous of starting one to take advantage of this opportunity. The process of assessing and selecting beneficiaries will continue to be transparent and meet globally acceptable standards.”
The Executive Secretary of the LSETF, Akin Oyebode Jr said that his agency is happy that 95 percent of the beneficiaries are complying with repayment plan.
One of the beneficiaries, Mr James Odia, who trades in computer and appliances, thanked the governor for coming up with the programme. He said the N5million loan, which he is expected to repay within three years, would be a good shock absorber for his business that is experiencing a down turn due to forex issues and economic recession.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Video
The prime minister should be challenging the "divisive and damaging" policies of the US president rather inviting him for tea and cakes at Downing Street, a Labour MP said.
Theresa May told Roberta Blackman-Woods that the best way to challenge Donald Trump was to "sit down and talk to him".
Prime Minister's Questions: The verdict
NEW YORK - With European and US lawmakers calling for investigations into reports that Facebook user data was accessed by UK based consultancy Cambridge Analytica to help President Donald Trump win the 2016 election, investors are asking even more questions about the social media company's operations.
An increasingly vocal base of investors who put their money where their values are had already started to sour on Facebook, one of the market's tech darlings.
Facebook's shares closed down nearly 7.0 percent on Monday, wiping nearly $40 billion off its market value as investors worried that potential legislation could damage the company's advertising business.Facebook Inc Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg is facing calls from lawmakers to explain how the political consultancy gained improper access to data on 50 million Facebook users.Cambridge Analytica said it strongly denies the media claims and said it deleted all Facebook data it obtained from a third-party application in 2014 after learning the information did not adhere to data protection rules."The lid is being opened on the black box of Facebook's data practices, and the picture is not pretty," said Frank Pasquale, a University of Maryland law professor who has written about Silicon Valley's use of data.The scrutiny presents a fresh threat to Facebook's reputation, which is already under attack over Russia's alleged use of Facebook tools to sway US voters with divisive and false news posts before and after the 2016 election."We do have some concerns," said Ron Bates, portfolio manager on the $131 million 1919 Socially Responsive Balanced Fund, a Facebook shareholder."The big issue of the day around customer incidents and data is something that has been discussed among ESG (environmental, social and corporate governance) investors for some time and has been a concern."Bates said he is encouraged by the fact that the company has acknowledged the privacy issues and is responding, and thinks it remains an appropriate investment for now.Facebook said on Monday it had hired digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg to carry out a comprehensive audit of Cambridge Analytica and the company had agreed to comply and give the forensics firm complete access to their servers and systems."What would be a deal-breaker for us would be if we saw this recurring and we saw significant risk to the consumer around privacy," said Bates.More than $20 trillion globally is allocated toward "responsible" investment strategies in 2016, a figure that grew by a quarter from just two years prior, according to Global Sustainable Investment Alliance, an advocacy group.New York City Comptroller Scott Stringer, who oversees $193 billion in city pension fund assets, said in a statement to Reuters on Monday that, "as investors in Facebook, we're closely following what are very alarming reports."Sustainalytics BV, a widely used research service that rates companies on their ESG performance for investors, told Reuters on Monday it is reviewing its Facebook rating, which is currently "average.""We're definitely taking a look at it to see if there should be some change," said Matthew Barg, research manager at Sustainalytics."Their business model is so closely tied to having access to consumer data and building off that access. You want to see that they understand that and care about that."ESG investors had already expressed concerns about Facebook before media reports that Cambridge Analytica harvested the private data on Facebook users to develop techniques to support Trump's presidential campaign.Wall Street investors, including ESG funds, have ridden the tech sector to record highs in recent months, betting on further outsized returns from stocks including Facebook, Apple Inc and Google parent Alphabet Inc.Jennifer Sireklove, director of responsible investing at Seattle-based Parametric, a money manager with $200 billion in assets, said an increasing number of ethics-focused investors were avoiding Facebook and other social media companies, even before the most recent reports about privacy breaches.Parametric held a call with clients on Friday to discuss concerns about investing in social media companies overall, including Google."More investors are starting to question whether these companies are contributing to a fair and well-informed public marketplace, or are we becoming all the more fragmented because of the ways in which these companies are operating," she said.
Iranian leader vows response to Trump's 'psychotic episodes' Iran's leading mullah blasted an “unstable” President Trump​ ​for grandstanding when he tweeted support for protesters rallying against the government during days of unrest​ that rocked the Islamic Republic.​ “​T​his...
Iranian lawmaker claims 3,700 were arrested during protests TEHRAN, Iran — An Iranian reformist lawmaker said Tuesday that some 3,700 people were arrested in the days of protests and unrest that roiled Iran over the past two weeks,...
Iran claims US tried to use protests to overthrow regime BEIRUT — Iran has foiled attempts by its foreign enemies to turn legitimate protests into an insurgency to overthrow the Islamic Republic, supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Tuesday....
Pro-regime, anti-American rallies pop up across Iran Tens of thousands of people held pro-government rallies across Iran on Wednesday, with some shouting “Death to American mercenaries” in an apparent move by the country's ruling mullahs to blunt...
Iran's leader blames 'enemies' for anti-government protests Iran's top mullah on Tuesday blamed the widespread protests that have left at least 21 people dead on “enemies of Iran” — and a top justice official said demonstrators were...
With the new protests in Iran, this is no time for the West to stay quiet Like New Yorkers, Iranians were out on the streets over New Year's — except rather than braving ever-dropping temperatures, they faced tear gas, nasty riot cops and bullets. Think we've...
Khamenei: Iran will 'shred' nuclear deal if US backs out Iran's supreme leader on Wednesday said his country wants to adhere to the 2015 nuclear accord, but warned that if President Trump pulls out of the deal Tehran will “shred”...
Iran's supreme leader slams US sanctions, vows to continue missile program TEHRAN, Iran — Iran's supreme leader on Thursday slammed the new US sanctions on Tehran signed by President Donald Trump the previous day, and vowed his country would continue its...
Iran's set to choose another angry president What a surprise: Iran's presidential election, scheduled for the weekend, is trending just the way Tehran's powers-that-be like it — that is, a hardliner, Ebrahim Raisi, is on course to...
#BBNaija: Alex reveals why she will choose to date Leo instead of Tobi
Alex has revealed that she would prefer to date her first strategic partner Leo, over Tobi.
Alex, who was paired with Leo and Tobi in the just concluded reality show, said she prefers Leo because she loves everything about him.
She said although Tobi is a very caring person, she will sadly pick Leo over him.
”I cannot explain what it is about Leo that I love but I know I love everything about him.
”Tobi is a caring person, he can go all out to do anything as long as he likes you, he is a really nice person.
”There is a lot I like about the both of them but if I am to pick between Leo and Tobi, sadly I will pick Leo over Tobi”.
She said this in an interview with Africa Magic TV before leaving South Africa.
We can only hope that now that they are back in Nigeria and upon seeing the massive love Tobi's family and fans are showing her, things has already changed from her end…LOL!
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post #BBNaija: Alex reveals why she will choose to date Leo instead of Tobi appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:17 Adam Gase discusses Dolphins loss against the Patriots
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
1:52 Adam Beasley recaps Dolphins' loss against the Patriots
1:07 Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase talks about having a healthy team
0:57 Dolphins defensive coordinator discusses Dion Jordan
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
Google's Pixelbook is a far cry from those cheap Chromebooks you can pick up on impulse. It can be hard to justify the base model Pixelbook, let alone the $1,649 premium model. That version of the device is a bit cheaper today, though. If you were already looking at the Pixelbook, maybe this will convince you to step up to the best version.
The high-end Pixelbook is currently on sale for $1,499 via Amazon and ABT. This model has a Core i7 processor, 512GB of storage, and 16GB of RAM. This hardware would be plenty powerful for a workhorse Windows machine, so it really tears through Chrome OS. This device is also the first to get new Chrome OS features if you run it on the beta or dev channel.
This $150 discount isn't the best we've seen—there was a $250 off sale a few weeks back. Still, $150 off isn't bad. We're only seeing those two retailers offer this price so far, but you should be able to get others to offer a price match.
The fatal accident involving an Uber Technologies Inc. self-driving vehicle is the most significant involving autonomous-driving technology since a Tesla Inc. driver's death touched off months of finger-pointing and set back the company's Autopilot program.
Tesla came under intense regulatory scrutiny after an Ohio man died using the company's Autopilot driver-assistance system in May 2016. Mobileye, which supplied image-sensing equipment to the electric-car maker, cut ties in an ugly and public breakup. Tesla transitioned to new hardware in October of that year that disabled its cars' capability to automatically brake in emergencies for months. Autopilot also stopped allowing drivers to ignore repeated warnings to keep their hands on the wheel.
Uber has now landed in the crosshairs of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and National Transportation Safety Board -- two agencies that probed Tesla -- after a Volvo XC90 equipped with Uber software struck a female pedestrian in Tempe, Arizona. Volvo Cars and Toyota Motor Corp., which was also planning to team up with Uber, have yet to say whether the fatal crash that happened Sunday will have long-term impact on their respective partnerships.
Israel and the Hamas rulers of Gaza have reached a ceasefire in this week's exchange of mortar fire and air attacks.
Left out of the equation is the party Israel says ultimately is calling the shots: Iran.
Both Hamas and its ally Islamic Jihad are inspired by and closely coordinate with Tehran. And the mullahs are looking for ways to recover their mojo after President Trump's withdrawal from the nuclear deal.
This month, Iran's Revolutionary Guard fired 32 rockets from Syria toward the Israeli-controlled Golan Heights. This week, Islamic Jihad launched some 200 mortar shells at communities in southern Israel.
It was by far the largest attack from Gaza since the 2014 war. In retaliation, Israel bombed dozens of Hamas and Islamic Jihad targets, including a terrorist supply tunnel, drone facilities, weapons caches and a rocket-making plant.
And rightly so. As UN Ambassador Nikki Haley told the Security Council Wednesday: “Who among us would accept 70 rockets launched into your country? We all know the answer to that: No one would.”
Hamas' decision to stop the attacks suggests it means to avoid another war, one that might well end its control of Gaza.
But Iran, an Israeli defense official said Wednesday, “doesn't want stability.” No: It wants to send its own message to “deter people from putting more pressure on them.”
It isn't working. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vows that Israel will continue to pursue Iran and its terrorist proxies and make them “pay dearly.” Which is the most important message of all.
Singer considers suing AbbVie for killing drug merger Hell hath no fury like a hedge fund mogul losing money. Billionaire hedgie Paul Singer, stung by the busted $50 billion AbbVie-Shire drug merger in October, is not taking the...
Fees mounting on AbbVie Drugmaker AbbVie is expected to report Friday that it is not only paying a $1.6 billion break-up fee for terminating the year's biggest merger but a currency hit related to...
Onus is on AbbVie investors to manage risk: Tilton AbbVie lead board director Glenn Tilton has a message for John Paulson and the other hedge fund investors who lost billions when the drug company terminated what would have been...
Hedge fund mogul Eric Mindich escaped AbbVie deal At least one prominent hedge fund mogul who played the now-busted $55 billion AbbVie-Shire deal got out in the nick of time, The Post has learned. Eric Mindich, one of...
The U.S. stock market has been in a pronounced uptrend of late, with a number of companies seeing particular gains on the back of strong quarterly earnings. However, the stocks that have lagged the market ahead of quarterly results could be the ones offering the most opportunity, Goldman Sachs wrote on Wednesday.
In a note written by options strategist Katherine Fogertey, Goldman recommended buying call options on stocks that had underperformed the broader market by at least 3% in the two weeks ahead of their quarterly earnings release. “We have found that over the past 20 years, stocks that underperform have had a tendency to stage relief rallies on reported earnings,” the note said. “This bias in the market has made buying calls on these stocks particularly profitable.”
For the fourth-quarter earnings season, investors who bought the closest out-of-the-money call five days ahead of the earnings date, and closed it the day after, returned 24% on such stocks. “This is above the 1996 [to] present average of 18%,” Goldman wrote.
The investment bank wrote that this method was one of “our two favorite earnings strategies,” along with buying straddles—wherein an investor buys a bullish call option and a bearish put option at the same strike price, betting that a stock will move by a certain amount, rather than in a particular direction.
Goldman named five companies that fit the criteria for the “underperformer” trade: Kroger Co. KR, +0.17% , Southern Co. SO, -0.94% , Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. ALXN, +0.36% , Charter Communications Inc. CHTR, +0.30% and Stillwater Mining Co. SWC, +0.15% .
In the case of Kroger, Goldman expects the company's earnings to top expectations due to a stock-repurchase program, it said. The bank also said the grocery-store chain's outlook would be “better than feared.”
Thus far this year, Kroger shares are down 4.2%, compared with a 4.4% gain for the S&P 500 SPX, +0.11% .
NYC could make pre-school teachers help kids brush teeth Reading, writing and . . . fighting cavities. Preschool teachers would have to help kids brush their teeth under a new proposal by the city Board of Health, the agency...
Restaurant group 'salty' about Board of Health's sodium rule An industry group sued the city Thursday challenging a new rule that requires chain restaurants to post warnings on foods loaded with salt. The National Restaurant Association says that only...
Restaurant group sues city over salt warnings An industry group sued the city Thursday challenging the new rule that requires chain restaurants to post warnings on foods loaded with salt. The National Restaurant Association says that only...
New York City's war on salt — and science The city Board of Health last week voted to order restaurants to put salt warnings on menus — even though the science behind salt-phobia is in serious question. Isn't the...
NYC fails to overturn ferret ban City health officials failed to overturn a 16-year ban on ferrets Tuesday — saying they were fearful the critters could weasel their way through crevices and escape because of their “unique...
State's top court eyes Board of Health's goal to ban large sugary drinks ALBANY — Lawyers for New York City argued before the state's highest Court Wednesday that the Board of Health has sweeping powers allowing it to restrict the size of sugary...
This summer's largest gathering will make Woodstock look like a backyard barbecue and divide the nation into two parties: those who see it, and those who don't.
On Mon., Aug. 21, at precisely 10:16 a.m. PDT, the shadow of the moon will touch down in Lincoln City, Ore., marking the landfall of a total solar eclipse that will cross 14 states, all the way past the South Carolina shoreline and into the Atlantic. (The last time such an event happened coast to coast was in 1918.)
Some 12.2 million people live within the 70-mile-wide band where the eclipse will be total — and millions more are expected to travel to witness it firsthand. From Oregon to South Carolina, hotel bookings have skyrocketed. Charleston, SC (where totality will be visible for more than a minute), is almost at capacity, with some lodgings having sold out two months ago. In Oregon, cases of motels dropping reservations and then attempting to resell them for up to $1,000 a night have gotten so bad that the state's attorney general has opened an investigation.
“If we have some good weather, it will absolutely be the most viewed total eclipse in human history,” said Fred Espenak, a retired NASA astrophysicist who has witnessed 20 total solar eclipses.
From the ancients who feared eclipses as a sign of heavenly portent to the scientists who revel in the moon's shadow, the celestial spectacle has always been universally astonishing and magnificent.
“If you've never seen one, there's nothing you can use as a precedent,” said Joe Rao, meteorologist for Verizon FiOS1 in Westchester County, who has seen 11 eclipses. “It's so different . . . from anything you've ever experienced.”
Another thing that will be unprecedented: the traffic. Two-thirds of America lives within a day's drive of the path of totality, and highways could turn into the Great American Traffic Jam. For a New Yorker, the fastest route to totality is a 10-hour drive down I-95 to the vicinity of Santee, SC. The problem is that that's also the “fastest” route to the eclipse zone for 74.4 million other people along the Eastern Corridor. As Espenak put it: “Surfaces are gonna be stressed.”
In New York City, the eclipse will be only partial, with the moon covering 75 percent of the sun at 2:44 p.m.
While you'll technically be able to witness it from any spot where the sun is visible, prime viewing spots include city parks, where amateur astronomers are sure to be out in force with their telescopes. The Hayden Planetarium will also be hosting a live broadcast of the event.
The last time the heavens gave NYC a total solar eclipse was on Jan. 24, 1925 — an event dubbed the “96th Street Eclipse.”
“They called it that because the southern edge of the eclipse passed over 96th Street in Manhattan,” said Rao. “Anyone north of that street saw a total eclipse. Anyone south of it saw 99.9 percent.”
We know that because ConEdison conducted an experiment during the eclipse, posting workmen on rooftops in an attempt to determine exactly where the line between totality and partiality fell.
“The guy who was at 220 Riverside Drive said he saw a dot of light during the peak of the eclipse. The person at 230 Riverside Drive said that he saw all of the sun covered,” explained Rao.
The weeks leading up to that event were filled with excitement, speculation and anxiety. Worried that the sudden darkness would spark a rise in holdups, the city's lighting officials decided to turn on the streetlights north of 72nd Street. Extra cops were ordered for uptown.
On the morning of the eclipse, the normal commute reversed: The million people who normally came down from uptown and the Bronx stayed put. A million from Brooklyn and lower Manhattan trekked north.
“The moon dropped over like an ominous curtain,” The Post reported of the 30-second totality. “It was as if the black-hand of fate had snuffed man's solar candle. And suddenly the watching thousands realized the wonder of the universe and the weakness of little men.”
Observers south of 96th Street saw a brilliant burst of sunlight emanating from behind the moon's light-ringed edge — giving birth to the term “the diamond ring effect.”
Even Mayor John F. Hylan, running for a third term, tried to capitalize on the event by staging a campaign speech that day. But he scheduled it to take place during the actual eclipse and at City Hall — more than six miles south of the prime viewing area uptown. He later lost the election.
Notes Rao: “Mayor Hylan was not known to be very intelligent.”
For more info, visit Eclipse2017.NASA.gov and GreatAmericanEclipse.com.
Every child in public school to get needed textbooks by Q2, 2018 – UBEC
The Universal Basic Education Commission (UBEC) will supply all textbooks needed by every Nigerian child in public basic schools before the end of second quarter (Q2), 2018.
Hamed Bobboyi, executive secretary of the Commission, said this in Abuja while speaking with journalists on the need to focus on Nigerian child and improve on quality of public basic schools across the country.
“By second quarter of next year, we would have supplied every textbook that is needed by every Nigerian child in public schools. There is need to focus on Nigerian child. It is the responsibility of the Federal Government to make sure that textbooks are supplied to the children in public schools. The distribution will not be done on pro-rata or instalmental basis,” the executive secretary said.
He said not only Mathematics and English language textbooks would be supplied but all other core subjects inclusive.
Speaking on quality in public basic schools, the UBEC executive secretary said quality must not be neglected, and emphasised the need to institute model public schools where states would ensure right teacher ratio to pupil ratio, adequate availability of instructional materials and usage of modern technologies like smart boards.
He lamented the high figure of out-of-school children, saying Nigeria ought to be in the class of Malaysia and Korea on basic education system, and stressed the need to build an entire different system whereby ideas of modern public schools with quality would be mainstreamed in the Nigerian basic school system.
“Realising this will be new phase for basic education for the future of Nigeria. We need to build an entire different system, the kind of institutions that can move the entire education system forward in Nigeria. The world is moving and nobody is waiting for us, and UBEC is worried that we are lagging behind,” the executive secretary said.
“Nigerians need to believe in our system, we have the capacity, the human resources and if we judiciously use the funds made available, we will move Nigeria to the cadre of Pakistan and Malaysia,” he said.
Bobboyi also identified the need to build the Nigerian Education Sector on strategic plan, noting that there was a need to develop plans to address key challenges facing basic education system in Nigeria.
“We need to be frank and address the key challenges, our hope is that all state universal basic education boards by the next one month will submit their strategic plan for further review by UBEC,” he said.
The post Every child in public school to get needed textbooks by Q2, 2018 – UBEC appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A recent Dáil question has highlighted the drop in Garda numbers allocated to Clane garda station, and indeed other stations in the county.
The Minister for Justice was asked about the numbers of Garda assigned to each station in the county from 2010 to last year and if the Minister would make a statement on the matter.
He was informed, as is usual in these matters, that numbers are a matter for the Garda Commissioner, not the Minister. But did say that 31 civilians and 20 reserves were added to the 352 Gardai recorded in 2017, up from 323 in 2010.
In Clane, in the Naas Garda District, there were 10 Gardai in 2010 and 11 in 2009, nine in 2012 and eight in 2013. In 2014, the number dropped to seven, where it remains.
Nearby Robertstown had five Gardai in 2010 ands this fell to two in 2017. In Carbury, the number jumped from 4 to 7 over the same period and in Naas from 101 to 115.
SEE ALSO: POLL: Vote for Kildare's Top Memorable Sporting Moment
A long-term funding plan for the NHS would be welcome, but will not be enough to keep us healthy. Instead, the sort of local services which councils provide are key – and funding must be provided for them
Follow @insidefutbol
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says there is no update on his future, following the Gunners beating Middlesbrough 2-1 this evening.
Wenger is out of contract with Arsenal at the end of the season and has not announced whether he will sign a new contract, though he has claimed he already knows what he will do.
The Frenchman is keeping fans waiting to see whether he will stay and he again refused to confirm what he will do after the win at Boro.
Wenger was asked on Sky Sports whether there is any update on his future, and he replied simply: "No."
With on the pitch matters, Wenger was pleased with how his side responded in a difficult period, with goals from Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil proving too much for Boro to cope with.
"We responded well. I think it was not perfect but the commitment and focus was there. At 1-1 we found a response and managed to win", Wenger explained.
"It was a big test, Middlesbrough gave everything. It's one of their last chances to stay in the league."
The Gunners now take a break from Premier League action and face Manchester City in an FA Cup semi-final tie at the weekend.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
When four Arab states led by Saudi Arabia cut diplomatic ties and transportation links with Qatar last June, there were widespread expectations that the rift would be quickly resolved, as had been the case with a similar dispute three years earlier. Instead, Qatar's leaders have dug in, choosing isolation rather than kowtowing to the Saudis. Mediation efforts led by Kuwait have failed. When he was the U.S. secretary of state, Rex Tillerson tried to defuse tensions, but he was ousted March 13 by President Donald Trump.
1. What's the rift about?
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt complain about Qatar's friendliness with Iran and accuse it of supporting terrorism, a charge the emirate denies. The crisis was sparked last year when hackers published a story on Qatar's news agency quoting Qatar's emir, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani, as criticizing mounting anti-Iran sentiment after a trip to the region by Trump. Qatari officials quickly deleted the comments, called the FBI to help investigate the hack, and appealed for calm as Saudi and U.A.E. newspapers, clerics and celebrities accused Qatar of trying to undermine efforts to isolate Iran.
2. So was it all a misunderstanding?
No. The conflict had been brewing for years. With its oil riches and custodianship of Islam's holiest sites, Saudi Arabia has long seen itself as the natural leader of the Persian Gulf region, if not the entire Middle East. Its strongest competitor is Iran, with whom it has a testy relationship. In addition to being rivals for regional power, the two are on opposite sides of the Sunni-Shiite split within Islam. Since Qatar began to grow wealthy from natural gas exports two decades ago, it has asserted its independence from the Saudis and sought cordial ties with Iran, with whom it shares a gigantic offshore gas field.
3. What's terrorism got to do with it?
The Saudi-led group accuses Qatar of supporting al-Qaeda and Islamic State terrorists, as well as the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist organization that several Gulf states have banned and designated as a terrorist group. The bloc also said Qatar provides funding for Iran-backed Shiite militias.
4. Does Qatar support al-Qaeda and Islamic State?
Some Qataris have provided support to al-Qaeda and its spinoffs, U.S. officials say. According to the State Department's 2015 report on international terrorism, “entities and individuals within Qatar continue to serve as a source of financial support” for terrorist groups, particularly al-Qaeda affiliates such as the Nusra Front, which is fighting in Syria against the Iran-backed Assad regime. The U.S. report uses almost precisely the same language in its section on Saudi Arabia. The report details efforts by both the Qatari and Saudi governments to counterterrorism financing. It offers greater praise of the Saudi efforts, calling them “serious and effective.” Most U.S.- and United Nations-designated terrorist financiers believed to be living in Qatar have already been prosecuted, and Qatar has also taken additional measures to stem terrorist financing that won the praise of the Trump administration.
5. Is the Muslim Brotherhood charge true?
Qatar's government denies it supports the Muslim Brotherhood, or any political party, but rather says it helps governments and people who may at times be governed by the Muslim Brotherhood, such as Egypt from 2012 to 2013. While the Brotherhood renounced violence decades ago, some of its offshoots haven't. One of them, the Palestinian group Hamas, continues to advocate armed struggle, though it has distanced itself from the larger movement. Qatar's accusers consider the Brotherhood to be a terrorist movement. Egyptian leader Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi banned the organization there and has overseen a crackdown on its members and supporters after overthrowing an elected president from the group in 2013. Qatar has hosted prominent Brotherhood cleric Yusuf al-Qaradawi since he fled Egypt in 1961, offering him a popular talk show on the state-backed Al Jazeera TV channel.
6. What happened in 2014?
In a quieter conflict, Saudi Arabia, the U.A.E and Bahrain withdrew their ambassadors from Qatar to protest what they said was its support of Muslim Brotherhood groups in the Arab Spring uprisings that began in 2010 and eventually deposed three Arab rulers. A month after the rupture, Qatar made a series of secret agreements with the three countries. The accords, published by CNN in July, bar support for several groups, including the Muslim Brotherhood.
7. What's different this time?
A few things. In the Saudis' view, Qatar reneged on the last accord, which may be making them less flexible on the terms of reconciliation this time. The Saudis are now in effect led by a 32-year-old crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman, who has thrown overboard the kingdom's traditionally hesitant approach to foreign policy. Trump initially sided against the Qataris in the dispute and is generally friendlier to the Saudis than his predecessor, Barack Obama. The Qataris, meanwhile, have reason to think they are the ones that have U.S. backing. Other American officials have called for an end to the measures against Qatar, which hosts the U.S. air operations center for the region and 10,000 U.S. troops. Also, since the last crisis, Qatar has developed closer ties with Turkey, which accelerated pre-existing plans to deploy some troops to Qatar.
8. What does the Saudi bloc want?
Saudi Arabia and its allies produced a list of 13 requirements including shutting the Al Jazeera network, cutting back diplomatic ties with Iran, severing relations with the Muslim Brotherhood and ending Turkey's military presence in Qatar. The kingdom has also promoted somewhat obscure Qatari royals as possible alternatives to the emir, efforts which haven't gained traction in Qatar.
9. How did Qatar respond?
Publicly, Qatari officials rejected the list, saying that complying with its requirements would be tantamount to forgoing sovereignty. Officials embarked on a diplomatic campaign, hiring consultants to lobby their case in the U.S. and Europe. Qatari media organizations, uncharacteristically, started criticizing Saudi Arabia. Qatar also made an effort to shore up friendships abroad by making purchases of U.S. and British military jets, Italian helicopters and French naval ships and planes.
10. How long can Qatar survive?
Officials like to say "forever" and they may be correct. Qatar is one of the world's wealthiest nations, on the basis of per capita income. It has open shipping and air corridors, so it can still sell gas and oil, and its people can still get fresh fruit and Bentleys. The country was shocked after Saudi Arabia closed its only land border, where much of its food was imported. But new trade routes were quickly opened. Speculation against its currency has subsided, with rates reverting to the peg, and the stock market recovered after being down around 26 percent in 2017. The International Monetary Fund said in a March 5 report that the direct impact of the embargo is "fading" and that banks have "adjusted" to the withdrawal of deposits. Barring escalation from the Saudi bloc, the fund expects the economy to expand. Economists polled by Bloomberg also said the economy has absorbed the shock and growth will pick up in 2018.
The Reference Shelf
— With assistance by Donna Abu-Nasr
Apple is in talks to buy cobalt directly from mines for iPhones Apple is in talks to buy long-term supplies of cobalt for iPhone batteries directly from miners, Bloomberg reported on Wednesday, citing sources. The iPhone maker is seeking contracts to buy...
Apple to add battery features after slowdown fiasco Apple announced changes on Wednesday that make good on its promise to allow users to turn off a controversial feature that slows down iPhones when batteries are running low, although...
New invention brings batteries back from the dead One of the biggest stories in consumer electronics right now is Apple's secret throttling of older iPhone models with aging batteries. The company misled customers for years as “conspiracy theorists”...
Senate letter to Apple questions iPhone battery slowdown The chairman of a Senate committee overseeing business issues asked Apple to answer questions about its disclosure that it slowed older iPhones with flagging batteries, according to a letter seen...
Apple Store evacuated after iPhone battery overheats An overheated iPhone battery injured a repairman in an Apple Store in Zurich and prompted the evacuation of around 50 people from the shop on Tuesday due to smoke, Swiss...
Tesla builds world's biggest lithium-ion battery MELBOURNE — Tesla Inc. has completed construction of the world's largest lithium-ion battery in Australia, putting it on track to meet a 100-day deadline for switching the battery packs...
Apple working to improve battery life on iOS 11 iOS 11 brings over a variety of new features and improvements for both iPhone and iPad. But the new software release, now installed on nearly 60 percent of compatible devices,...
New material promises batteries that charge in seconds Despite often annoying us with shorter-than-ideal lifespans and the occasional explosion, modern rechargeable batteries are actually quite remarkable, especially when you consider the power they're able to hold in very...
This smartphone doesn't need a battery Despite remarkable advancements in smartphone technology in recent years, poor battery life remains one of the most unavoidable frustrations for modern devices. Manufacturers have attempted to solve the issue with...
Waltham HELEN PERRY 819-689-2652
Congratulations and best wishes are extended to Emma Romain and Aime Allard, who were married on Saturday at St. Alphonsus Church in Chapeau. Fr. Tim Moyle officiated the sacrament. The dinner and the reception were held at Northfork.
If you are feeling that the seasons are a little confused, the summer was cool and oh so wet, the fall has been remarkably hot and humid, and who knows what this winter will be like? It seems that the animals are also confused. One morning last week, Larry was up making his coffee and he noticed two little gray rabbits on our neighbour's front lawn. Now just a minute, “Easter Bunnies”, that can't be right, we are just getting ready for Thanksgiving and Halloween. He called to me, to come and have a look. They were so cute, but by the time I went to get the camera they were gone.
This article is available only to subscribers to THE EQUITY (home delivery or online) who have registered for the News Alerts Service. If you have already registered for THE EQUITY's News Alerts Service, please log in here. If you wish to register for the News Alerts Service, you may register below. (For online subscribers please use the same email address used for your online subscription.)
Existing Users Log In Email Password Remember Me
PITTSBURGH — Chicago Cubs right-hander Yu Darvish has inflammation in his right triceps but no structural damage, and could start a throwing program as soon as the weekend.
Darvish, signed to a $126 million, six-year contract in February as a free agent, underwent an MRI on Tuesday in Chicago. The Cubs announced the results before playing the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night.
“Doesn't sound awful,” Cubs manager Joe Maddon said. “He'll get on his program soon, then we'll work it from there. It's good news on his side.”
The Cubs also placed right-handed reliever Carl Edwards Jr., on the 10-day disabled list with right shoulder inflammation, and recalled right-hander Cory Mazzoni from Triple-A Iowa. Edwards felt discomfort in his shoulder Tuesday night after pitching one scoreless inning in an 8-6 victory over the Pirates.
Darvish got his first win with the Cubs in his previous start at Cincinnati on May 20, holding the Reds to one run and two hits in six innings. In eight starts, he is 1-3 with a 4.95 ERA.
Left-hander Mike Montgomery will again take Darvish's rotation Saturday night against the Mets at New York. He started for Darvish on Monday and pitched 5 2/3 scoreless inning in a victory over the Pirates.
Edwards has made 25 appearances, going 2-1 with a 2.88 ERA. The Cubs do not yet have a timeline for when he will resume throwing.
Mazzoni made one relief appearance for the Cubs on May 7, working one scoreless innings against the Miami Marlins. He was 3-2 with two saves and a 1.25 ERA in 14 games with Iowa.
——
https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Students in a Brooklyn elementary-school classroom drank from a fountain whose water was more contaminated than Flint, Mich.'s — laden with 1,000 times the amount of lead permitted by federal safety regulations.
A Dec. 16 test revealed a staggering lead-concentration level of 15,000 parts per billion in the water spouting from the spigot in Room 222 at PS 289 George V. Brower in Crown Heights, city Department of Education records show.
The Environmental Protection Agency requires water suppliers to reduce lead levels if they reach 15 ppb.
The amount of lead flowing from the Room 222 fountain was also three times the 5,000 ppb level at which the EPA classifies water as “hazardous waste.”
By comparison, the highest level of lead recorded during the Flint water crisis was 13,200 ppb. The scandal — in which cost-cutting measures resulted in the contamination of the city's drinking water — led to criminal charges against 13 current and former government officials.
A scientist who helped expose the Flint scandal said any kid who drank from the Brooklyn school fountain faced “an acute health risk.”
“If you were the unlucky student who went to that fountain and was exposed to 15,000 ppb, there is almost no doubt you would get some level of lead poisoning,” said Marc Edwards, a civil-engineering professor at Virginia Tech.
It was unclear how many kids drank from the fountain, or how long its water had been tainted.
But a custodian at the school, which was built in 1958 and serves 419 kids in pre-K through fifth grade, said the problem was not a new one.
“Do you think that lead just got here? This goes way back,” the worker said.
On Monday, The Post revealed that elevated lead levels were found in water from about one in every 20 taps in the city's elementary schools during testing that took place between December and February.
That testing had followed results announced in July, when officials claimed that fewer than 1 percent of all samples from the city's schools exceeded federal standards.
But criticism of the city's water-testing methods — which included running every tap in each school for two hours the night before — prompted to a second round of tests.
Lead poisoning can result in learning disabilities in children and kidney problems and high blood pressure in adults.
Lead levels in blood will fall over time once exposure stops, but severe cases can be treated with chelation therapy, in which medication taken orally binds with lead so it's excreted through urination.
The DOE said it didn't have the results from the first test on the Room 222 fountain and couldn't say when the fountain was last tested prior to that.
In September, Gov. Cuomo signed a law requiring school districts across the state to conduct periodic testing for lead contamination.
DOE Deputy Chancellor for Operations Elizabeth Rose said the Room 222 fountain was shut off following the test results, after which workers replaced the fixture and piping.
It was turned back on after testing in January that showed the level of lead was below 15 ppb, she said.
Rose also said the 15,000 ppb reading from the Room 222 fountain “was not a typical situation” and noted that lead levels tend to fluctuate depending on how long water sits unused in piping.
She also said that when any “drinking or cooking faucet” tests higher than 15 ppb, “we will immediately take it offline until we can replace and fix the pipe to the wall and retest that fixture to get a test result below 15 ppb.”
Edwards, the civil-engineering professor, said that protocol doesn't necessarily guarantee safe water, because pieces of lead can come loose and circulate in piping, causing levels of the heavy metal to skyrocket.
“I call it water-fountain Russian roulette,” he said.
Edwards said he favored the use of water filters to reduce lead.
An official with the city's Department of Health and Mental Hygiene downplayed any dangers posed by the Room 222 fountain.
“These testing results don't reflect a steady state or result,” said Dr. Oxiris Barbot, the agency's first deputy commissioner.
“I wouldn't feel comfortable saying exposure during the day would equate to a public health risk.”
Barbot also said the city had no plans to test any children who drank from the Room 222 fountain.
“If there was a true risk here, we would have seen it already,” she said.
A PS 289 parent was outraged to learn about the situation and said she had never received any notification from the school.
“Who knows how long that has been going on?” said Cynthia Thomas, 46, whose 12-year-old son and 8-year-old daughter are enrolled there.
“It makes me want to pull the kids out of school, but my son is graduating soon. My daughter is only in third.”
Thomas said she planned to take her children to their doctor for testing.
Additional reporting by Kevin Sheehanand Priscilla DeGregory
There may be a way for you to make a quick buck off of this year's solar eclipse, some Madisonville businesses are hiring temporary workers.
Big City Market and Coffee Bar on Sugg Street will likely go to be backed up once that solar eclipse comes to town. We're told, in order to keep up with all those new customers they've brought on at least six new people onto their staff.
Business typically picks up during the Monday lunch rush, but next Monday's going to be different. So Owner Jenny Gibson will need some more people working the floor, and she's getting that help from some familiar faces.
She says her best customers have offered to lend a hand.
"They know they love this place and they know how we do things. and how things should be done so they seem to be a natural fit," Gibson explained.
Gibson says they'll help clean tables and help serve customers, so they don't get backed up. Gibson also said they'll need almost twice the inventory, since they're expecting double the business.
"Anybody that's in retail hospitality, we can really expect to see a big boom this weekend," said Gibson.
The temporary workers will get paid by the hour. Gibson estimates that they'll bring in $3,000 to $4,000 a day over the weekend.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Pupils are taught lessons in Gaelic and also study English
A new Gaelic school is to open in Glasgow, after a £1.9m Scottish government investment.
The new development will be the third Gaelic school in the city, with the existing schools at capacity.
Nearly 900 pupils are enrolled in the schools at Glendale and Berkeley Street. The new facility will redevelop the old Cartvale School in Govan.
Deputy first minister John Swinney said the new school "will provide capacity to meet growing demand from parents."
It is expected to open in 2019.
Mr Swinney said: "We have an opportunity to build on the success of recent years and to ensure a faster rate of progress in the expansion of Gaelic education across Scotland.
"Glasgow City Council has a remarkable record with Gaelic education and the establishment of a third standalone school will provide capacity to meet growing demand from parents.
"Following the opening of Portree Gaelic School last week - the sixth in Scotland - we will continue to support and encourage the growth of Gaelic education."
City education convener said: "The expansion of Gaelic Medium Education across Glasgow is very exciting and more families than ever before are able to access Gaelic for their children and at all stages through nursery to secondary school.
"The development of the former Cartvale School is yet another example of our continued commitment to GME and we welcome the additional grant which will go towards the upgrades and renovations for the opening of the new school building in August 2019."
Ex-Clipper rips 'arrogant' Austin Rivers amid Rockets beef It's safe to say Matt Barnes isn't buying the suspensions the NBA handed down Wednesday, two days after a chippy game between the Rockets and Warriors led to a postgame...
Chris Paul covertly storming Clippers' locker room broke Shaq After the game is when the games began. The Clippers beat the Rockets in Los Angeles on Monday in what otherwise would be remembered as an intriguing and heated battle...
Just how awkward the Clippers' Griffin-Paul dynamic was Disbanding the Clippers' “Big Three” effectively deflated the organization's internal dysfunction, according to one Clippers player. Austin Rivers, whose father, Doc, coaches the Clippers, said there was a power struggle...
Austin Rivers calls 'bulls--t' on Chris Paul's supposed hatred If Chris Paul won't contradict the reports, Austin Rivers wants to do it for him. For almost two weeks, Rivers has been surrounded by rumors that he and his father...
Chris Paul's hatred of Doc Rivers led to Clippers exit Chris Paul wasn't happy with family coming before team. Paul's decision to sign with the Rockets — forcing the Clippers to trade him after he opted into the final year...
This feud between NBA backups is getting out of control Forget LeBron vs. Durant, this is the feud the NBA needs. Glen “Big Baby” Davis has been critical of his former coach Doc Rivers, calling the Clippers' coach/president “overrated.” That...
How Carmelo could become part of a revamped Clippers Big 4 Clippers coach Doc Rivers still believes in his core group, but admitted he is tired of just being in the playoff party. Carmelo Anthony is tired of being on the...
Why Clippers' downfall could have Carmelo Anthony heading west Chris Paul reprimanded J.J. Redick near the Clippers bench in the first quarter of Sunday's Game 7. The shooting guard had failed to rush over to help out Paul, who...
Austin Rivers intrigued by Knicks with Carmelo trade hovering While Doc Rivers indicated trade talks involving Carmelo Anthony are quiet between the Clippers and Knicks, his son Austin Rivers admitted the Knicks were a top-three choice in free agency,...
WASHINGTON: US job growth probably slowed further in September as Hurricanes Harvey and Irma left displaced workers temporarily unemployed and delayed hiring, the latest indication that the storms undercut economic activity in the third quarter.
According to a Reuters survey of economists, the Labor Department's closely watched employment report on Friday will likely show that nonfarm payrolls increased by 90,000 jobs last month after rising by 156,000 in August.
The projected job gains for September would be the second smallest this year and well below the 175,000 monthly average for the 12 months through August. They would follow on the heels of August's disappointing employment growth, which economists blamed on a seasonal quirk.
Payrolls are calculated from a survey of employers, which treats any worker who was not paid for any part of the pay period that includes the 12th of the month as unemployed.
Economists estimate that Harvey and Irma, which wreaked havoc in Texas and Florida, cut as many as 125,000 jobs from payrolls in September.
“We are going to get a lot of the jobs back and we are going to see hiring related to the clean-up and rebuilding into early 2018 as well,” said Ryan Sweet, senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania.
Economists say a weak employment report should not change views the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates in December. Fed Chair Janet Yellen cautioned last month that the hurricanes could “substantially” weigh on September job growth, but expected the effects would “unwind relatively quickly.”
The US central bank said last month it expected “labor market conditions will strengthen somewhat further.”
“Given this, we suspect the financial markets will also take any hurricane-related weakness to the September employment report in stride, maintaining an elevated probability for a December Fed interest rate hike,” said Sam Bullard, a senior economist at Wells Fargo in Charlotte, North Carolina.
According to the Labor Department, the Texas and Florida areas affected by the storms employed 11.2 million people in March 2017, representing 7.7 percent of US employment.
Excluding the weather impact, economists say the labor market continues to tighten. The employment report would join August consumer spending, industrial production, homebuilding and home sales data in suggesting that the hurricanes will dent economic growth in the third quarter.
Economists estimate that the back-to-back storms, including Hurricane Maria which destroyed infrastructure in Puerto Rico last month, could shave at least six-tenths of a percentage point from third-quarter gross domestic product growth.
Growth estimates for the July-September period are as low as a 1.8 percent annualized rate. The economy grew at a 3.1 percent rate in the second quarter.
Harvey and Irma are not expected to have an impact on the unemployment rate, which is forecast holding steady at 4.4 percent for September. The smaller survey of households from which the jobless rate is derived treats persons as employed regardless of whether they missed work during the reference week and were unpaid as result.
The household survey could reflect the impact of the storms on employment by showing the number of workers who were stranded at home because of bad weather as well as those who were forced to work part-time.
There was probably no impact on the length of the average workweek from the storms.
“There are competing forces at play in September, where hours worked in many sectors will see shutdown-related cuts, while hours worked for clean-up and reconstruction efforts will get extended,” said Ellen Zentner, chief economist at Morgan Stanley in New York.
With the hurricane-driven temporary unemployment concentrated in low-paying industries like retail and leisure and hospitality, average wage growth is forecast picking up.
Average hourly earnings are forecast increasing 0.3 percent in September after rising 0.1 percent in August. Still, the annual increase in wages probably remained stuck at 2.5 percent for a sixth straight month.
Annual wage growth of at least 3.0 percent is needed to raise inflation to the Fed's 2 percent target, analysts say.
Construction payrolls likely fell in September, bearing the brunt of the bad weather. Manufacturing employment is forecast increasing by 10,000 jobs after surging 36,000 in August, which was the most in four years.
WASHINGTON: US job growth probably slowed further in September as Hurricanes Harvey and Irma left displaced workers temporarily unemployed and delayed hiring, the latest indication that the storms undercut economic activity in the third quarter.
According to a Reuters survey of economists, the Labor Department's closely watched employment report on Friday will likely show that nonfarm payrolls increased by 90,000 jobs last month after rising by 156,000 in August.
The projected job gains for September would be the second smallest this year and well below the 175,000 monthly average for the 12 months through August. They would follow on the heels of August's disappointing employment growth, which economists blamed on a seasonal quirk.
Payrolls are calculated from a survey of employers, which treats any worker who was not paid for any part of the pay period that includes the 12th of the month as unemployed.
Economists estimate that Harvey and Irma, which wreaked havoc in Texas and Florida, cut as many as 125,000 jobs from payrolls in September.
“We are going to get a lot of the jobs back and we are going to see hiring related to the clean-up and rebuilding into early 2018 as well,” said Ryan Sweet, senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania.
Economists say a weak employment report should not change views the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates in December. Fed Chair Janet Yellen cautioned last month that the hurricanes could “substantially” weigh on September job growth, but expected the effects would “unwind relatively quickly.”
The US central bank said last month it expected “labor market conditions will strengthen somewhat further.”
“Given this, we suspect the financial markets will also take any hurricane-related weakness to the September employment report in stride, maintaining an elevated probability for a December Fed interest rate hike,” said Sam Bullard, a senior economist at Wells Fargo in Charlotte, North Carolina.
According to the Labor Department, the Texas and Florida areas affected by the storms employed 11.2 million people in March 2017, representing 7.7 percent of US employment.
Excluding the weather impact, economists say the labor market continues to tighten. The employment report would join August consumer spending, industrial production, homebuilding and home sales data in suggesting that the hurricanes will dent economic growth in the third quarter.
Economists estimate that the back-to-back storms, including Hurricane Maria which destroyed infrastructure in Puerto Rico last month, could shave at least six-tenths of a percentage point from third-quarter gross domestic product growth.
Growth estimates for the July-September period are as low as a 1.8 percent annualized rate. The economy grew at a 3.1 percent rate in the second quarter.
Harvey and Irma are not expected to have an impact on the unemployment rate, which is forecast holding steady at 4.4 percent for September. The smaller survey of households from which the jobless rate is derived treats persons as employed regardless of whether they missed work during the reference week and were unpaid as result.
The household survey could reflect the impact of the storms on employment by showing the number of workers who were stranded at home because of bad weather as well as those who were forced to work part-time.
There was probably no impact on the length of the average workweek from the storms.
“There are competing forces at play in September, where hours worked in many sectors will see shutdown-related cuts, while hours worked for clean-up and reconstruction efforts will get extended,” said Ellen Zentner, chief economist at Morgan Stanley in New York.
With the hurricane-driven temporary unemployment concentrated in low-paying industries like retail and leisure and hospitality, average wage growth is forecast picking up.
Average hourly earnings are forecast increasing 0.3 percent in September after rising 0.1 percent in August. Still, the annual increase in wages probably remained stuck at 2.5 percent for a sixth straight month.
Annual wage growth of at least 3.0 percent is needed to raise inflation to the Fed's 2 percent target, analysts say.
Construction payrolls likely fell in September, bearing the brunt of the bad weather. Manufacturing employment is forecast increasing by 10,000 jobs after surging 36,000 in August, which was the most in four years.
There are a number of unwanted anniversaries being 'celebrated' by the teams hoping to rival Mercedes for the F1 titles this season, so we are not the only ones hoping 2018 is a little less predictable.
The 2018 season is live across BBC Radio 5 live and the BBC Sport website, and gets under way with the Australian Grand Prix from 23-26 March.
READ MORE: Halos, heartbreak & Hamojis: historic season set to begin down under
The number of Americans 65 and older is projected to double from 46 million to more than 98 million by 2060. It will be the first time in history that the number of older adults outnumbers children under 5. One out of every four 65 year olds will live past 90. And one out of every 10 will live past 95. This is really quite remarkable. As we try to understand what this change in demographics will mean for our society, the American Psychological Association has provided information about normal aging and a look at fact vs fiction. Here are a few to consider.
1. Most older adults live in nursing homes.
Myth…only about 5% live in nursing homes at any given time. This does increase with age, ranging from 1.1% for persons 65-74, 3.5% for persons 75-84, and 13.2% for persons 85+,
2. Older adults stay socially engaged and productive.
Reality…positive social connections really helps keep people physically and emotionally happy. Loneliness does have a negative physical and emotional impact.
3. Older adults have little to no interest in sex or intimacy
Myth…Although the frequency may decline with age, many older adults continue to enjoy a physically and emotionally fulfilling sex life. Though couples may need longer periods for arousal and have to change positions or techniques to accommodate any physical difficulties. the benefits of an active sex life include better sleep, less stress, a more positive mood and increased marital satisfaction.
4. Individuals can learn new skills even in late life
Reality… Older adults can definitely continue to learn new skills, though learning may take longer than for younger adults.Many older adults outperform their younger counterparts on intelligence tests that draw on an accumulated knowledge and experience.
5. Dementia is a normal part of aging.
Myth…approximately 5% of individuals between 71-79 and 37% of individuals above age 90
experience some form of dementia.
6 There is nothing that can be done to reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Myth…Physical and mental inactivity, obesity, diabetes, hypertension and depression are all associated with an increased risk for the development of Alzheimer's disease. Each of these factors can be modified. Keeping mentally and physically active can help preserve cognitive skills and thus decrease the risk of Alzheimer's disease.
The APA offers the following tips to help yourself age well:
1. Exercise. Even a moderate amount of activity can make the frailest older adults stronger and improve mood.
2. Maintain a healthy lifestyle and make adjustments for any changes in your functioning (hearing, vision, flexibility, strength).
3. Engage in routine preventive health behaviors such as immunizations for flu, pneumonia and routine screenings.
4. Advocate for yourself in healthcare settings. It is often helpful to bring along someone who is knowledgable about the issues at hand or can simply write down important information.
5. Seek assistance for depression, anxiety and other mental health issues. These are not normal parts of aging.
6. Be an interested and interesting person. Follow current events, attend cultural and social events. These are great ways to stay engaged with the world and decrease feelings of loneliness and isolation.
A £50,000 reward has been offered to finally name the murderer of schoolgirl Lisa Hession.
Detectives say they owe it to the youngster's memory and her late mum to identify the killer of the Leigh schoolgirl, who was found strangled and sexually assaulted just yards from her Bonneywell Road home in 1984.
Christine Hession died after a short battle with cancer, aged 69, last year, without ever getting confirmation about who attacked the Bedford High student as she returned home from a friend's party.
She had campaigned relentlessly to track down the killer of Lisa, who suffered a black eye as she attempted to fight back.
Martin Bottomley, who heads the cold case unit at Greater Manchester Police, said: "This case has been subject to a number of reviews since 1984, so that we can find the answers Lisa's family so desperately deserve.
“The reviews have concentrated on using advances in forensic techniques and investigating all the information we have received from members of the public so far.
“While we have not found the answers yet, this case will remain open until Lisa's killer is found and brought to justice.
“Even though this happened 33 years ago, I'm sure that someone who lived in the area at the time will know something that could help our investigation.
“Anything you know, no matter how insignificant it may seem, could be the key to uncovering who is responsible for Lisa's death.”
Her death triggered a massive manhunt 33 years ago, with samples from the area behind Rugby Road, where she was found, still held in police labs.
Police have never ruled out a link between Lisa's murder and three sex attacks on young women, around the same time in the same area.
One of the last major appeals was held on the 30th anniversary, which Christine endorsed but didn't speak at again.
But in a previous interview, she said: "I think it's someone who lives in this town and I think someone knows who it is and is shielding them. I don't know how they could do that."
Before her death, Lisa had been to a party on the other side of Leigh town centre and had been told to be home for 10.30pm.
She is said to have set off in plent of time, walking without incident through the town centre and onto St Helens Road before she was seen to turn into Buck Street, close to her home.
She never made it back and her body was found around an hour-and-a-half later by a dog walker.
Her mother had already been out looking for her and later raised the alarm with police.
Detectives have confirmed that a man questioned at the time remains a 'person of interest'.
Potential witnesses can still contact the cold case unit on 0161 856 5961.
​He nicked a Knick and hasn't been able to stay out of trouble since.
​A U.S. Army vet who ​got a slap on the wrist for stabbing ​ex-Knick​s player Chris Copeland​ ​and then blew the sweetheart deal, landing himself behind bars for six months, ​has now violated his probation​ ​​and will have to serve another year.
Shevoy Bleary-Murdock ​had initially​ worked out ​a plea deal for what amounted to about a week in jail — served on weekends — and five years' probation in exchange for a guilty plea to stabbing Copeland outside a Chelsea nightclub in 2015.
​But the 25-year old​ ​was pulled over in a Mercedes-Benz in Brooklyn just three days after he took the June 2016 deal, and was busted with 17 forged credit cards, marijuana and an unloaded high-capacity magazine, prosecutors said. Judge Gregory Carro sentenced him to six months behind bars.
This time around ​ Bleary-Murdock was busted ​in New Jersey on assault charges, and found himself back before Judge Carro on Wednesday.
Carro slapped him with the year-long jail term for violating his probation. Bleary-Murdock was immediately taken into custody. ​His ID theft case is still pending.
Bleary-Murdock's lawyer did not immediately return a message.
WRUV Drive-Thru
Are you currently a touring band and want to play a show on WRUV?
The first of 37 Baruch College students indicted in a hazing death three years ago, has been sentenced in a plea deal with Pennsylvania prosecutors.
Ka-Wing Yuen, 25, was placed on five years' probation Monday, ordered to perform 100 hours of community service and fined $1,000.
He pleaded guilty to conspiracy to hinder apprehension and conspiracy in the hazing death of Chun “Michael” Deng.
“I'm extremely sorry for what happened,” a soft-spoken Yuen told the court at his sentencing Monday, according to the Pocono Record newspaper. “It was most unfortunate.”
The 18-year-old Pi Delta Psi fraternity pledge Deng died during a brutal series of hazing rituals at a rented rented house in the Poconos.
Five frat brothers are awaiting trial on murder charges.
At Yuen's sentencing, Monroe County President Judge Margherita Patti Worthington said Deng's death was senseless.
“You have parents saying, ‘There but for the grace of God goes my child,' ” said Worthington. “I don't know why fraternities don't ban these types of practices.”
The Wisconsin man who authorities say mailed a conspiracy-laced manifesto to President Donald Trump — and stole more than a dozen guns — lashed out during a court appearance on Monday, telling an official “I'm not your slave, man.”
Joseph Jakubowski appeared in Rock County Court Monday afternoon where he clashed with a court commissioner while being read the felony state charges against him.
The 32-year-old suspect was captured Friday after a 10-day manhunt, following the April 4 robbery of the Armageddon Gun Shop in Janesville and the mailing of the 161-page anti-government manifesto to the White House.
Jakubowski sat alongside his defense attorney while appearing via videoconference in court on Monday, when court Commissioner Larry Barton informed him of the three charges against him, according to the Associated Press.
At one point, Jakubowski asked a question about one of the charges and Barton told him not to make statements.
Jakubowski then responded with, “I'm not your slave, man. You can't tell me what to do as a free individual, you can't tell me what to do.”
Related: Wisconsin Fugitive Who Mailed Manifesto to Trump Is Caught
The suspect faces charges of burglary, felony theft and possession of burglarious tools.
Jakubowski's cash bond was set at $30,000, at $10,000 per count. He is also not allowed to have contact with the gun shop in Janesville that is accused of robbing, or its owner.
Jakubowski was found early Friday morning hiding under a tarp at a “primitive camp site” that he had set up on a farm in Vernon County, Wisconsin, police said.
He was apprehended without firing a shot and authorities confiscated four handguns, a long rifle, a samurai-type sword, a bulletproof vest, several boxes of ammunition, and a copy of his manifesto.
In this screen grab made from video, Joseph Jakubwoski appears in Rock County court in Janesville, Wis. on Monday, April 17, 2017. WMTV NBC 15
Police feared Jakubowski might have been
planning an attack of some kind and more than 250 members of law enforcement along with the FBI and ATF had fanned out across the state in search of him.
His arrest came after property owner Jeffrey Gorn spotted him on Thursday night and alerted authorities, police said.
Related:
Allegedly Armed Man Who Wrote to Trump Warned of System of Greed
The anti-government document authorities believe Jakubowski wrote said he was not afraid to die, and that if he was killed he wanted it to be at the hands of the president on live TV.
A version of that document was
obtained by NBC affiliate WTMJ, where the author rallied against a system of greed that he said doomed the populace to slavery and destroyed his dreams.
WTMJ said a law enforcement official close to the investigation confirmed to them that the excerpt was an authentic portion of the letter, but that official could not confirm if the portion of the documents they obtained was the same version mailed to Trump. NBC News has not independently verified that document.
Jakubowski was already facing federal weapons charges for the gun store burglary, according to authorities, and appeared in court in Madison on Friday afternoon.
CINCINNATI (AP) — The prosecution has rested after testimony from a deputy coroner in the Ohio murder retrial of a former University of Cincinnati police officer.
Dr. Karen Looman of the Hamilton County coroner's office said Wednesday that Sam DuBose died instantly from a bullet fired into his head at a downward angle. Defendant Ray Tensing looked down and away as graphic autopsy photos were shown.
Under defense questioning, she said the 43-year-old DuBose wasn't healthy. She was blocked by prosecution objections from giving details about DuBose's medical condition.
The defense will begin Thursday, with Tensing expected to testify later.
Tensing, who's white, is on trial in the 2015 fatal traffic-stop shooting of DuBose, an unarmed black motorist. He claims he feared for his life.
His November trial ended in a hung jury.
“Sex and the City” star Cynthia Nixon on Monday announced that she would stage a primary campaign against Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo.
“I love New York. I've never lived anywhere else,” Nixon said in a video statement, which shows her starting her day at home with her wife, Christine, and son Charlie, and walking her son Max to school.
“But something has to change. We want our government to work again, on health care, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway. We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us. It can't just be business as usual anymore.”
Nixon's candidacy gives those on the left an alternative to the more moderate incumbent.
The governor didn't seem overly worried about her as an opponent when she announced that she might run last week, calling her a second-rate celebrity with no political chops.
She is perhaps best known for portraying Miranda Hobbes in the HBO series “Sex and the City” from 1998 to 2004 and appearing in a number of other TV shows and movies.
From Rick Salem
Oberlin, Kansas – July 2, 2018 – Pre-entry deadline for drivers to receive one (1) free pit pass for the inaugural Belleville 305 Sprint Nationals is just three weeks away. This two-day event will be sanctioned by the United Rebel Sprint Series and all their rules will apply for this Friday and Saturday night, August 3-4 event atop the famed Belleville High Banks in Belleville, Kansas. Saturday night's championship feature winner will take home $7000.
Entry fee is $30 either by pre or race day entry but drivers must send in their entry forms by midnight on July 20th.
Early entries are also encouraged to give track announcers, series and track officials an idea on exactly how many drivers are projected to compete.
Official payout, rules and entry forms can be found on the series website www.unitedrebelsprintseries.com as well as the events official facebook page: Belleville 305 Nationals.
Questions regarding this huge event for 305-ci sprints can also be answered by calling URSS president Rick Salem (785) 475-7010.
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. (WLFI) — There's good news for aspiring pilots in the Greater Lafayette area. Purdue Aviation LLC can now offer more structured flight training.
The Part 141 flight school certification has been approved by the Federal Aviation Administration.
Purdue Aviation used to be Lafayette Aviation. The company was purchased in 2015 by Scott Niswonger and the Purdue Research Foundation.
Purdue Aviation already offered flight training through the FAA Part 61 regulation. The new status will mean a more structured curriculum for people who want to consider aviation as a career.
Niswonger said this will help with a shortage of commercial pilots. He said many pilots who learned to fly back in the 60s — when airlines were expanding — are preparing for retirement.
“About 28,000 pilots will need to be hired by the airlines each year for the foreseeable future,” Niswonger said. “We're hopeful that we will be able to ramp up from 150 students that we have now. We can see that going well over training 200.”
Niswonger said one student has already enrolled in the program.
'Station 19' star Jason George is a daredevil at heart Station 19 Thursday, 9 p.m., ABC Things will heat up — in more ways than one — for Dr. Ben Warren (Jason George) on the new Shonda Rhimes drama “Station...
'The View' censors topless mermaid drawing "Escape to Margaritaville" star Paul Alexander Nolan's “guitar, which features a drawing of a topless mermaid, was deemed too revealing for TV," said a source.
Shondaland law drama 'For the People' offers nothing new “For the People” doesn't completely suck. That's the fairest assessment I can apply to this assembly-line ABC drama — stamped out in cookie-cutter fashion — by Shondaland, the production company...
Has worry about bullying tamed the new 'American Idol'? Maybe the slogan for ABC's rebooted version of “American Idol” should be “Everything new is old again.” But that's not necessarily a negative when applied to the “American Idol” revival,...
Missing toddler dies hours after being found with Amber Alert A Colorado toddler, who was the subject of an Amber Alert, died hours after he was found, police said Sunday. Nain Dominguez, 2, was discovered at around 7:18 a.m. and...
Missing teen and friend's dad believed to be in Mexico ALLENTOWN, Pa. — Police are encouraging a missing Pennsylvania teenager to come home to her family after she traveled to Mexico with a 45-year-old man. Allentown police said Friday that...
Dad jailed after missing baby's body found OKLAHOMA CITY — Authorities in Oklahoma City have discovered the body of a 7-month-old baby boy who had been the subject of an Amber Alert. Oklahoma City police say authorities...
Suspect may be presenting missing baby as own after mom's killing: cops A female suspect is wanted in the disappearance of a 6-week-old baby whose whereabouts have remained a mystery since her mom was murdered. An Amber Alert was issued Tuesday for...
Teacher found with missing teen says police statements were coerced NASHVILLE, Tenn. — A Tennessee school teacher who led police on a nationwide manhunt after running away with a 15-year-old student is arguing that statements he made after his arrest...
Kids rescued from 'doomsday dad' in polygamist compound raid Two Utah girls were found safe Monday three months after they were allegedly kidnapped by their “doomsday prepper” dad — who reportedly betrothed his daughters to a cult leader. An...
Good Samaritan's 'spider sense' saves Amber Alert baby A San Jose construction worker rescued a 1-year-old boy Monday when the toddler's suspected kidnapper tried pawning the child off on strangers. Colin Blevin saved the 1-year-old after the suspect,...
Mom told cops kids abducted by a stranger -- not her husband LEXINGTON, Tenn. — Police in Tennessee say a woman failed to tell them her husband, and not a stranger, had abducted her and her four young children. The Jackson Sun...
Teacher found with missing teen indicted on sex, obstruction charges NASHVILLE, Tenn. — A teacher who led police on a nationwide manhunt after taking a 15-year-old student has been indicted on federal charges, federal prosecutors said Thursday. A federal grand...
The BBC has released a new photo of Ross Poldark, who is clearly sharpening up his style ahead of a possible move into politics...
Ross Poldark is smartening up.
Advertisement
Having promised to run for Parliament at the end of Poldark series three, this first-look picture from series four gives us a glimpse of Aidan Turner's character all dressed up in his 18th century finery, standing on the rocky shores of Cornwall and looking typically intense.
Gone is his old battered tricorn hat, replaced by a far more classy version. Also gone is his slightly shabby jacket – but at least we still have his unruly hairdo…
Does this sartorial step up from the rough-and-ready scyther we saw in series one indicate that he manages to get elected? Could the Cornish countryside be replaced by the politics of London when Aidan Turner returns?
Advertisement
It definitely looks like Poldark has polished up for a good reason…
Team Texas win Hemp U-15 Inter-Block Football
An impressive crowd on Saturday last watched Team Texas getting a sweet taste of victory when they outplayed Front Road in the Guyana Hemp Industries- Verman Bedesses East Ruimveldt Inter Block Under-15 Football Fiesta in observance of 4/21 International Hemp Day.
The East Ruimveldt Community Centre ground was the venue for upsets as Team Texas treated their supporters to a 5-2 victory against Front Road.
Team Texas Captain Brandon Solomon was the top goal scorer for the event with 5 goals which saw 10 teams participating. After the games, information material on the importance of an Industrial Hemp Industry was distributed to participants, Officials and spectators.
The Mini- Hemp products exhibition and Film Festival organized by the Guyana Hemp Industries on Saturday last to make 4/21 International Hemp Day at East Ruimveldt, Georgetown, was a resounding success with dozens of patrons attending and expressing deep satisfaction with the products and the film on Industrial hemp.
Marlyn Glasgow a school teacher who travelled from Linden to attend the event said that the legalization of Industrial hemp would give Guyana an opportunity to become stronger economically, strengthen National Security and help heal the environment whilst living a sustainable life.
Ms. Glasgow pointed out that legalization of Industrial Hemp is not about getting high. It's about getting by. Hemp contains no psychoactive properties and is never used as a recreational drug. But can be used to produce fuel that would help and end dependency on foreign oil and can be a substitute for petroleum based products that would help end plastic pollution' she opined'.
According to Ms. Glasgow over a year now she has been researching industrial hemp and wonders why President Granger is taking so long to remove the barriers for the cultivation and processing of this valuable and versatile crop in Guyana.
Another patron Lloyd Smith pointed out that hemp is an eco- friendly alternative to producing food, oils, body care products, consumer and industrial textile, building materials and Indust
rial and technical products to name a few.
According to Mr. Smith hemp requires no harmful chemical such as pesticides and fungicides, grows extremely fast in any climate and also replenishes the soil with nutrients and nitrogen which helps control eroding top soil a serious agricultural problem in Guyana and globally.
‘Hemp absorbs C0 2 from the atmosphere and importantly leaves more trees to do the same and could actively begin to reduce greenhouse effect.
Sally Yates in June 2016. J. David Ake / AP
Feb. 9 — The Washington Post reports that Flynn, according to current and former U.S. officials,
did discuss sanctions with the Russian ambassador; officials confirm the content of the discussion to NBC News. This day is the first time Pence is informed of the Justice Department warning about Flynn's call — two weeks after Trump was told.
Feb. 10 — A spokesperson for Flynn tells NBC News that Flynn “can't be 100 percent sure,” but doesn't remember talking sanctions. Trump denies knowledge of the reports that Flynn and the Russian talked sanctions. “I don't know about it. I haven't seen it. What report is that?” he tells reporters. Also that day,
Flynn speaks by phone to Pence, reportedly to apologize to him.
Feb. 13 — Trump adviser
Kellyanne Conway tells NBC News that Flynn has the full confidence of the president. Moments later, Spicer says Trump is evaluating the situation. Hours after that, Flynn resigns, saying he “inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador.”
Feb. 14 — At a press briefing, Spicer says Trump asked Flynn to resign because of a erosion of trust — not because any laws were broken.
MONTREAL — Aaron Ekblad scored in the first period and the Florida Panthers inched closer to a playoff spot with a 2-0 victory over the Montreal Canadiens on Monday night.
Aleksander Barkov also scored for Florida (36-27-7), which moved to three points behind idle New Jersey for the second NHL Eastern Conference wild-card spot with two games in hand on the Devils. The Panthers are 10-2-1 in their last 13 games.
Montreal (26-34-12), coming off a 4-0 defeat Saturday in Toronto, was shut out for a second game in a row and a 12th time this season — three of them against Florida.
The Panthers had a 40-28 edge in shots on the Canadiens, who stayed in the game thanks to stellar goaltending from Antti Niemi. Roberto Luongo got his third shutout of the season.
The opening 10 minutes saw two fights, one of which had Ekblad sparring with Nicolas Deslauriers.
It may have fired up the big defenceman because he stole a puck from Michael McCarron, deked past defenceman Jeff Petry and beat Niemi with a move to the backhand for an unassisted goal at 18:31.
Jacob De La Rose thought he had one back for Montreal 17 seconds later, but a video review showed Alex Galchenyuk was offside by a toenail and it was waived off.
Barkov got his 26th of the season at 6:23 of the third frame when his shot from the left side went in off Montreal forward Logan Shaw.
The Panthers are in a stretch with seven of eight games on the road, including Tuesday night in Ottawa.
Star goalie Carey Price returned to the Montreal lineup from a concussion suffered Feb. 20. He backed up Niemi.
The new girl has her eyes on Josh - and is already wary of Adam after seeing his behaviour towards Rosie
Kazimir Crossley's biggest worry heading into the villa is that she's going to forget that the cameras are on, and get caught picking her nose.
Advertisement
The 23-year-old makeup artist already has some Love Island connections – she did Kem's makeup for Chris and Kem's music video, which in all honesty is best forgotten. But more impressively, she has worked on Stormzy's videos, too.
“I'm not really into looks,” she says,” the personality needs to stand out for me more.” She has already set her sights on a current Love Islander: “in the villa, I fancy Josh”.
She says she has never cheated on anyone, and is looking for honesty first and foremost. “Some of the boys in the villa are even lying to their girl then going on dates and saying they like that girl too!” she says.
Advertisement
Her biggest turn-off is arrogance. “What Adam did to Rosie puts me off, he gets what he wants and he needs to learn you can't always get what you want.”
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
1:17 Adam Gase discusses Dolphins loss against the Patriots
The LG V10 and V20 are experimental devices, much like the Galaxy Note lineup was for Samsung in years past. They included unique features and abilities, most notably the top 'ticker' display, that may have seemed out of place on the company's main 'G' series. The V20 was a pretty good phone when it was released last year, but now that it's approaching one year old, we're starting to see it go on sale more and more.
Now you can get a 64GB LG V20 from B&H for $399.99, a $200 savings over the usual MSRP. If you're not familiar with the phone, it has a Snapdragon 820 processor, a 5.7" 2560x1440 IPS display, and 4GB of RAM. It also has a few features that are rare to see on flagships in 2017, like a microSD card slot and a removable battery. The V20's top feature (pun intended) is the ticker display above the main screen, which works as a toolbar for shortcuts and notifications.
Overall, the V20 is still one beast of a phone, and you shouldn't have any problems using it as your primary device in 2017 (and beyond). The model on sale at B&H is the US unlocked model, which works on both GSM and CDMA networks. You can find it at the source link below.
By BOB BAUM
AP Sports Writer
PHOENIX (AP) - Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and the Cincinnati Reds rallied to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7-4 on Wednesday.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Jess Woodley has quit Made in Chelsea, confirming that she's "not filming" for the show's upcoming 13th run.
Woodley – who joined MIC back in 2015 – has appeared on four series plus spin-offs in LA and the south of France, enjoying an early tryst with Jamie Laing and a close friendship with Georgina "Toff" Toffolo, although the two fell out in the most recent series.
The 22-year-old confirmed her exit to Star magazine, adding that she was leaving the show to focus on her fashion career.
"I'm not filming for it," she said of the latest series. "It's been fantastic and has given me the platform I've always wanted, but now I'm focusing on my fashion brand.
"The door's always open, but I'm working really closely with Rimmel and taking this time to focus on myself.
"Being on a reality TV show was difficult. It takes a lot of time and is mentally challenging. It's good to reconnect with the real world."
Despite Woodley's absence, plenty of old favourites will return for the new series, including Louise Thompson, Francis Boulle, Oliver Proudlock and more.
The new episodes will also feature cast member Binky Felstead who recently announced she was expecting a baby with fellow cast member Josh "JP" Patterson – a new arrival that Woodley said is "going to be so loved."
Happy Valentine's Day to this gorgeous baby daddy to be. Count myself very lucky to have you in my life @Josh__JP ❤️ pic.twitter.com/nMTye9qcVP — Alexandra Felstead (@BinkyFelstead) February 14, 2017
"It's a blessing in disguise," she added. "Binky is going to be a great mum and JP has a good heart, so good luck to them."
Made in Chelsea returns to E4 later this year
JACKSON, Miss. — The Latest on a Mississippi law banning most abortions after 15 weeks (all times local):
5 p.m.
Opponents of a new Mississippi law banning most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation have filed a lawsuit.
The state's only abortion clinic and one of the physicians who practice there filed the federal suit Monday in Jackson, an hour after Gov. Phil Bryant signed the measure into law.
In a lawsuit handled by the Center of Reproductive Rights, the Jackson Women's Health Organization says the measure is unconstitutional and should immediately be struck down.
The suit says the clinic performed 78 abortions in 2017 when the fetus was identified as being 15 weeks or older. That's out of about 2,500 abortions performed statewide, mostly at the clinic.
The lawsuit challenges House Bill 1510, saying federal courts have ruled women have the right to an abortion before a fetus can live on its own outside the womb. The Mississippi measure is specifically designed to challenge those rulings, trying to get courts to rule states can restrict abortion before viability.
4:30 p.m.
Mississippi's governor says that by enacting a law that bans most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation, the state is “saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing can we do?”
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant made the comments while he signed the law Monday in a closed ceremony, according to a video his office posted to social media.
House Speaker Philip Gunn was present for Bryant's signing. He told The Associated Press he is proud Mississippi is taking steps to protect “the most vulnerable of human life:” the unborn. House Bill 1510 became law immediately upon Bryant's signature.
Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves said in an emailed statement that the law is a major step toward accomplishing Mississippi's goal to protect the lives of the unborn. Echoing a phrase Bryant often uses, Reeves added that he is committed to making the state “the safest place in America for an unborn child.”
3:50 p.m.
Mississippi's governor has signed the nation's tightest abortion restrictions into law.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday afternoon. It becomes law immediately and bans most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation. Bryant has frequently said he wants Mississippi to be the “safest place in America for an unborn child.”
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it “incompatible with life” outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a “major bodily function” is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Abortion rights advocates are calling the law unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb. The owner of Mississippi's only abortion clinic opposes the law and has pledged to sue.
We'll assume we have your consent to use cookies, for example so you won't need to log in each time you visit our site.
Learn more
Agree
A decision by the Trump administration to delay protections of a bee is creating a legal buzz.
The rusty patched bumblebee was once common across the Midwest and Northeast but is now at risk of going extinct. The Obama administration granted the bee endangered-species status in early January. That status was set to take effect Feb. 10, but the Trump administration on that day announced it would delay listing the bee to March 21.
On Tuesday, the Natural Resources Defense Council sued the Interior Department, the Fish and Wildlife Service and the acting heads of both agencies in federal court in Manhattan, asking a judge to undo the delay. The group argues that the Trump administration's decision was made in violation of a law governing the issuance of federal rules and without a valid explanation.
Some environmentalists fear the delay is a prelude to blocking protections for the rusty patched bumblebee altogether. “We don't think this is just a freeze,” said Rebecca Riley, a senior attorney for the NRDC. “It's an opportunity for the administration to reconsider and perhaps revoke the decision. That's the whole point of the freeze.”
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy (1:31) Professor Richard Thaler, an expert in behavioral economics, talked to MarketWatch about his 'lazy' investing strategy that allows investors to maximize their returns while doing very little.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Mike Flynn's brief White House stint caps contentious career.
Disney severs ties with YouTube star PewDiePie after anti-Semitic posts.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — North Carolina Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper proposed Tuesday what he called a compromise to repeal the state's so-called bathroom bill, saying a new measure is designed to allay fears by some over public bathroom safety.
But a powerful leader in the Republican-controlled General Assembly dismissed it, signaling that any agreement between the governor and GOP lawmakers is still distant. Even a close Cooper ally in the gay rights movement said he didn't support the governor's idea, calling the proposal a distraction from a repeal of what's known as House Bill 2.
The law approved last March by GOP lawmakers and then-Gov. Pat McCrory triggered backlash from businesses and LGBT advocates who say it's discriminatory because it requires transgender people to use restrooms in public buildings that correspond to the sex on their birth certificates. It also excludes sexual orientation and gender identity from local and statewide antidiscrimination protections. A federal trial to decide HB2 is scheduled to begin later this summer.
Cooper's proposal comes as New Orleans welcomes the NBA All-Star game this weekend. The city of Charlotte was supposed to host multimillion-dollar event, but the NBA pulled out after the law was passed. The NCAA and Atlantic Coast Conference also moved several sporting events and businesses such as PayPal decided not to expand in North Carolina.
“It will bring back the NCAA, it will bring back the ACC, the NBA and it will bring back jobs,” Cooper said.
The proposal does away with House Bill 2 and increases penalties for crimes in public bathrooms, the governor said at a news conference with the top Democratic leaders in the House and Senate. It would also tell local governments seeking ordinances covering sexual orientation and gender identity to give legislators 30 days' notice before doing so.
Lawmakers passed HB2 weeks after the Charlotte City Council voted to expand a local ordinance protecting people based on sexual orientation and gender identity at hotels, restaurants and other public buildings.
HB2 supporters have argued letting people choose public bathrooms based on gender identity can be used as a pretense by sexual predators. The U.S. Justice Department and HB2 critics have said the threat is practically non-existent.
Senate leader Phil Berger said the stronger punishments for crimes in bathrooms aren't enough.
“What is the governor's position on whether or not men should be allowed to share restrooms, lockers and showers with women and girls?” Berger told reporters. “I don't see this as a compromise. I don't see this as anything different that what he's been saying all along.”
Cooper's proposal represents a change in tactics by the new governor, who has been seeking a repeal-only bill. Cooper said HB2 “doesn't do anything to protect anybody.” His proposal appeared designed to pull in more votes from Republicans wavering on keeping the law.
“Regardless of whether I believe House Bill 2 addresses that problem in any way, I want to say this: I hear you and I have a proposal that specifically addresses your concerns,” the governor said.
In December, an apparent deal between Cooper — then the governor-elect — and the legislature to repeal HB2 collapsed. Interest picked up in recent days after a statewide sports development association warned legislators in a letter that action must be taken very soon or the state would be disqualified from hosting NCAA events for the next five years.
Chris Sgro, executive director of Equality North Carolina, said the 30-day waiting period for local governments was unnecessary, saying Charlotte leaders deliberated publicly for a long time on their ordinance. And new penalties aren't needed because LGBT people are not a public safety risk, he said.
“I don't support the proposal. I think that what we need to do is be squarely focused on the repeal of HB2,” Sgro told reporters. “Every other piece of this conversation is a distraction.”
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
Judge lets dog owner off easy for leaving pup in freezing car Hey, Chihuahuas shiver! That's what a Manhattan lawyer argued in getting a Philadelphia college student off the hook for leaving his petite pooch, Mary, alone inside a cold parked car...
ASPCA will hold Chihuahua left in car until owner goes to court They're ordering this pooch to “stay.” The ASPCA says it is holding onto the 4-year-old Chihuahua found locked in a car amid sub-zero temperatures in Soho over the weekend —...
Ex-president of bird breeder association busted for illegal cockfighting The ex-president of the New York chapter of the United Gamefowl Breeders Association, which claims to raise the farm birds to compete as show birds, surrendered himself to the federal...
This Upper West Side cat is NYC's best foster dad For New York City's strays, this guy is the cat's meow. Charlie, a 7-year-old house cat living on the Upper West Side, is the ASPCA's top foster dad in the...
This deaf dog knows a special type of sign language This dog is hard of hearing, but easy to love. A deaf 4-year-old pit bull rescue named Blue has learned to “sit” and “come” just like any other pup —...
Dog rescued during blizzard has heartbreaking backstory A terrier rescued from the dog-meat trade in Thailand almost wound up losing her life in New York during Tuesday's snowstorm — when she bolted from her handler, ran 40...
'Bunny Hoarder' gets 45 days behind bars for animal cruelty Brooklyn's “bunny hoard­er'' will spend 45 days in a cage on multiple animal-cruelty charges. Dorota Trec was sentenced Friday in Brooklyn Criminal Court after she was convicted in November of...
Woman fatally mauled by recently adopted dog An elderly Queens animal lover finally made the heartbreaking decision to put down one of her adopted shelter dogs Wednesday because he had become so vicious — only to be...
Tiny kitty named Alfred is patient zero in bird-flu outbreak The bird-flu epidemic that has affected animal shelters citywide all began with a little tabby named Alfred. The kitten was adopted from a Bronx shelter in late October and showed...
FAIRFIELD, Ohio (WDTN) – An Oakwood restaurant founded in 2013 is opening a second location at a local mall.
This information comes from our partners at the Dayton Business Journal.
The Mall at Fairfield Commons is under construction to add a Flyboy's Deli and the general manager hopes to open the 7,400 square-foot store before Black Friday.
Flyboy's is open for lunch and dinner seven days a week, and offers breakfast on Saturdays. The menu includes traditional deli sandwiches, bagels, wraps, and pizzas.
BK Int'l to get final payment in $1B Haags Bosch ‘sweetheart' deal
The government is expected to make the final payment of the $1.1B settlement to contractor, BK International, over the operations of the Haags Bosch Landfill site, aback of Eccles, East Bank Demerara.
BK International, whose management of the Haags Bosch Landfill was terminated by the former government, was last year, awarded an out-of-court settlement of $1.1 Billion as outstanding payment for the construction and the daily management of the Eccles site.
Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Communities, Emil McGarrell, appearing before the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) on Monday, clarified that $849 Million of the settlement has since been paid to the contractor.
McGarrell explained that the outstanding amount is expected to be paid ‘some time this month.' The payment has been budgeted for in the 2017 Budget, McGarrell said.
He explained that in the disbursement of the $849 Million, two payments were made to the contractor. The first payment was made on July 12, 2016 and the second on September 10, 2016. He added that the first payment was covered under a budgetary allocation and the second, was made by virtue of a supplementary budget.
The previous administration terminated BK International's contract for the construction and operations of the landfill on February 27, 2015, on the grounds that the company had missed deadlines and committed other breaches.
BK International through its lawyer, responded by filing a lawsuit on March 13, 2015, asking Chief Justice (Ag) Ian Chang, to overturn the decision to terminate the contract.
The contractor also claimed outstanding payments for one-and-a-half-year, for the construction and daily management of the site.
Chang, in November 2015, ruled in favour of BK International. Subsequently an out-of-court settlement was worked out between the contractor and the current government through the Ministry of Legal Affairs.
The Government had said that it had settled with BK International, on the ground that it was crucial for moving forward with the development of the Haags Bosch Landfill site. The contract for the management and operation of the landfill was later awarded to Puran Brothers' Disposal Incorporated.
The close to US$20 Million Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) funded Haags Bosch landfill programme catered for the closing of the outdated and inefficient Le Repentir solid waste disposal site in the centre of Georgetown and replacing it with a new, privately-operated sanitary landfill intended to serve both the city and surrounding East Bank Demerara neighborhoods.
The programme also includes the preparation of a master plan for waste management, as well as training for public and private entities which operate in the sector.
Questions were raised about the settlement since there was no trial, and no evidence was given. Many believed that the settlement the coalition government made with BK International in relation to the Haags Bosch dumpsite was not straightforward as the current government made it out to be, and that there was something sinister about this entire deal.
The opposition had said that the government had a strong case against BK, so there was no need to settle.
HONOLULU — Fast-moving lava is advancing to another part of a rural Big Island district where Kilauea volcano is erupting, officials said Wednesday in advising those residents to evacuate.
Lava continues to advance toward subdivisions in the Puna district. Those in Kapoho Beach Lots, Vacationland and Waa Waa were being advised to evacuate, the Hawaii County Civil Defence agency said.
“You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation of Beach Road near Four Corners,” the agency advised the public, referring to the area where two highways intersect.
Lava crossed Highway 132, which connects the commercial centre with smaller towns and farms in the area, authorities said Tuesday. Hawaii County officials said lava destroyed the local electric utility's equipment on the highway, which knocked out power to Vacationland and Kapoho Beach Lots neighbourhoods toward the coast.
Officials ordered about 2,000 residents of Leilani Estates and nearby areas to evacuate when fissures began opening in the communities earlier this month.
The Hawaiian Volcano Observatory said vigorous eruption continues from the series of vents.
Lava from one fissure created fountains Tuesday night and into Wednesday morning that reached over 200 feet (61 metres). The fountains fed a lava flow that moved downslope along Highway 132, the observatory said.
The flow moved north of the highway and was headed to the area where Highway 132 and Highway 137 intersect.
Aerial observations from the U.S. Geological Survey on Wednesday morning showed lava from a fissure with 0.65 miles (1.04 kilometres) of Highway 137 and was advancing at about 100 yards (91.44 metres) per hour. Lava from another fissure was about 2.8 miles (4.5 kilometres) above the intersection and was advancing in pauses and surges of about 600 yards (548.64 metres) per hour, scientists said.
Strands of volcanic glass, known as Pele's hair named for the Hawaiian volcano goddess, were accumulating on the ground in Leilani Estates, and winds may blow lighter particles farther away, scientists said.
Volcanic gas emissions remain high from the fissure eruptions, scientists said. Wind conditions for Wednesday were forecast to result in widespread vog — or volcanic smog– over the Big Island.
Meal prepping is an important way to ensure you always have healthy options available, and will prevent you from making excuses when hungry.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
A diet doesn't need to be 100 percent healthy to be healthy, according to Work Week Lunch founder Talia Koren. The blogger lost 10 pounds following the 80/20 rule, which involves focusing on eating healthy foods 80 percent of the time, and less healthy foods the remaining 20 percent.
“I wasn't restraining myself and I think that's the key to what makes it work,” Koren tells NBC News Better. “You can have what you want, but you have to have more of the healthy stuff."
Talia Koren lost 10 pounds by changing up how she eats.
The 25-year-old says she put on a few extra pounds in college. Her eating habits worsened after she started working for a busy New York City media company, where “pizza days” and free bagels were the norm. Shedding the weight seemed impossible.
“When you're not eating well, your energy levels are affected, and that's what I found,” Koren said. “I was really sluggish. I didn't like the way my clothes fit. I just didn't feel good about myself.”
Koren tried numerous diet fads, none of which seemed to help her lose weight. Exercise didn't seem to help either. In 2015, while researching online, she learned about the 80/20 rule and decided to try it.
Daily Vs. Weekly Approach
Koren approached the 80/20 rule using what she calls the “week-long” approach. She eats about 21 meals in a week, 80 percent of which make up about 17 meals. She prefers this to the “day-long” approach, which means 80 percent of her daily meals are healthy.
“If 20 percent [of what you eat] is sweet potato fries every day, that's going to add up,” she explains.
The week-long approach, however, forces her to have more self-restraint. While about 17 of her meals are healthy during the week, just four are less healthy.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 The Secret to Eating Healthy 00:01:48
What to eat and not eat
Koren began cooking her meals at home. Her healthy meals consist of whole grains, lean proteins, fruits and vegetables and nutrient dense carbs.
For example:
Breakfast: Two slices of wheat toast with peanut butter and blueberries
Two slices of wheat toast with peanut butter and blueberries Mid-morning snack: A piece of fruit (whole apple, whole plum, whole peach)
A piece of fruit (whole apple, whole plum, whole peach) Lunch: Salmon, sweet potatoes, and broccoli
Salmon, sweet potatoes, and broccoli Mid-afternoon snack: Sliced pepper with hummus, or a handful of almonds with dates
Sliced pepper with hummus, or a handful of almonds with dates Dinner: Scrambled eggs with veggies
She decided to reserve her less healthy meals for when she eats out with friends. But she's careful not to pick menu items that are too unhealthy.
“I love Mediterranean food,” she says. “So I would get falafel, which is fried, and maybe some cole slaw — there would be mayo in there — that type of thing, where it's not totally unhealthy but not super strict either.”
You should never use your 20 percent “less healthy” meal allowance as an excuse to binge eat, she warns.
“That doesn't mean you're going to an extreme opposite like you're just going to eat pizza 20 percent of the time,” she says. “It just means caring a little less.”
Prepare your meals in advance
What's Koren's secret to keeping her healthy lifestyle consistent? She prepares her meals in advance.
“Meal prepping is a huge, huge reason why I was able to stay so consistent, because no matter what diet or plan you're on, you need to prepare,” she says.
The blogger meal preps twice a week. On Sunday she'll prepare her meals for Monday through Wednesday, and on Wednesday she'll prepare her meals for Thursday through Sunday. For example, she'll cook broccoli, sweet potatoes, and salmon, and divide them into three portions for her lunch for the next three days. She says these prepared dishes prevent her from making unhealthy excuses.
“You want to beat your brain to the punch and just have the healthy meal in front of you, so you don't even have to think about a decision — it's just there,” says Koren.
Focus on the process, not the goal
After six months of following the 80/20 rule, Koren went from about 130 to 120 pounds.
“This is what I would call my happy weight,” she says. “I'm not trying to lose more, I don't want to gain more either.”
The blogger says losing the weight “felt awesome,” but notes it was a result of focusing on healthy lifestyle changes, not an obsession with slimming down.
“I was focusing on the process — on the cooking process — and all of a sudden I realized my clothes started fitting better, my energy levels were very balanced throughout the day,” she says.
“It just made life a lot easier,” Koren concluded.
How to use the 80/20 rule
Will it be weekly or daily? On the week-long approach, 80 percent of your weekly meals are healthy. The daily approach, on the other hand, means 80 percent of your daily meals are healthy. Koren found the weekly approach more effective, since it forced her to eat more healthy meals.
On the week-long approach, 80 percent of your weekly meals are healthy. The daily approach, on the other hand, means 80 percent of your daily meals are healthy. Koren found the weekly approach more effective, since it forced her to eat more healthy meals. Educate yourself. Healthy meals should consist of whole grains, lean proteins, fruits and vegetables and nutrient dense carbs. Your less healthy meals should be an opportunity for you to eat what you enjoy, but not an excuse to binge eat junk food.
Healthy meals should consist of whole grains, lean proteins, fruits and vegetables and nutrient dense carbs. Your less healthy meals should be an opportunity for you to eat what you enjoy, but not an excuse to binge eat junk food. Invest time in meal prep. Meal prepping is an important way to ensure you always have healthy options available, and will prevent you from making unhealthy excuses when hungry.
Meal prepping is an important way to ensure you always have healthy options available, and will prevent you from making unhealthy excuses when hungry. Focus on the small stuff. When you focus on changing your eating habits and lifestyle, your body and energy levels will change too.
Regional Super50… Festival Unbeaten teams go head to head under lights today… Jaguars face-off with Hurricanes
By Sean Devers in Antigua
In association with Vnet Communications,
Bounty Farm, Noble House Seafoods &
Playter's Enterprise
This evening from 14:00hrs the only two unbeaten teams in Zone ‘B' of the Regional Super50 Festival clash under lights in a Day/Night encounter at the Coolidge ground which was once the home of the Standford T20 Tournament.
Guyana Jaguars, with wins over English County side Kent and the USA, face off with the Leewards Hurricanes, who had victories over the USA and Jamaica Scorpions.
Today the South American Franchise will know that this game against the Scorpions is a step up in weight-class and should provide their toughest challenge yet.
The home team will fancy their chances against a team that has won four consecutive First-Class titles but won the last of their 10 Regional 50-over tiles 13 years ago when Shiv Chanderpaul led them to the KFC Cup at Bourda.
The Leewards won their first of seven titles when Sir Vivian Richards led them to the 1978 title but has not tasted Championship success since sharing the 2010 title with Barbados when a moment of madness from Tino Best gifted them a Tie in Jamaica.
However, this is a different era and teams are now allowed to select players from outside of their Countries. The Leewards overseas players have made the biggest impact to their team this season with Trinidadian left-arm spinner Akeal Hosein picking up a five wicket haul in the first game and Jamaican Marlon Samuels scoring a century in their second game.
Rakeem Cornwall's 132 in their win over USA make the Scorpions the only team with two centurions, while their win over Jamaica, one of the pre-tournament favourites would leave them brimming with confidence.
While Shimron Hetmyer became the 12th Guyanese to score a Regional 50-over ton with his destructive 103 in the last game, the openers have not managed to build a solid foundation in the two matches, while bowling at the backend of an innings is a cause for concern as it was in the Four-Day tournament.
The Jaguars had some injury scares with Romario Shepherd (who missed the last match) and Shiv Chanderpaul who retired hurt on eight against the USA, both suffering from minor niggles.
However, everyone is fit for today clash which will be the last for Bajan Raymon Reifer, who leaves for Windies ‘A' team duties and will be replaced by Chris Barnwell who is expected to arrive here today.
This Jaguars' team is littered with young aggressive batsmen like Hetmyer, Chanderpaul Hemraj, Sherfane Rutherford, Kemo Paul, Anthony Bramble and Clinton Pestano, while Chanderpaul, the oldest player in the tournament and 30-year-old Skipper Leon Johnson, both with fifties so far, gives the batting balance. Test all-rounder Reifer bats with a level head in addition to bowling quality left-arm Seam.
The track at Coolidge seems slow with some turn for the spinners and thought the ground is a small one, Hurricanes' spinners Cornwall, Samuels, Hosein and Justin Athaneze bowled well against a batting line with included Gayle and Russell in their last game and could be a worry for the Jaguars line-up which has seven left-handers in it.
Jeremiah Louis, Mervin Matthew and Sheno Berridge could provide pace option for the Scorpions who will depend on Samuels, Cornwall, Keiran Powell, Devon Thomas and Montcin Hodge with the bat.
Leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo and left-arm spinner Veerasammy Permaul should relish the pitch if not the size of the ground and should trouble the Scorpions batsmen, while the pacers, especially Rutherford and Pestano should know that it could be a risk over using the short ball on this surface and on a ground which smaller than Warner Park in St Kitts.
Some of the Jaguars players including Johnson and Manager Rayon Griffith attended the second half of Leewards/Jamaica on Friday night.
Jaguars: Leon Johnson (Capt), Shimron Hetymer, Chanderpaul Hemraj, Shiv Chanderpaul, Ricardo Adams, Sherfane Rutherford, Anthony Bramble, Raymond Reifer, Kemo Paul, Davindra Bishoo, Veerasammy Permaul, Ramaal Lewis, Romario Shepherd and Clinton Pestano.
Hurricanes: Keiran Powell (Capt), Devon Thomas, Keacy Carty, Montcin Hodge, Terrance Ward, Jahmar Hamilton, Rakeem Cornwall, Jeremiah Louis, Mervin Matthew, Sheno Berridge, Akeal Hosein, Marlon Samuels, Justin Athaneze and Kevin Cooper.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Trump tweets: 'Fake news media' pushes 'conspiracy theories' 1:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
President Donald Trump blamed "conspiracy theories and blind hatred" — and an attempt to "cover-up" for Hillary Clinton's failed presidential campaign — in a series of tweets Wednesday morning as he tried to distance himself from any links to Russia.
Related: Putting the Pieces of the Russia Story Together
Trump tweeted that the "fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," and added that "this Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign."
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Trump and Clinton sparred during the campaign over U.S. intelligence reports that said Moscow was involved in the cyberattacks meant to influence the 2016 presidential election — and help Trump win the White House.
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Trump for weeks questioned the veracity of those reports before finally acknowledging in a news conference days before he was sworn in that he believes Russia was behind the hacks.
But the White House's connection with the Kremlin — and how deep it runs — remains under scrutiny, which has only ramped up this week
Ex-National Security Adviser Mike Flynn on Monday night resigned after admitting to misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior administration officials about conversations he had with the Russian ambassador to the United States in December — before Trump took office.
Those phone calls included talking about the hacking-related sanctions imposed by the Obama administration against Russia for allegedly meddling in the election.
Related: A Timeline of Mike Flynn's Rise and Fall and the Russia Call
Pence went on news outlets to repeatedly back up Flynn, but the Department of Justice had warned the White House in January about the national security adviser's communications — and that he opened himself up to be the subject of Russian blackmail.
The fallout led Flynn to resign Monday at the request of Trump.
Democrats have called for an independent investigation into the chain of events involving the scandal, but Republicans have so far resisted doing so.
The New York Times raised further questions Tuesday night in a report that said intercepted phone calls by American law enforcement revealed Trump campaign officials had repeated contact with Russian intelligence in the year leading up to the election.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed In wake of Michael Flynn's resignation, questions mount 3:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
That report sent Brian Fallon, who served as Clinton's presidential campaign spokesman, in a tizzy on Twitter.
"Everything we suspected during the campaign is proving true," he wrote. "This is a colossal scandal."
The Times reported that there is no evidence that there was any cooperation between the Trump campaign and the Russians over influencing the election. NBC News has not confirmed the details in the report.
Trump on Wednesday took swipes at the intelligence community for "illegally" leaking information to "failing" newspaper outlets.
He directed other tweets focusing on whether it was the Obama administration that was "too soft" on Russia and calling it "un-American" to leak classified information.
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Meanwhile, former Trump campaign Paul Manafort — who resigned in August amid questions about his ties to pro-Russia interests in Ukraine — told NBC News on Wednesday that "I had no contact knowingly with Russian intelligence officials."
Manafort was reportedly one of the Trump campaign officials whose communications were investigated by the FBI, according the Times.
"I don't think it's possible I could have even inadvertently had discussions with Russian officials," he added. "It's not like they wear badges. The story is not true."
Trump was scheduled to hold a news conference at noon Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who is visiting the White House. The meeting could help shape several policies involving the Middle East, from security to settlements.
Image copyright ITV Image caption Gruffyd Wyn Roberts wowed the audience with his rendition of Andrea Bocelli's Nelle Tue Mani from the film Gladiator
An opera singer from Anglesey has been voted into the final of Britain's Got Talent after winning his semi-final.
Gruffyd Wyn Roberts, 22, from Amlwch, wowed the audience on Wednesday with his rendition of Andrea Bocelli's Nelle Tue Mani from the film Gladiator.
Judges Amanda Holden, Simon Cowell, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon labelled the performance "epic".
Comedian Noel James, from the Swansea Valley, appears in Thursday's semi-final on ITV1.
Mr Roberts advanced through to the semi-finals of the show after being given the "golden buzzer" by Holden when he sang Puccini's Nessun Dorma in his audition.
The performance led to comparisons to Paul Potts, who won the first edition of the show in 2007.
Saraki: God vindicated Senate President – APC chieftain, Timi Frank
Timi Frank, a top member of the Progressives Congress (APC) says Senate President, Bukola Saraki, showed courage during his trial at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT). According to the party chieftain, “God has finally vindicated him.” The CCT on Wednesday ruled that Saraki had no case to answer in the 18-count charge against […]
Saraki: God vindicated Senate President – APC chieftain, Timi Frank
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright Getty Images
Legislation that will establish a devolved Scottish social security system is to be passed by MSPs later.
Holyrood is being given responsibility for 11 benefits, including disability living allowance, personal independence payments and carer's allowance.
The benefits are relied upon by 1.4 million people across the country, and are worth about £3.3bn a year.
The devolution of the powers is being staggered, with the benefits system due to be fully operational by 2021.
The payments will be administered by a new Scottish social security agency, headquartered in Dundee and Glasgow, with 1,500 jobs split across the two sites.
A further 400 people will be employed at smaller sites across the country.
'Respect and dignity'
The Scottish government has described the changes as a "golden opportunity" to set up a system with "respect and dignity" at its heart.
And it has said the benefits agency would be "a new public service of which we can all be proud", and which would "deliver for the people of Scotland".
It estimates that 500,000 people or families are currently not claiming benefits they are entitled to, and is to spend £300,000 to encourage take-up.
The benefits which are being devolved from Westminster to Holyrood are:
Personal Independence Payments
Carer's Allowance
Attendance Allowance
Disability Living Allowance
Winter Fuel Payments
Cold Weather Payments
Severe Disablement Allowance
Industrial Injuries Disability Benefits
Funeral Expenses Payments (to be replaced by Funeral Expense Assistance)
Sure Start Maternity Grant (to be replaced by Best Start Grant)
Discretionary Housing Payments
MSPs unanimously backed the principles of the Social Security (Scotland) Bill - which lays the foundations for the new system - in December, with the final debate and vote being held on Wednesday afternoon.
Speaking ahead of the debate, Social Security Minister Jeane Freeman said she had worked closely with the UK government's Department for Work and Pensions.
"Our plans are certainly on track," she said.
"I need to be sure that the DWP - who have to transfer information to us and work with us - that their plans match ours.
"But so far we have had really good working relationships with our colleagues south of the border, in government and in the DWP, and I am confident that we will work all this through."
Image caption Jeane Freeman has said plans are on track
Despite their overall support, opposition parties expressed some concerns about the bill at the time - with the Conservatives and Labour both calling for amendments to be made.
The Scottish government confirmed last week that the bill will be changed to remove a limit on how long a terminally-ill patient must have left to live before they are fast-tracked to the highest rate of disability benefits.
It had been under pressure to do so from opposition parties, medical professionals and charities.
Michelle Ballantyne MSP, who speaks for the Scottish Conservatives on this issue said she was concerned the Scottish government may not be ready to take over the 11 benefits.
"They've had years since they were told they would get welfare powers and they haven't done what we would have expected in terms of preparing for that," she said.
"The DWP and the UK government are saying they will give support, that they will try to prop up any issues that arise as a result of the Scottish government's lack of preparation."
Scottish Labour has suggested the Scottish government could be more ambitious with changes to benefits.
The party's social security spokesman Mark Griffin said: "We want them to top-up child benefit by £5 a week which would lift 30,000 kids out of poverty.
"We want them to split payments in households with Universal Credit so that women aren't susceptible to domestic abuse - if they live with an abusive partner, that they don't just take all the money that's coming into the household."
Audit Scotland has previously warned that the Scottish government had "not clearly estimated" the financial cost of putting the new welfare powers into practice.
The UK government is making a one-off payment of £200m to support the implementation of the new powers.
But Audit Scotland warned: "The Scottish government has not estimated the total cost of implementation, or the extent to which this will exceed the UK government's agreed contribution. The excess will require funding from the wider Scottish budget."
Philadelphia 76ers' Ben Simmons,, left, tries to go up for a shot as Miami Heat's Hassan Whiteside, center left, goes flying over him, with Josh Richardson, center right, and 76ers' Joel Embiid, right, watching during the first half of an NBA basketball game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Philadelphia. Chris Szagola AP
View 1 more event available today1 more event available today
Choose from our full range of coverage
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
How's this for a hero's journey: In July 2010, one Bitcoin cost just 5 cents. In December 2017, that figure rose to nearly $20,000. And within the last 24 hours, the price fell below $8,000 — and the global cryptocurrency market lost more than $100 billion.
If you've heard Bitcoin as a buzzword but are at a loss when it comes to the definition, you're not alone. Just 24 percent of U.S. adults are familiar with Bitcoin — but that hasn't stopped the digital currency's circulation value from swelling to more than $152 billion despite the recent downturn. That's like a Powerball jackpot on steroids — and a big reason Bitcoin has been such a hot topic recently. Whether you want to be able to talk intelligently about it at a cocktail party or are seriously considering putting some money into it, here's what you need to know.
Think about digital currencies like viewing your checking account balance online — you see the number on your screen, but you don't have the bills in your hands. Think about digital currencies like viewing your checking account balance online — you see the number on your screen, but you don't have the bills in your hands.
What Is Bitcoin?
Bitcoin is one type of digital currency (or “cryptocurrency”), dreamed up by an anonymous inventor in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis. Think about digital currencies like viewing your checking account balance online — you see the number on your screen, but you don't have the bills in your hands. In the case of Bitcoin and other digital currencies, however, there is no standardized physical representation (like a dollar bill) — the assets exist only in digital form. There's also no regulation. The payment network that allows the digital tokens to move between individuals isn't managed by any one entity (like the government) or company (like Visa, Wells Fargo or Venmo). Instead, it's decentralized, made possible by a system of computers around the world. You can't use it for many purchases. Some large retailers like Overstock and Expedia have made headlines by starting to accept it, but they're outliers. And transactions are private; in fact, many users value the degree of anonymity that digital currencies offer.
How Does Bitcoin Work?
The technology that makes Bitcoin and other digital currencies work is called blockchain, which Mercina Tillemann, chief operating officer at the Global Blockchain Business Council, says is kind of like a set of railroad tracks. "In order for me to get something from me to anywhere else, I need that framework — [those tracks] — to exist.” Bitcoin is like a train car that travels on top of the tracks. When you send Bitcoin to someone, the transaction is verified by computers all over the world. The computer or data center that verifies the transaction first (it involves solving a complex mathematical equation) is rewarded in the form of a Bitcoin payment, says Kyle Forkey, general partner at Amentum, a cryptocurrency investment firm. (People and groups who race to do this can turn a significant profit.)
Until recently, it was difficult to move something digitally without the risk of it being copied or altered in the process. For example, think about when you send someone an email — you retain the original, and they receive a copy. If the same thing happened when you sent money, it'd be a real problem, says Tilleman. That's why we currently rely on intermediaries — banks, credit unions, companies like PayPal — to make sure that doubling-up issue never occurs. These middlemen charge fees for ensuring that when you send someone money, you're parting ways with it completely, and the other person is legitimately receiving it. With Bitcoin, there's also always an intermediary — it's whoever is managing the transaction, whether an exchange or other platform. But because there are no restrictions on who can participate (and no account minimums), they're not the traditional financial services players.
Despite economic and geopolitical upheaval from Brexit to the Syrian civil war to provocations by North Korea, investing experts say it would be a mistake to bail out of international and emerging markets. In fact, some say these assets are actually a better value right now than the high-flying American stock market.
“Right now, the international and emerging markets valuation — the price of the stocks — is much lower than the stock prices in America. So it's a buying opportunity,” said Stephen Ng, owner of an eponymous financial advisory firm and author of 10 Financial Mistakes You Should Avoid: Strategies Designed to Help Keep Your Money Safe and Growing.
“Although emerging markets are more volatile in terms of day to day swings, Europe and emerging markets are significantly underperforming the U.S. markets,” said David Frisch, owner of Frisch Financial Group, Inc. “Just because of how much they've underperformed, I would not necessarily run away from these,” he said.
“Specifically to emerging markets, the geopolitical risks are always there,” said Steven Elwell, partner and vice president at Level Financial Advisors. “Those risks are always there and those risks are, in an efficient stock market, priced into the risk you're taking and the returns you should receive.”
Diversification Still the Best Rule
Pros say they're not fazed by the prospect of volatility, and neither should average investors.
“Our feeling is you're going to have something at all times in your portfolio that's just not doing well,” said Scott Cole, founder and principal of Cole Financial Planning and Wealth Management.
“When we get nervous is when everything's going up,” he said — because that means it's only a matter of time before something turns negative, and it can be harder to pinpoint that and respond on the fly than to manage expected underperformance.
“What we always try to educate retail investors on is the power of diversification,” Sameer Samana, global quantitative strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. “It's really hard to predict which region of the world will outperform or underperform.”
Since even overexposure to U.S. equities can be risky, international stocks in a portfolio can provide a counterbalancing force to a domestic dip.
“Approximately half of the world's stocks available to invest in are outside the United States,” Elwell said. “To categorically say, ‘I'm not going to invest there' — you're taking an enormous piece of the overall universe off the table.”
Don't Gamble with Your Retirement
Above all, don't try to time the market. “The average investor is notorious for getting the timing wrong,” Elwell told NBC News.
Especially if your retirement nest egg is riding on the line, it's just not worth the risk.
“You might think you have geopolitics figured out — you think the market's going to zig, and then it zags on you,” Samana said, pointing to recent events like Britain's voting to leave the European Union and the U.S. presidential election. In both cases, the market priced in an expectation that was the opposite of what actually happened.
“What usually happens with any major negative event is the market falls very quickly very hard and it tends to recover,” Frisch said. “There's frequently significant reactions, and usually overreactions, followed by a recovery over some period of time.”
This means bailing out when a sector is at a trough is a mistake, since it deprives your portfolio of the opportunity to make back those losses — and perhaps then some — when the pendulum swings the other way.
“Logically, we know one thing cannot outperform everything else,” Elwell said. “You might as well stick around for the somewhat eventuality of their outperforming.”
CLEVELAND — The Yankees flushed a five-run lead after battering Corey Kluber because Joe Girardi didn't challenge a series-changing call that should have ended the home sixth inning but led to a grand slam by Francisco Lindor.
Then, clinging to a one run lead in the eighth a spent David Robertson gave up a leadoff homer to Jay Bruce that tied the score.
In the 11th inning pinch-runner Ronald Torreyes got picked off second by catcher Yan Gomes with nobody out. He was originally ruled safe but the call was over-turned by an Indians challenge.
Finally, in his third inning Dellin Betances gave up a game-winning hit to Gomes that lifted the Indians to a 9-8 victory in 13 innings that gave the Indians a 2-0 lead in the best-of-five ALDS series in front of 37,681 delirious customers at Progressive Field.
So, nine outs from going home tied after two games and preparing for Game 3 Sunday night at Yankee Stadium the Yankees are nine innings away from getting swept into the off-season.
After Gary Sanchez and Aaron Hicks homered off Kluber and Greg Bird went deep against Mike Clevinger the Yankees led, 8-3, going into the home sixth.
Gary Sanchez pumps his fist after hitting a first-inning, two-run home run. Anthony J. Causi Starlin Castro gives a "thumbs down" to the Yankees dugout in celebration of his double in the first inning. Charles Wenzelberg Corey Kluber hands the ball to Terry Francona, as the Yankees force his exit in the third inning. Getty Images CC Sabathia celebrates after a strikeout in the second inning. Getty Images Aaron Hicks (right) jumps up to high-five Starlin Castro after giving the Yankees a big lead with a three-run home run in the third inning. Getty Images Greg Bird (right) meets Didi Gregorius at the plate after hitting a two-run home run in the fifth inning. AP Francisco Lindor rounds the bases after hitting a grand slam off Chad Green in the sixth inning. AP Jay Bruce rounds the bases after tying the game on a solo home run off David Robertson in the eighth inning. Getty Images Ad Up Next MTA to test out high-tech train tickets The MTA is testing a program that would allow subway... 8 View Slideshow Back Continue Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Facebook Messenger
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
Advertisement
What happened next will be talked about for a long time and will follow Girardi forever.
CC Sabathia, who was surprisingly pulled after 5 1/3 solid innings, walked Carlos Santana and retired Bruce on a line drive to short. Girardi then called for Green, who worked two innings Tuesday night in the AL wild-card game. He retired Austin Jackson and gave up a double to Yan Gomes.
While Green faced Jackson, Aroldis Chapman got up in the pen and shortly thereafter was throwing hard and then sat down before Gomes doubled off the left-field wall.
Pitching coach Larry Rothschild visited Green and Robertson started throwing in the bullpen. At 0-2 Green hit pinch-hitter Lonnie Chisenhall to load the bases for Lindor.
With Robertson standing on a bullpen mound Lindor drilled a grand slam off the right-field foul pole to make it 8-7 and force Girardi to bring in Robertson.
The 0-2 pitch with two outs to Chisenhall appeared to hit the knob of the bat and was caught by Gary Sanchez. Plate umpire Dan Iassogna called it a hit-by-pitch instead of an inning-ending strikeout.
Standing nearby in the first base dugout Girardi didn't challenge the call. Girardi then watched Green give up a grand slam to Lindor.
Robertson, who threw a career-high 3 1/3rd innings in the wild-card victory, replaced Green after the slam and retired four straight.
Instead of replacing Robertson, Girardi stuck with him and Bruce led off the eighth with an opposite-field homer to left that tied the score, 8-8.
Sabathia allowed four runs (two earned) and three hits in 5 1/3rd innings and recovered from a rocky start that was hindered by third baseman Todd Frazier making errors in each of the first two innings.
Missouri defends sending teen to prison for 241 years Missouri is defending a prison sentence for a man who committed robbery and other crimes on a single day when he was 16 and now isn't eligible for parole until...
I'm suing my town because it stinks DES MOINES, Iowa — An Iowa man who said his hometown smelled like “rancid dog food” because of an animal food processing plant sued the city Thursday after he says...
Walgreens will now let customers use bathrooms based on gender identity Walgreens has decided to change its bathroom policies following an incident at one of their Los Angeles locations — in which a woman was denied access to the ladies room...
Deportation of Indonesian Christians halted by judge HIGHLAND PARK, N.J. — A federal judge has temporarily halted deportation proceedings against Indonesian Christians who are in the U.S. illegally but are seeking to gain legal status, including a...
Taylor Swift's lawyers back off from beef with ACLU Swift's attorneys sent blogger Meghan Herning a cease and desist letter last month demanding a retraction after Herning compared Swift, 27, to white supremacists in a feature for PopFront.
Country star Sturgill Simpson trolls CMAs The star of the 51st Country Music Association Awards wasn't even in the building. Sturgill Simpson trolled country music's cronies by busking outside Nashville's Bridgestone Arena on Wednesday night. The...
'Handmaid' hysteria over birth control The Trump administration has unveiled regulations that let a wider range of employers claim a religious exemption from the ObamaCare mandate requiring health plans to cover birth control. Rep. Nita...
A Supreme test for a 'war on cops' outrage The war on cops is moving from the streets to the US Supreme Court. Last week, the justices heard a case that threatens police officers with financial ruin if they...
Share
When you look at how many startups offer well-stocked cafeterias among their employee perks, it's no great surprise to hear that people working in the tech industry love food. But how many loves it enough to launch their own restaurant? At least four: Recent MIT graduates from Brady Knight, Michael Farid, Luke Schlueter and Kale Rogers. They recently launched a new fast food restaurant called Spyce. Its hook? The fact that the entire kitchen is staffed by robots.
Now open for business in downtown Boston, Spyce offers a half dozen bowls of food in Latin, Mediterranean, and Asian styles. Prices start out at just $7.50 a bowl. The explanation for the budget conscious price tag is because using robots to prepare the meals saves on costs. These savings are then passed directly on to the customer for an experience that's both high-tech and wallet-friendly.
“While we expected many people to come to the restaurant at first because of the novelty of the robot, the real benefit of our robotic kitchen comes from the quality of meals we are able to serve,” co-founder and lead electrical engineer Brady Knight told Digital Trends. “Being that our robot does the portioning and cooking, we can ensure the meals are being made consistently and accurately. Another advantage is that our technology allows employees to focus on creating more meaningful connections with our guests.”
When customers enter Spyce, they are met with a human guide who shows them to a touchscreen kiosk where they can place their order. This order is then sent to the kitchen — which is visible to the customers — where the food is prepared by robots. Finally, it's handed over to a human employee to add garnishes like cilantro or crumbled goat cheese, before being distributed to the customer.
Don't worry about a lack of human chef expertise, though. The Spyce robots precisely execute recipes created by Sam Benson of the celebrated Café Boulud. The company also boasts Michelin-starred chef Daniel Boulud on its advisory board, having agreed to participate after seeing a demonstration of the robot in action.
“Running a restaurant is quite difficult,” Knight acknowledged. “It's an industry of low margins, with high turnover rates, and little room for error. While I can't speak to the industry as a whole, our technology has allowed us to deliver incredible meals for $7.50 and serve them consistently. We're excited to be part of the industry and grow with it.”
Follow @insidefutbol
Tottenham Hotspur playmaker Christian Eriksen has insisted that he and his team will head into every game from now on with the feeling that they can win.
The Londoners booked a place in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday as they beat Swansea City 3-0 at the Liberty Stadium.
With the draw for the semi-finals having been held and the Lilywhites being drawn against Manchester United, the Danish international insists that the nature of the opponents does not matter because whether it is for three points or a place in the final, what Spurs need to do is win.
"We're going into every game with the feeling we can win", Eriksen told his club's official website.
"We have to win. Every game is the same – we have to win, whether that's for three points or [n this case] going into the semi-finals.
"There are no other options and we go into every game at the moment with a lot of confidence."
Eriksen has so far scored a total of eleven goals in 38 matches for Tottenham this season and has just as importantly provided his team-mates with ten assists.
His attention though now will turn towards his international duty, where his country Denmark will face Panama and Chile in two friendlies on 22nd and 27th March, respectively.
Trent Dilfer, a former quarterback with the San Francisco 49ers among other NFL teams, is selling his Saratoga, Calif. mansion for $7 million, reports Realtor.com.
The 5,460 square foot Spanish-style property has five bedrooms and five-and-a-half baths. It features four-bedroom suites, two levels of grand formal rooms, a bocce court and vineyard, among many other amenities.
Edward Graziani with the Sereno Group is the current listing agent.
JoJo Cooper watches some old friends Sundays and recalls the days when he was playing alongside Browns defensive back Briean Boddy-Calhoun, Chargers receiver Andre Patton, and Buccaneers receiver Chris Godwin, traveling for football games in Indianapolis and Youngstown, Ohio, and all over the East Coast.
Occasionally, Cooper wonders what would have happened if he had continued playing cornerback, instead of becoming a full-time point guard.
“I sat down and talked to my mom, and I said, ‘I love to play basketball, but I could live without football,' ” said Cooper, a two-sport high school star in Delaware. “There are always thoughts of what I could've done, but I'm happy with my decision. I wanted to possibly come back [to school] for a fifth year and play football, but the way I'm playing right now, if I could play basketball overseas, that would be ideal for me.”
Sometimes, Wagner's senior guard still feels like he's wearing a helmet and pads.
“Can't you tell, the way I play defense?” Cooper cracked.
Cooper always has been among the best defenders on coach Bashir Mason's notoriously stingy units, but the 6-foot-1 senior unexpectedly has transformed his offensive game in his final season, enabling the Seahawks (16-6, 9-2) to take control of the Northeast Conference.
Heading into Saturday's game against St. Francis Brooklyn, Cooper leads the conference in assists (6.5 per game) — he previously never averaged more than four per game in a season — and after shooting a cumulative 32.8 percent from the field in his first three years, he now is shooting nearly 42 percent. Though Cooper never made more than 27 percent of his 3-pointers, he now is hitting better than 37 percent.
Cooper, who never scored more than 8.2 points per game in a season, now averages 14 per game and also is producing a career-best 5.6 rebounds per game, while ranking tied for second in the conference in steals (1.8) and second in minutes (36.0). He is one of only two players in the nation currently averaging at least 14 points, 5.5 assists, 6.0 rebounds and 1.5 steals (Jon Elmore, Marshall) and is on pace to join the likes of Jason Kidd, Anfernee Hardaway and Lonzo Ball as just the 10th player in the past 25 years to post those numbers.
With Cooper his lone returning starter this season, Mason told the pass-first senior he would have more responsibility as a scorer, but the sixth-year coach “honestly” didn't envision the leap he has witnessed.
“He's having a remarkable year, and he's exceeded all of our expectations as coaches,” said Mason, who recently became just the third coach in Wagner history to surpass 100 career wins. “He understands we're going through him, whether he's playing good or not. It starts with him, and I think him knowing that and having that confidence that the coaches believe in him, I think it's taken him to another level.
“After we watch film, he's usually the guy to break us up or say whatever he wants to say when we go on the court. … You can hear a difference in him in how he communicates with the team, with so much more confidence.”
Led by Cooper, Wagner has won five straight games and eight of its past nine and holds a two-game lead in the standings. After going 13 years without a regular-season title, the Seahawks could win their second of the past three years and clinch home-court advantage throughout the conference tournament.
Wagner is 11-0 on its Staten Island floor this season.
“That would mean everything,” Cooper said. “As you can see, people don't really come into our place and beat us because it's an unreal environment. It's just a different feel at home. We don't want to disappoint our fans and family members.”
Of course, disappointment ultimately will be determined in the next few weeks, when Wagner attempts to avenge its conference title game loss of two years ago and reach the NCAA Tournament for the first time in 15 years.
Then, come Selection Sunday, some of Cooper's old friends could be watching him.
“Coming to college, [making the NCAA Tournament] was my No. 1 goal,” Cooper said. “To fulfill that would be amazing. I wouldn't even know what to say. I'd be the happiest man in the world.”
Games of the Week
Purdue at Rutgers (Saturday, 4 p.m.)
The Scarlet Knights' shot at finishing with a winning record for the first time in 12 years is a long-shot, and it's unlikely they will match last season's 15-win mark after losing four straight and falling back into the Big Ten basement, following a 31-point loss to Illinois. Next comes No. 3 Purdue, which won last month's meeting by 31 points.
Charleston at Hofstra (Saturday, 7 p.m.)
The Pride still have a chance to claim their second CAA regular season title in the past three years, but need a win over fellow contender Charleston. Hofstra lost this matchup 76-70 two weeks ago. Justin Wright-Foreman, who had 26 points that day, will need more support this time after no teammate scored more than 10 points in the loss.
Seton Hall at Villanova (Sunday, Noon)
The Pirates have regained their swagger after back-to-back double-digit wins, but the senior-led team faces its toughest test of the season at No. 1 Villanova, where Seton Hall hasn't won in 24 years. The Wildcats won all three meetings last season, which included a 76-46 beatdown in Philadelphia.
Local Power Poll
1. Seton Hall
Record: 17-5, 6-3
Up next: Sunday (Noon) at Villanova
2. Rutgers
Record: 12-12, 2-9
Up next: Saturday (4 p.m.) vs. Purdue
3. St. John's
Record: 10-13, 0-11
Up next: Saturday (Noon) vs. Duke
4. Iona
Record: 14-9, 8-3
Up next: Sunday (Noon) at Marist
5. Wagner
Record: 16-6, 9-2
Up next: Saturday (4 p.m.) vs. St. Francis Brooklyn
6. Hofstra
Record: 14-9, 7-4
Up next: Saturday (7 p.m.) vs. Charleston
7. Army
Record: 12-10, 5-6
Up next: Saturday (3 p.m.) vs. American
8. Manhattan
Record: 11-13, 6-6
Up next: Thursday (7 p.m.) at Rider
9. Monmouth
Record: 7-15, 3-7
Up next: Sunday (2 p.m.) vs. Niagara
10. St. Peter's
Record: 9-13, 3-8
Up next: Sunday (2 p.m.) vs. Canisius
Rodent-proof garbage cans touted by the city as a major weapon in the war against rats are being questioned in one New York City neighborhood. Pei-Sze Cheng reports.
What to Know Residents are questioning the city's highly-touted weapon against rats: $7,000, solar-powered garbage cans
But residents in neighborhoods like Chinatown say garbage bags are piling up next to the bins, defeating their purpose
The Sanitation Department says its workers pick up the bags daily
Rodent-proof garbage cans touted by the city as a major weapon in the war against rats are being questioned in one New York City neighborhood.
The metal, solar-powered bins were installed in the city's worst rat-infested neighborhoods to keep trashed food away from hungry rodents.
Those "rat reservoirs" include parts of Brooklyn, the Bronx, and the Lower East Side, East Village and Chinatown neighborhoods in Manhattan.
By November, officials say 118 garbage cans had been installed in Chinatown, at $7,000 apiece.
The $7,000 trash cans have been placed in neighborhoods with known rat problems, but some residents say trash bags from the bins are left out on the street, defeating the purpose.
Photo credit: NBC New York
“I come out before the sun comes out and normally our corners are filled just like this,” said community activist Karlin Chan as he pointed to piles of garbage bags next to the rat-proof receptacles.
In recent weeks, residents have noticed garbage bags piled up next to these pricey garbage cans, including near Columbus Park, which is well known for its rat problem.
Workers from the Chinatown Business Improvement District remove the white garbage bags from the rat-proof bins. They then leave them on the sidewalk for the Department of Sanitation to pick up. But how often that happens, depends on who you ask.
“I don't see them collect it very often, so it creates the same situation as before,” said George Ma, who owns a souvenir shop.
Fung Lam, who runs a vegetable market, says it defeats the purpose of the receptacles when they leave garbage out for extended periods of time.
“When you leave the garbage bags out, people can still break open the bags and disturb the garbage,” Lam said.
NYC's Latest Strategy to Combat Rats
Marc Santia looks at the City's latest strategy to reign in the rats, while helping the environment. (Published Friday, Sept. 29, 2017)
But Wellington Chen, executive director of the Chinatown Partnership, says “this system is actually working beautifully.”
He says these receptacles compact the garbage and therefore fewer garbage bags are needed per day.
But Chen acknowledged tighter coordination with the Sanitation Department is needed. The department currently says its workers pick up trash from the bins daily in Chinatown, sometimes even twice a day.
“Because these garbage cans contain data,” Chen explained. “The day will come when the sanitation department will know when this is full and when they have to get it.”
Residents are asking for a more immediate solution.
“Sanitation needs to coordinate services with our Business Improvement District," Karlin Chan said. “It defeats the whole purpose of having these cans if you just leave garbage on the street.”
Rat complaints are up from this time last year, so it's not clear how well these bins are working. The community board will be discussing the issue with city officials to see if any improvements can be made.
Remember when the new Germany was keen to put its historical baggage behind it and be Israel's best friend in Europe?
That was then. Now Berlin is set to block a historic chance for raising the Jewish state's international profile.
The issue is a fight for seats on the top UN body, the Security Council. Germany, a major UN donor, mover and shaker, serves on it often. Israel, frequently singled out for international criticism, never has. Until now, in fact, Israel was the only UN member who wasn't eligible for a seat.
But now it is, and in June UN members will choose which countries will take two available council seats next year: Germany, Belgium or Israel. Needless to say, Jerusalem is least likely to win.
Here's how it works: Regional groups present candidates for approval by all UN members. But after joining the UN in 1949, Israel was its only member rejected by all regional groups, especially the one dominated by its warring neighbors. Like Rodney Dangerfield, it got no respect from any Turtle Bay clubs.
So it set eyes on a UN bloc known as the Western Europeans and Other Group. Besides democracies west of the Berlin Wall, WEOG includes Australia, Canada and America.
In late 1990s, one of America's most astute modern diplomats, then-UN ambassador Richard Holbrooke, finally succeeded in adding Israel to the group. To placate Israel's critics, Israel's candidacy for UN bodies would be phased-in slowly — it would have to wait two decades before being eligible for a council seat. As a good-faith gesture, the group promised Israel that it and Belgium would run uncontested for the two open 2019-20 seats.
Then, in 2016, Germany announced it would also run — even though it already served as a council member as recently as 2011-12.
“We run every five years, so the Israelis shouldn't be surprised,” Berlin's then-foreign minister, Frank-Walter Steinmeier, told me at the time.
The Israelis said they were surprised, and understandably sore about Berlin's abrogration of Holbrooke's assurances.
When there is any real competition for a council seat, countries lobby furiously. Now, as the June election approaches, Germany and Belgium have been wining and dining UN ambassadors from key voting countries, hosting lavish receptions and briefing reporters on what they'll do as council members.
Knowing its vulnerabilities, Israel mostly conducts its campaign behind the scenes, hosting decision makers from key voting countries in Jerusalem, and even leaning on Arab allies for support in the General Assembly's secret ballot.
Last week, President Trump's nominee to serve as US ambassador to Germany, Richard Grenell, a former spokesman for several Republican ambassadors at the United Nations, tweeted his support for Israel. He urged Democrats and Republicans to back the isolated Mideast ally and fulfill a two-decade-old promise.
But Germany is unlikely to withdraw. So, unless Belgium yields, Israel's hopes for UN respect seem doomed for now — and maybe for the foreseeable future.
Why? Diplomats have been telling me Israel violates too many Security Council resolutions to be a member — as in the one passed during the last weeks of Barack Obama's presidency, which marked Jewish holy sites as occupied Palestinian territory.
But is building a porch in Maale Edumim really such a huge threat to world peace?
How about, then, a report released last week by UN experts on the Security Council's North Korea sanctions? It found Germany violated a council ban on sparkling wines, exporting $151,840 worth of bubbly and other luxury goods to Kim Jong-un's cronies. Or how about, as the Jerusalem Post's Benjamin Weinthal reports, German companies exporting to Iran banned materials that were later used in chemical attacks in Syria?
Never mind. Germany (and Belgium) will surely benefit from the UN's habit of magnifying Israel's violations beyond all proportion. Thus, Israel's petition to join the most prestigious UN club will likely be rejected, thanks to a late entry by a shameless, clueless, cynical German power play against the Jewish state.
Twitter @bennyavni
Image copyright Getty Images
Channel 4 has revealed the shortlist of seven cities and regions that could be the home of its new national HQ.
The company wants to move 300 of its 800 staff out of London to a national headquarters and two "creative hubs".
The seven shortlisted locations could house either the national HQ or a creative hub. They are Bristol, Cardiff, Glasgow, Greater Manchester, Leeds, Liverpool and the West Midlands.
Six more areas are also in the running, but to be a creative hub only.
They are Belfast, Brighton, Newcastle-Gateshead, Nottingham, Sheffield and Stoke-on-Trent.
'Incredibly impressed'
More than 30 bids were submitted from around the UK. Channel 4 currently has 30 staff based outside London - 25 salespeople in Manchester and five employees in Glasgow.
Channel 4's chief commercial officer Jonathan Allan, who's leading the pitch process, said they had been "incredibly impressed" by the number of submissions and the "high quality" of the applicants.
Image copyright Channel 4 Image caption The current headquarters is on London's Horseferry Road
He said those shortlisted "are best able to meet our vision for our new hubs in the nations and regions".
The final locations will then be chosen in October, with the new headquarters and hubs due to open next year.
It will have a new studio, which has "the potential to be a base for daily programmes", said Channel 4. Its current Horseferry Road offices will remain as the channel's London HQ.
Although 300 jobs will move initially, the channel says it wants that number to grow over time.
The partial relocation is part of Channel 4's plan, 4 All the UK, which is described as the biggest structural change to the channel since it launched 35 years ago.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Fox Business Marshall Loeb, in an appearance on Fox Business News.
Marshall Loeb, a pioneering business journalist who turned Money magazine into a personal-finance juggernaut and later helped put a fledgling MarketWatch on the map as a personal-finance columnist, died on Saturday in New York. He was 88.
His daughter, Margaret Karen Loeb, told the New York Times her father died of complications from Parkinson's disease.
After 12 years at Time magazine, Loeb took the helm at Money magazine in 1980, refocusing the publication on personal finance and turning around what had been a barely profitable venture. He nearly doubled the magazine's circulation in just four years.
In 1986 he jumped to Fortune magazine and performed a similar rejuvenation there. He would also make his mark in radio and television, handing out personal-finance advice in five-minute and one-minute sound bites.
His book “Marshall Loeb's Lifetime Financial Strategies” was published in 1995 and in 1996 he took over editing duties for the Columbia Journalism Review, while continuing his radio and TV work for the CBS networks.
On Jan. 4, 2000 his first column, “Marshal Loeb's Investment Outlook,” appeared on MarketWatch, a relatively new financial news website that had gone public in 1999. Over the next 11 years he would continue to provide investing, personal-finance and general life advice to readers on topics ranging from taxes to stocks to careers to charitable giving. He tackled domestic political topics and international affairs as well.
In his penultimate column for MarketWatch, “Older Americans are a powerful consumer group,” he returned to a subject area that he came back to time and again: the needs of Americans 65 and up. Adding up the population and income numbers for this demographic, he argued, “suggests that this is a big audience to be tapped, especially for items in which they have shown strong interest and need, including travel, dining out, prescription medications and other health-related products and services.” He also wrote on the problem of elder abuse, the need to fight frailty and the financial needs of retirees.
In a July 2009 interview with Steve Gelsi of MarketWatch Loeb talked about his six decades in journalism, saying one of his favorite interviews was with South African leader Nelson Mandela just after he had been released from prison in 1990 after 27 years. He called him “one of the great African leaders of all time.”
He also interviewed Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev in 1990, saying “in many respects he was a a tough guy, but also smooth and he saw the Soviet Union was on the skids and was willing to be more open. He was a great leader.”
Among America presidents, Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman stand out for Loeb. “At a time when people were pushing pencils on the street, Roosevelt inspired the nation. Truman was spectacular; he took over unexpectedly and proceeded to make one decision after another that changed our world.”
As for the financial journalism that he helped reshape, he observed that in 2009 it had become much more sophisticated in the years since the rise of the internet. “It's not enough anymore to just take what is given out in the way of handouts; we need to dig, dig dig and when there are frauds or failures it is our responsibility to dig them out and publicize them.”
According to the New York Times obituary, Loeb was born in Chicago on May 30, 1929. He grew up on the city's “scruffy” West Side, as he called it. He graduated from the University of Missouri with a degree in journalism and immediately set out to see the world, starting with Germany, eventually landing a job with United Press in Frankfort. He also met his wife Irmingard (Peggy) Lowe, a Pan Am flight attendant, there and married her in 1954.
After the couple returned to the U.S., Loeb got a job with the St. Louis Globe Democrat. He eventually found his way to New York and a job with Time magazine, filling roles as business editor, national editor and economic editor before the move to Money.
Among his honors are two Gerald Loeb awards (no relation) that go to financial journalists, one of which was for lifetime achievement.
Loeb is survived by his daughter, a son Michael R. Loeb and six grandchildren. His wife died in 2010.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
One in three older Americans with Medicare drug coverage are prescribed opioid painkillers, but for those who develop a dangerous addiction there is one treatment Medicare won't cover: methadone.
It won't be night for the faint-hearted as award-winning comedian Daniel Sloss examines his own psyche at Cumbernauld Theatre on Sunday.
Despite just finishing 25 dates of NOW at the Edinburgh Fringe, Daniel couldn't wait to get back on stage as he sets out to discover if he's a sociopath.
He said: “I took a break after the festival and spent nine days in Thailand, but the show is now so tight that I couldn't wait to take it on tour.
“I did a few previews of the show to small audiences before taking it to Edinburgh and one of those was actually in Cumbernauld.
“You can write something you think is funny, but then no one laughs, so previews are essential, and it was in Cumbernauld that I realised the show was working so I'm delighted to be coming back.
“I was told that after coming to see my last tour 125 couples had split up, and I admit I rather enjoyed hearing that.
“If you're breaking up after listening to a 20-something comedian I'd question how strong your relationship was to begin with, but I did start to wonder if maybe I'm a sociopath.
“That isn't necessarily a bad thing, and this is all about me exploring that possibility – things can definitely get a little dark.”
Daniel is still only 27, and despite now having spent a decade in the business has no burning desire to move onto other projects.
He said: “When I was young I loved being able to tell people I was a stand-up comedian while making money from it.
“I still have plenty of years in front of me and I think you can only become the best comedian you can be through experience and I am striving for constant improvement.
“I didn't get into stand-up to become an actor or just to be famous, doing a bit of acting can be fun, but I'm not going to spend six months in a TV studio at the expense of my true passion.
“Of course you get offers, but then when you pitch something they want to change it. I am quite precious about my material, you either want my brain or you get nothing.”
Support will be provided by Forth Fringe Award 2016 winner Kai Humphries who has toured with Daniel across Europe.
The show for 16+ only starts at 8pm and tickets costing £13.50 (concessions £11) are available by calling 01236 732887 or online
Wigan v Warrington (7:45pm, DW Stadium, Sky Sports)
There are two blows for Wigan for their top-four clash with Warrington; Joe Greenwood is out with an ankle injury suffered on debut against Leeds last Thursday, while prop Romain Navarrete is also suspended. Ben Flower does, however, hand Shaun Wane a boost by returning – young prop Sami Kibula is also included.
Ben Westwood will make his 500th career appearance if he features on Friday, having been included in Warrington's 19-man squad. England internationals Stefan Ratchford and Chris Hill both return – but Ben Murdoch-Masila and Ben Pomeroy are out through injury.
Wigan squad: Bateman, Clubb, Davies, Escare, Farrell, Field, Flower, Gildart, Hamlin, Isa, Kibula, Leuluai, Marshall, O'Loughlin, Paisley, Powell, Tautai, Tomkins, Woods.
Warrington squad: Akauola, K Brown, M Brown, Charnley, Clark, Cooper, Crosby, Goodwin, Hill, Hughes, G King, T King, Lineham, Patton, Philbin, Ratchford, Roberts, Smith, Westwood.
St Helens v Widnes (8pm, Totally Wicked Stadium)
There are three changes for the Super League leaders for Friday's clash with St Helens. Adam Swift, Kyle Amor and Matty Costello all return to the 19-man squad for Justin Holbrook's side. They replace Ryan Morgan, Matty Smith and Jack Ashworth.
As for Widnes, they bring back fullback Rhys Hanbury into their 19-man squad for the game – as their focus begins to turn to the Qualifiers this summer.
St Helens squad: Lomax, Makinson, Percival, Swift, Fages, Roby, Amor, Taia, Wilkin, McCarthy-Scarsbrook, Douglas, Knowles, Thompson, Peyroux, Richardson, Grace, Lees, Barba, Costello.
Widnes squad: Hanbury, Marsh, Inu, Runciman, Mellor, Gilmore, Dudson, Gerrard, Houston, Whitley, Craven, Olbison, Wilde, Leuluai, Walker, J Chapelhow, Heremaia, Hauraki, Buckley.
Penn and Kim Holderness, the parents behind the Holderness Family, think Father's Day is the perfect time to highlight all the ways dads dance, laugh and play with their families. So the pair put together a parody of Pharrell Williams' hit song “Happy,” combining Penn's own parenting antics with video submissions from viewers around the globe — from the U.S. to Romania.
Here's another one from Brittlestar Twitter handle reads…Stewart Reynolds – Your Social Media Dad. Brand-safe, Family-friendly, Cute, Manly, Decent remaining hair- Be someone's good luck.
About 1,000 years ago Chacoans (early Pueblo people) captured their wondrous experiences of a total solar eclipse by carving the celestial event into a rock. The petroglph reveals a circle with looping streamers that resemble the sun's outer atmosphere, or corona. Researchers think the rock art not only suggests the Chacoans celebrated, rather than feared, this event, but that they saw a coronal mass ejection during the eclipse. [ Read full story on the solar eclipse petroglyph
Report: Chargers hope to have Mike Williams available in October
The Los Angeles Chargers are hoping to have first-round pick Mike Williams available for most of the season.
According to Ian Rapoport of NFL Network, the Chargers are hopeful that they can get the wide receiver to make his debut in October as he works through a herniated disc in his back.
The Chargers may have to consider placing Williams on the Physically Unable to Perform list, but doing so would prevent him from playing until Week 7 when he could theoretically return sooner than that. He is already sprinting on the treadmill and making progress in his recovery, with the player and team electing not to take the surgical route.
Williams has missed training camp and will miss the start of the season, but it sounds like the team is optimistic that they'll have him available for a good part of the season.
OTTAWA — A cosier, more modest Fourth of July party than usual is scheduled for the U.S. ambassador's residence in Ottawa tonight — and the decision by some to steer clear will make it even smaller than planned.
In past years, the annual Independence Day bash has been the talk of the town, with a guest list that grew to include more than 4,000 people under former ambassador and Barack Obama appointee Bruce Heyman.
Under successor Kelly Craft, however — named to the post by U.S. President Donald Trump — the guest list has been trimmed to an estimated 1,000 people.
The start time was also pushed back to make it more cocktail party than picnic, said Sarah Goldfeder, a principal at Earnscliffe in Ottawa and former special assistant to two U.S. ambassadors.
While some in the Ottawa social circuit bemoan having been left out this year, some who made the cut say they plan to stay away out of principle.
Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson, federal NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh and interim Ontario Liberal leader John Fraser are among those giving the event a pass, citing trade tensions and ongoing concerns with the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump.
“Given the current political climate, I don't think it would be appropriate,” Fraser said in an emailed statement. “I wish all of my American friends a happy Fourth of July.”
Fraser, an Ottawa-area member of the Ontario legislature, doesn't usually go to the party anyway, a spokesman said.
But Jim Watson does, and sent his regrets this year, saying he's unhappy about the “constant attacks on our country.”
A spokesman for Singh said the NDP leader was invited, but won't be attending as a show of protest against U.S. policies on trade and immigration.
“While he will not be attending the July 4th celebrations, Mr. Singh knows that it will take more than symbolic gestures to successfully pressure the Trump administration,” James Smith said in an email.
Goldfeder said she doesn't think the boycotts will impact the feel of the party at all.
“There are a handful of people who have decided to make this a comment on the Canada-U.S. relationship and that's fair,” she said.
“They're all in good, safe places to make that comment, but it's for their purposes. I don't think anyone realistically has an expectation that that's something the U.S. administration — especially this one — would be all that impressed by.”
Communications staff at the U.S. embassy have not yet responded to a request for comment about the party or the boycott. In Ireland, where several Irish MPs have made a show of boycotting the Fourth of July party in Dublin, the senior U.S. official at the embassy there suggested such a move was counterproductive.
“Everybody has the right to express themselves and how they do it, but I'm a firm believer in dialogue,” said Reece Smyth, the deputy chief of the U.S. mission in Dublin, which hasn't had an ambassador since Trump took office in January 2017.
“Even when we disagree, I think the dialogue needs to continue as that is the only way we can come to an agreement,” Smyth told the Irish Times newspaper.
Ottawa-area MP Andrew Leslie, the government's parliamentary secretary for U.S.-Canada relations, is scheduled to attend. And Conservative defence critic James Bezan is flying back to Ottawa specifically for the party.
“It's our chance to go and celebrate Independence Day with the Americans and demonstrate we're friends,” said Bezan.
“Members of families sometimes have difficulties, and we have to find a way to work through this.”
Woman drugged boy's slushie before sexual assault: cops A Wisconsin woman allegedly drugged a child's slushie and then forced him to perform sex acts. Tara Gotovnik, 35, was charged with first-degree sexual assault of a child and delivery...
Nun charged with DUI blames Ambien for crash A Philadelphia nun claims it wasn't the altar wine that caused her to crash into a Jersey auto-repair shop — it was the insomnia drug Ambien. Sister Kimberly Miller, 41,...
Kerry Kennedy reminds jury: ‘Daddy was killed' Kerry Kennedy testified in her own defense at her drugged driving trial Wednesday – wasting no time invoking her assassinated “daddy” Robert F. Kennedy. “Daddy was the attorney general during...
For those who shout to the heavens, “Start Davis Webb, now!'' be careful what you wish for. It is unwise to throw Webb onto the field unless it has a chance to be a positive experience for him. As lousy as the Giants operate on offense with Eli Manning at the controls, at least he has the moxie and good sense to get rid of the ball. Will Webb sense what is coming and dump it off or, in his youthful exuberance, will he keep a play alive as long as possible, likely suffering dire consequences for his zeal?
Case in point: Manning was not sacked against the Cowboys, meaning NFL sack leader DeMarcus Lawrence did not add to his total of 13.5. Does this mean right tackle Bobby Hart did good work against Lawrence? Hardly. Hart had “a disastrous game in pass protection,'' according to Pro Football Focus, allowing one quarterback hit and five hurries. Lawrence dominated this matchup without dominating on the stat sheet, mainly because Manning was smart enough to move away from trouble or throw the ball quickly, not allowing anything to develop down the field. At this nascent stage in Webb's development, would he have been able to escape Lawrence's clutches?
This is not to say Webb should not play. He should. The Giants cannot finish up 2-14 or 3-13 and never get a look at the rookie in a regular-season game. Just because they all fouled up the situation the first time around with a stupid scenario that resulted in Manning's self-benching to end his streak of 210 consecutive starts does not mean getting Webb on the field should not be revisited. Get him going in practice, continue to accelerate his workload, activate him (for the first time all season) this Sunday against the Eagles, and if the game gets out of hand (it will), throw him in. The Giants won't be asking him to engineer a comeback. Let him get some NFL snaps and if the vibe is somewhat positive, start him the following week in Arizona.
Manning's streak is already gone and he most likely will be as well, headed for another destination to cap his career elsewhere. Nothing definitive will be gleaned if Webb gets a start or two, but it is better than the alternative of knowing next to nothing about him.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
It's the ad blockers that need to be blocked, according to Facebook. Mark Zuckerberg's social-networking giant said on Tuesday it will begin thwarting ad-blocking software on its site, escalating a...
The decade-long feud between billionaire Louis Bacon and Canadian fashion designer Peter Nygard over their neighboring properties lives on, as a New York appeals court on Tuesday reinstated Bacon's defamation lawsuit claiming Nygard forced him to flee the Bahamas.
A lower court tossed out the case in 2016, saying it should be heard in the island nation because the dispute arose from their relationship as neighbors.
Bacon sued Nygard in January 2015 as part of a dispute over plans to expand his property on the exclusive Lyford Cay, claiming the clothing magnate staged rallies targeting him and had employees vandalize his property. Nygard countersued, accusing Bacon of pursuing a vendetta.
Billionaire Bacon Can't Sue Nygard in N.Y. Over Bahamas Feud
President Trump kicked off his first trip abroad in Saudi Arabia.
It's a big break with tradition, when most incoming U.S. presidents reserve their first foreign visits for neighbors, like Canada and Mexico.
The relationship with the Saudis is fraught with complexity, but it boils down to one thing.
Holiday revelers on both sides of the river celebrated July 4th a little early Tuesday night. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
NEW ALBANY, IN (WAVE) - There were shows of patriotism across WAVE Country Tuesday night ahead of the Fourth of July.
In New Albany, thousands of people gathered on the riverfront for a celebration.
“Especially in times like this, it's important to be able to come together," Summer Bishop said. “It seems like everybody in the city of New Albany is here right now celebrating one thing, and it's really kind of awesome."
The event featured local food trucks and a big firework show.
It also included performances by local bands.
For more on July 4th events in WAVE Country, click here.
Frank Capra's 1944 film version of “Arsenic and Old Lace,'' released 70 years ago and showing Saturday (Oct. 18) at Film Forum, is one of the most beloved and popular...
Image copyright Getty Images
Are there benefits to breastfeeding children up until the age they start school?
A mum who breastfeeds her five-year-old daughter and two-year-old son, sometimes at the same time, says it's good for their health because her children are rarely ill.
Emma Shardlow Hudson, 29, said she is positive it's "because of the antibodies in the milk".
Advice in the UK is that women can breastfeed for as long as they and their child want to.
The NHS does not specify a time when women should stop giving their child breast milk.
Breast milk is recommended exclusively (with no other food or drink) for the first six months of a child's life and then alongside other solid food from six months onwards for health reasons.
Breast is best
Experts agree that there are positive health benefits for both the child and the mother.
Breastfeeding is known to provide protection against infections, diarrhoea and vomiting in babies and it is thought to reduce the risk of obesity and other diseases in later life.
For mum, breastfeeding lowers the risk of breast and ovarian cancer.
But for how long?
At present, there isn't enough UK evidence to recommend how long breastfeeding should last so the advice, in general, is open-ended.
"Breastfeeding into your baby's second year or beyond alongside other foods is ideal," says the NHS website.
It adds: "You and your baby can carry on enjoying the benefits of breastfeeding for as long as you like."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Breast milk can be combined with solids from six months onwards
The World Health Organization agrees that breastfeeding should continue "up to two years of age or beyond".
But Dr Max Davie, from the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health, is prepared to put a limit on it.
"By the age of two, a child should get all the nutrients required through their diet so there is no additional benefit to breastfeeding over this age."
'Does no harm'
However, there are lots of factors involved in any woman's decision to carry on, cut back or stop breastfeeding.
They include going back to work, support from family and friends, and feeling comfortable and confident breastfeeding.
There is also the emotional attachment it can promote between mother and child.
"Breastfeeding is a very personal thing," says Dr Davie.
"It can enhance the mother/child bond and it certainly doesn't do them any harm, so families should do what they feel works best for them."
Image copyright Getty Images
The reality is that around 80% of women in the UK start breastfeeding, but much give up in the first few weeks following the birth of their baby.
By six months of age, only a third of babies are getting some breast milk and this drops to 0.5% by the time they are 12 months old.
According to an international study published in early 2016, the UK has one of the lowest breastfeeding rates in the world.
Child health experts say women can experience problems getting breastfeeding started and they may not always receive enough practical advice and support.
Attitudes to breastfeeding can also lead to women feeling embarrassed and uncomfortable about feeding in public and put them off continuing.
Some women cannot breastfeed or choose not to, and this decision should be respected too, experts say.
A proposal to study whether it's viable to create passenger rail from southern Colorado to Fort Collins has cleared its first hurdle at the state legislature.
Senate Bill 153 would expand a commission that was set up to preserve the existing Amtrak Southwest Chief line in southern Colorado. Now the state wants to consider Front Range rail and extend that existing line.
Democratic Senator Leroy Garcia of Pueblo is one of the main sponsors of the bipartisan bill.
"Look, we talk a lot about supporting rural communities in Colorado," said Garcia.
Garcia says the bill would do that and connect the urban core.
Trinidad Mayor Phil Rico testified at the hearing that the measure would boost visitors to his town and ease the state's traffic congestion.
"You know there's going to be a huge expansion of population over the next several years from what I understand, and it's going to just crowd the I-25 corridor," said Rico.
There were some concerns about whether something like this would be financially feasible depending on how much money the state would have to chip in.
The measure now heads to the Senate Finance Committee.
Capitol Coverage is a collaborative public policy reporting project, providing news and analysis to communities across Colorado for more than a decade. Fifteen public radio stations participate in Capitol Coverage from throughout Colorado.
A record number of people are in work in the UK after another fall in unemployment to rates not seen for a decade, new figures show.
More than 31.8 million adults in the UK are in a job - 300,000 more than a year ago - after a quarterly rise of 37,000, while unemployment fell by 7,000 to just under 1.6 million.
That figure is the lowest since the start of 2006, giving a jobless rate of 4.8%, one of the lowest in Europe.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said the number of people on the so-called claimant count fell by 42,400 in January to 745,000, the biggest monthly fall since the autumn of 2013.
The ONS said the claimant count figures were likely to be volatile because of the complexities of rolling out Universal Credit, which was launched in 2013 to replace a number of benefits, including Jobseeker's Allowance.
Average earnings in the UK increased by 2.6% in the year to December, 0.2% down on the previous month, the ONS also said.
Other figures showed that the number of non-UK nationals working in the UK increased by 233,000 to 3.48 million between October to December 2015 and the same quarter last year.
Non-UK nationals from the EU increased by 190,000 to 2.24 million while those from outside the EU increased by 42,000 to 1.24 million.
The proportion of people working in the UK accounted for by non-UK nationals has increased from 3.8% to 10.9% since 1997.
"Continued moderate growth in employment has led to a new high in the total employment rate, while the rate for women has reached 70% for the first time on record," the ONS said.
"Overall, the labour market appears to be edging towards full capacity," it added.
The number of people classed as economically inactive in Britain has fallen by 31,000 to 8.8 million, a rate of 21% of the working population.
The figure includes students, people looking after a relative, on long-term sick leave, taken early retirement or who have given up looking for work.
The number of people in full-time work has increased by 218,000 over the past year to 23 million, while part-time employment has risen by 84,000 to 8.5 million.
The UK's employment rate of 74.6% is the highest since records began in 1971.
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey, File). FILE - In this Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018, file photo, with cameras covering multiple angles, New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady answers questions during a news conference in Minneapolis. The Patriots are scheduled t...
(AP Photo/Eric Gay, File). FILE - In this Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018, file photo, Philadelphia Eagles cornerback Patrick Robinson (21) and teammates break a huddle during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game in Minneapolis. Philadelphia is sc...
By ANICK JESDANUN
AP Technology Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - It'll be much easier to watch the Super Bowl online for free this year.
NBC won't require proof of a cable or satellite TV subscription, meaning that anyone in the U.S. can watch the game online. Plus, you'll be able to watch the game on a phone even if you aren't a Verizon customer, as was a requirement before.
Here's your online guide to the matchup between the Philadelphia Eagles and the New England Patriots in Minneapolis. Kickoff is at 6:30 p.m. ET Sunday on NBC.
___
THE BIG GAME
The best experience will be on a big screen TV. If you don't have a cable subscription or a good signal with an antenna, you can fire up the NBC Sports app on a number of streaming TV devices, including Apple TV, Roku and Amazon's Fire TV.
Normally, TV networks require viewers to sign in with a cable or satellite subscription. That's being waived starting with the pre-game coverage at noon ET. The free viewing will conclude with a postgame episode of "This Is Us," expected to run until about 11 p.m.
On personal computers, the same coverage will be available through NBCSports.com and NBC.com, again without any sign-in requirements.
Last year's broadcaster, Fox, also waived the sign-in requirements. What's new is a lifting of restrictions on phones.
In the past, you had to be a Verizon customer to watch on a phone. A new rights deal means that customers of Verizon's rivals will be able to watch, too. On Apple and Android mobile devices, you can turn to apps from the NFL and Yahoo Sports (Verizon now owns the latter). You won't be able to watch on a phone with the NBC app, but you can use it on a tablet. The NFL and Yahoo streams will include pre- and postgame coverage, but not "This Is Us."
___
ALL ABOUT THE ADS
The Super Bowl is the rare event where viewers do pay attention to ads. A 30-second spot goes for about $5 million. NBC says local ads sold by individual stations will also appear in the online streams, depending on the viewer's location.
NBC will post the national ads at NBCSports.com as they air. An ad analytics company, iSpot.tv, will also track, record and post ads online soon after they air. YouTube's AdBlitz will also have ads, but only the ones that brands choose to share there. You don't have to wait until Sunday, as many of the ads are already available online.
___
BEYOND NBC
Although NBC has the television rights this year, other outlets are planning features around the Super Bowl.
Without rights to video, ESPN is planning to showcase "the best photos throughout the game" on its website and app. The sports network will also feature analyses of big plays and controversial calls.
The NFL also plans Super Bowl podcasts leading up to the game, along with a special edition of its daily Twitter show, #NFLBlitz, on Sunday at 1 p.m. ET.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Yep, there are still plenty of long hours, hard work and heavy travel. But global investment banks in Asia that want to retain and promote women have been offering more incentives for them to return to work and stay in senior jobs -- and bumping up the numbers of women in their management ranks as a result.
Women account for 13 percent of managing director roles and above at investment banks in Asia, up from 10 percent in 2013, according to a survey of the world's dozen biggest banks by business intelligence provider Coalition. While Asia's percentage is still lower than the Americas, the pace of growth is faster: women in senior roles in the Americas remained at 14 percent from 2014 to 2016, before rising to 15 percent last year, the data show.
Morgan Stanley's Cara Li Photographer: Nicole Tung/Bloomberg
“There is a war for talent,” said Richard Yacenda, Asia-Pacific Chief Operating Officer at Bank of America Corp., where women make up 40 percent of the management team globally. The bank declined to give a breakdown for Asia. “Investment banking has always been a competitive and demanding sector, and we recognize that these are tough challenges for working mothers, so we've tried to build a culture that supports women throughout their careers.”
Wall Street firms are feeling the pressure to recruit and retain women as they grapple with a lack of diversity in their upper echelons and calls by politicians to detail pay gaps. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Citigroup Inc. have announced plans to achieve parity between men and women in some or all of their businesses.
More and more global banks are offering return-to-work programs for professionals to rejoin the industry after taking a career break, typically women who leave while children are young. Banks work with recruiters to source candidates looking to come back to the workforce, who are given training and support after they join.
At Morgan Stanley, a program started in 2014 has recruited over 200 participants globally, with half of them currently taking on full-time roles.
Better Representation Proportion of female managing directors at global investment banks slowly increases Source: Coalition
Some firms are providing extended maternity leave and flexible working practices to retain new mothers. Bank of America offers 16 weeks of maternity leave in Hong Kong, longer than the city's statutory 10 weeks. HSBC Holdings Plc provides coaching and support for new parents and their managers to ease the transition.
Working mothers in regional hubs like Hong Kong and Singapore are helped by the ease of hiring live-in domestic helpers. The minimum monthly wage for such workers in Hong Kong is just HK$4,410 ($562). It remains harder in places like Japan, where many women opt not to return to full-time work after having children due to public daycare centers' long waiting lists and the prohibitive cost of full-time help.
“The return-to-work programs are definitely showing some promise,” John Mullally, a director handling financial services recruitment at Robert Walters Plc in Hong Kong. “I have heard from new mothers who work in banking that it has extended their careers.”
First Head
Cara Li Photographer: Nicole Tung/Bloomberg
Cara Li, who has an 8-year-old son and 7-year-old daughter, was promoted to managing director in 2013 while coping with two toddlers and a client-facing job. She now leads a team of 15 as the first female regional head of real estate investment banking at Morgan Stanley. Li advised a Chinese investor group last year on its takeover of warehouse operator Global Logistic Properties Ltd., which ranks as Asia's biggest-ever buyout.
Li seeks support from her team and supervisors, as well as her spouse, to coordinate her weekly business travel to avoid clashes with family duties.
“Family and work always compete for your time,” said Li, whose job demands as much as 80 hours a week. “I wanted to continue to breastfeed back then but once the travelling started, it just became incredibly challenging to carry on.”
Redesigning Roles
Shane Zhang recommended hiring Li from Linklaters in 2004 and is now her mentor. Zhang, the co-head of Asia-Pacific investment banking at Morgan Stanley, said the bank is open-minded about redesigning roles that work for employees and the company. He encouraged Li to take a talent-development program to hone her leadership skills while working as a mid-level banker, a move that resulted in her promotion.
“We help our female bankers understand there's strong support within the firm,” Zhang said. “We're very focused on making sure female bankers succeed.”
Catherine Wang Photographer: Paul Yeung/Bloomberg
Catherine Wang, Bank of America's vice chairman of Asia investment banking, remembers when she decided in 2005 to take a two-year break from dealmaking. Wang, who now has a 15-year-old daughter and 13-year-old son, was a junior investment banker in the U.S. at the time. She switched to a less demanding role at Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. after her second child was born.
“At times it felt overwhelming to be an investment banker and a mother of two,” Wang said. “The detour helped me avoid a possible burnout, and if I hadn't taken it, I may have quit investment banking altogether.”
Return Program
Wang went back to her same job at Lehman in 2007 as part of a return program and later moved to Hong Kong for JPMorgan Chase & Co. She joined Bank of America in 2015.
“You can always come back and come back even stronger,” Wang said. “Don't be afraid to take a sideways move to get ahead in the long run.”
Apart from relying on company programs, women also need to be confident and raise their hands for opportunities they really want, Wang said. The Shanghai native, who studied mechanical engineering at Shanghai Jiao Tong University among mostly male students, worked as a missile and rocket researcher before switching to investment banking after completing an MBA at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School.
She also thinks mentors and sponsor relationships are crucial for young female bankers.
“Don't underestimate the importance of seeking senior people you respect who can empower you with inspiration and help you propel your career advancement,” Wang said.
Using Guanxi
Deborah Leerhsen Photographer: Anthony Kwan/Bloomberg
Dealmakers in Asia know how “guanxi” -- or relationships -- help bring clients. But few female bankers use their connections as effectively to advance their own careers, according to Deborah Leerhsen, co-head of Hong Kong global banking at HSBC, who also advises on the bank's program to recruit new graduates.
“There are tactical barriers for women to get to the most senior levels because of the current gender makeup of the senior management of many organizations,” Leerhsen said. “One of the ways to overcome these obstacles is by finding a sponsor who can help to navigate the organization and advance your career.”
Democratic legislators presented a slate of proposed laws aimed at curbing gun violence that they said should earn bipartisan support.
But no Republicans appeared with the Democratic proponents at a Monday news conference. Democrats said they have reached out to GOP colleagues.
"We are absolutely seeking Republican co-sponsors," said Sen. Jay Chaudhuri, a Raleigh Democrat. The news conference "is the beginning of a real conversation," he said, and a message that "we are interested in finding common-ground support."
The Parkland, Florida, high school shooting last month, which left 17 people dead, has put gun laws and protecting schools at the center of debate in the North Carolina legislature, which starts its short session in May.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Students nationwide, including thousands in the Triangle, walked out of school last week to remember the Parkland school shooting victims and call for an end to gun violence.
Some school districts, including Stanly and Rockingham counties, are pursuing implementation of a little-noticed 2013 law that allows volunteers who are former law enforcement or military police officers to patrol schools.
The Democrats' proposal includes versions of changes that have become law in other states.
In the aftermath of the Parkland shooting, Florida raised the age to purchase firearms from 18 to 21 and banned bump stocks that allow for faster firing of semi-automatic rifles. The North Carolina Democrats repeatedly invoked Florida Republican Gov. Rick Scott at their news conference.
The Democratic lawmakers' proposal largely mirrors the ideas that Gov. Roy Cooper set forth in a social media post last week, including raising the age to 21 for buying what they described as assault weapons. One difference, Chaudhuri said, is that instead of calling for Medicaid to cover more people, the lawmakers propose funding more school psychologists and counselors.
Included in their proposal is a way for courts to use "extreme risk protection orders" to temporarily remove guns from people who are deemed a danger to themselves or others. Rep. Marcia Morey, a former Durham judge, presented such orders as a step beyond domestic violence protective orders. Anyone with direct personal knowledge can ask the court to remove a gun from someone who exhibits threatening, dangerous behavior, she said, while due process rights are preserved.
Their proposal would also require background checks before purchase of semi-automatic weapons such as an AR-15 from a private seller, as is already the case for people who buy handguns.
Democrats are getting out ahead of a House school safety committee Republican House Speaker Tim Moore organized, which will have its first meeting this week.
Republican co-chairmen of the school safety committee have promised to hear all ideas, but early on, Moore dismissed "the gun debate" as "a discussion for another time."
F. Paul Valone, president of the gun-rights group Grassroots NC, called the Democrats' proposal "an attempt to incrementally end the private ownership of firearms."
The proposed age restriction is a ploy to stunt the appreciation for the Second Amendment among people younger than 21, he said. And the extreme risk protection laws enacted in other states limit due process because judges can make decisions without all parties present, Valone said.
"Any of these proposals, if they come out of the General Assembly, we will vociferously oppose them by all possible means," Valone said. Grassroots NC tracks legislators' votes and sends out 150,000 voter guides, he said.
Democrats called on the school safety committee to consider their bill. Chaudhuri said Democrats would file it even if the safety committee doesn't support it.
The NBA will hold a drawing Tuesday to determine what order the Knicks and Timberwolves will draft in the event neither moves up in the May 16 lottery. Wednesday's last-second Knicks victory over Philadelphia tied them with Minnesota for the sixth-worst record — which already cost them pingpong balls — instead of finishing alone in sixth.
The total number of pingpong balls for the sixth seed and seventh seed now is combined and will be divided evenly, giving Minnesota and the Knicks each an 18.2 percent chance at a top-three pick — and a 5.3 percent chance at the No. 1 pick and a chance to take point guards Markelle Fultz or Lonzo Ball, viewed as the likely top picks.
Had the Knicks lost the finale, they would have had the sixth seed outright and a 6.5 percent chance of winning the top pick and a 21.5 percent shot at a top-three selection.
If neither moves up to a top pick, Tuesday's drawing will determine which team picks ahead of the other, likely sixth and seventh, though there's a slight chance of falling back as many as three spots in the lottery. If the Knicks end up seventh — or lower — they likely would lose a shot at Kentucky's star guards, De'Aaron Fox and Malik Monk, who aren't projected to get past No. 6 in most mock drafts. The Knicks would be in the mix for 18-year-old French point guard Frank Ntilikina, whom they have scouted. The Knicks aren't permitted to work out underclassmen or international prospects until late April. The Knicks also have two second-round picks.
At Friday's press conference, Phil Jackson said: “It's one of the years we have a draft pick, so we're looking forward to that, of course. We'll have a coin flip this next week to determine what position we actually will end with. Our balls will be split in half I think between Minnesota and ourselves. So there'll be a sharing of that. But it's a lottery, so whenever there's a lottery there's always a chance we'll move up or we could move back, as we found out a couple of years ago.''
Two years ago, the Knicks were the second seed and fell to fourth, which turned into Kristaps Porzingis. Despite two promising seasons, however, he already is disgruntled with the franchise. Porzingis, who blew off his exit meeting last Friday, told The Post he has no interest in sitting on the lottery dais because he'll be in Latvia.
In China, religion is big business. The famed Shaolin Temple owns dozens of companies and its abbot is popularly known as the "CEO monk." Two of China's four sacred Buddhist mountains are publicly listed. So management at Mount Putuo Tourism Development Co., which oversees a third holy mountain, probably thought that their own initial public offering would cause little controversy.
It didn't work out that way. Last week, after an unrelenting campaign against the IPO by furious monks, China's top securities regulator announced that the listing had been withdrawn. It was an unusual move by an officially atheist government. But under President Xi Jinping, traditional Chinese religions are enjoying a surge in state support, and are increasingly expected to adhere to higher values than the bottom line. The country's extended experiment in commercialized religion, in fact, is under threat.
Forty years ago, nobody in China would've imagined a religious IPO. Faiths of all kinds had been driven underground during the Cultural Revolution. That began to change in the late 1970s, when religious sites, including churches and temples, were allowed to reopen under strict oversight. Yet the government was concerned that foreign adherents would view the opening as an opportunity to infiltrate Chinese religious institutions (the Catholic Church's role in resisting Eastern Europe's Communist governments confirmed these fears).
The solution officials hit upon was to give approved religious groups permission to self-fund through whatever means they might devise. Thanks to additional rules that ordered the return of religious property that had been seized in previous decades (including temples, monasteries and churches), many of China's religious organizations found themselves in a position to go into business -- specifically, the real-estate business. These days, it's not unusual to find Chinese churches or temples adjacent to, or part of, a shopping mall.
From there, the commercial opportunities only expanded. As these faiths reemerged, they revealed a deep reservoir of religious hunger in China. Temples, churches and mosques soon overflowed with visitors, and pilgrimage sites -- including the sacred mountains -- became major travel destinations. Mount Putuo, 20 miles off the coast of Shanghai, had 8.5 million visitors last year, up 14 percent over 2016. State-owned Mount Putuo Tourism, which primarily sells ferry tickets, took in more than $126 million in revenue in 2017.
With numbers like that, an IPO was almost a certainty in contemporary China. And until recently it wouldn't have seemed especially controversial. After all, the government hasn't been notably attentive to religious sensitivities in recent years, and the previous two sacred-mountain IPOs -- in 1997 and 2015 -- went off without a problem.
But several factors have since changed. Most important has been the ascent of Xi. Although Xi's religious beliefs (if any) are unknown, it's clear that he has viewed Buddhism favorably since his late 20s, when as a young official he supported the reopening and renovation of a Buddhist temple. Since then, he has cited the experience as a model for government cooperation with religious organizations.
More pointedly, Xi has also initiated a campaign to restore traditional culture to China's moral center. In part, this is a conservative reaction to the perceived rise of decadent Western values. But by embracing what he characterizes as China's traditional Buddhist and Taoist faiths, Xi has also sought to bolster the government's claim to moral authority and strengthen state-backed religious institutions. When the Mount Putuo IPO was first announced, the Buddhist Association of China attacked it as a "vulgarization" of the faith, and cited new regulations prohibiting Buddhism's overt commercialization. Three years ago, the group would've been ignored. These days, it has the government's ear.
That's probably good news for adherents of China's traditional faiths, so long as they're comfortable with the long-established intermixing of church and state -- and aren't hoping to turn a faith-based profit.
This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.
GREENSBORO, N.C. — "Survivor" contestant Jeff Varner who outed fellow competitor Zeke Smith as transgender on Wednesday night's episode of the CBS reality competition has been fired from his real estate job.
(L-R) Andrea Boehlke, Jeff Varner, Sandra Diaz-Twine, Oscar "Ozzy" Lusth, Tai Trang, Zeke Smith and Sarah Lacina at Tribal Council on CBS's "Survivor: Game Changers" Jeffrey Neira / CBS via Getty Images
The Greensboro News & Record reports Varner was fired on Thursday from Allen Tate Realtors because he was "in the middle of a news story that we don't want anything to do with."
Varner made accusations of "a deception" before revealing that Smith is transgender on the episode. Varner was immediately criticized by other players. He repeatedly apologized, but was voted out of the competition.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Survivor' contestant fired from job after outing castmate as transgender 2:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Smith explained that he didn't mention that he was transgendered because he didn't want to be known as "the trans 'Survivor' player."
He writes in The Hollywood Reporter that by calling him deceptive, Varner invoked "one of the most odious stereotypes of transgender people."
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
SAN JOSE, CA (AP) — A Texas couple whose 5-year-old daughter died in a crash involving a driver who was allegedly using Apple's FaceTime video chatting app is suing the tech company.
The lawsuit filed this month in Santa Clara Superior Court accuses Apple of not implementing iPhone features that would automatically disable FaceTime based on technology that calculates highway speeds.
Apple hasn't responded to the lawsuit and didn't immediately respond to an email Saturday seeking comment.
Moriah Modisette was killed in a 2014 Christmas Eve accident near Dallas. The lawsuit obtained by California television KTLA claims police found FaceTime running on the iPhone of the driver who struck the Modisette family at 65 mph.
The family claims Apple knew the risks of using FaceTime while driving because the company patented “lock-out” technology in 2008.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
The advent of the smartphone was a key development in the technological evolution of our species. What used to be relegated to entire rooms and even buildings can now fit snugly in our pockets, giving each person the potential to access massive amounts of information from the palm of their hand.
This evolution has not reached its apex, however, as continuing innovations are allowing for more and more capabilities for the technology. With the help of some researchers at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, we can now even replace medical labs with technology optimized by a smartphone.
The relatively inexpensive system known as the spectral transmission-reflectance-intensity (TRI)-Analyzer costs only $550. The device uses light and spectral analyses to do many of the most common laboratory tests. “Our TRI Analyzer is like the Swiss Army knife of biosensing,” says Brian Cunningham, the Donald Biggar Willett Professor of Engineering and director of the Micro + Nanotechnology Lab at Illinois.
Mobilizing Lab Tech
Given the device's capabilities, it is able to adapt to perform a wide variety of tests without the need for a dedicated laboratory. Any test that utilizes a liquid that changes color or generates a light output (think fluorescent dyes) can be run on this device hooked up to a smartphone. “Our Analyzer can scan many tests in a sequence by swiping the cartridge past the readout head, in a similar manner to the way magnetic strip credit cards are swiped,” said Kenny Long, an MD/Ph.D. student and lead author of the research study.
Technology like this device will go a long way in bringing much needed medical access to areas that need it most. Coupling the inexpensive cost with mobility make this device an invaluable tool in serving the people living in underdeveloped regions all over the world. With the help of science and technology, we are taking the lab out of the hospital and, quite literally, putting it into the hands of people who now have the power to save and change lives.
This article was originally published on Futurism.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 This Is the History of the Internet 00:03:28
David Mann, Chief Economist: Global, Standard Chartered Bank, discussed the likelihood of easing policy in China with David Ingles and Doug Krizner. He also goes into repatriation flows following U.S. tax changes, looks into the possibility of U.S. growth peaking this year and wonders whether normalization is coming too late.
Running time 06:27
New York and the Northeast will greet spring with the fourth nor'easter in three weeks and a blanket of heavy, wet snow from Philadelphia to Boston.
Snow will start late Tuesday, pelting New York commuters with 5 to 11 inches (13 to 28 centimeters) by the time the storm ends on Thursday, according to a winter storm watch from the National Weather Service. Boston is likely to get 8 to 12 inches, Philadelphia 10 inches and Trenton, New Jersey, a foot. Washington will begin with rain and freezing rain Tuesday, but may end up with 2 to 4 inches of snow, said Brian Hurley, a senior branch forecaster at the U.S. Weather Prediction Center in College Park, Maryland.
Pedestrians walk through the snow in New York City on March 7. Photographer: Holly Pickett/Bloomberg
“It will be a mess to bring in spring,” Hurley said by telephone. The season begins Tuesday in the Northern Hemisphere. “This is number four taking it from the first day of March. It is unusual but not unprecedented,” he said.
Three storms have already ripped across the Northeast this month, dropping snow by the foot from just outside New York to Boston. More than 2 million customers were without power during the worst of them, which also caused high seas and flooding along the Atlantic coast from Massachusetts to New Jersey. More than 9,100 flights were canceled across the U.S., according to FlightAware in Houston.
Amtrak, Airlines
The new storm, which is forecast to bring winter weather from western North Carolina to Massachusetts, will likely cause problems for Amtrak and airlines. As of 4 p.m. Monday, flights Tuesday out of Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport had been canceled, according to FlightAware.
Boston may get as much as 8 inches of snow by the Wednesday afternoon commute, with another 4 coming after sunset, said Bill Simpson, weather service meteorologist in Taunton, Massachusetts. The Massachusetts weather service office is scheduled to move to neighboring Norton as the storm comes north.
The snow's weight will likely mean more trees and power lines falling, causing outages throughout the area, Simpson said. Towns along Interstate 95 and Boston's South Shore could get less because the storm will initially start as rain.
Before arriving in the Northeast, though, a storm system that may turn into the nor'easter will almost certainly bring “headline-grabbing” thunderstorms and tornadoes late Monday from Nashville, Tennessee, to Birmingham, Alabama, said Dave Samuel, a meteorologist with AccuWeather Inc. in State College, Pennsylvania. “It could even be the biggest severe weather outbreaks of this year,” he said.
Pacific Disturbance
That system is expected to bring slushy snow Tuesday to Appalachia as it moves toward the East Coast, where it's poised to join with an upper-level disturbance currently moving off the Pacific Ocean into California and forecast to whip across the continent. If the two pieces come together the right way, then a large nor'easter could form, Samuel said.
Heavy rains could cause mudslides and floods around Los Angeles, the weather service said.
Adding to the situation is an abundance of cold air available to turn any precipitation into snow, said Gary Best, a meteorologist at Hometown Forecast Services Inc. in Nashua, New Hampshire. A block in the atmosphere over Greenland, which helped spur the past storms, is still in place, he said, adding that “as long as the Greenland block is there, these storms are going to keep coming at us.”
While it's still a bit early to say, another potential storm could hit the East Coast early next week, Best said.
“It could be a hit or a miss, but the way things have been going this year, it will probably be more of a hit than a miss,” he said.
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
Ex-Giants draft bust caught with an insane amount of weed Adrien Robinson, a former Giants and Jets tight end, was arrested Monday after Philadelphia state troopers found 25 pounds of marijuana in his truck. Robinson was charged with intent to...
Jets ditch ex-Giant, swipe another in tight end search The Jets said goodbye to one castoff Giants tight end on Monday while welcoming another. The Jets waived Adrien Robinson and successfully claimed Jerome Cunningham off waivers from the Giants...
10 things to watch in Giants' preseason do-over The opening act wasn't very entertaining. The Giants didn't get much accomplished with their starting offense or defense in the preseason-opening loss to the Bengals in Cincinnati. Now it is time...
Giants end up stuck with tight end by committee Tom Coughlin admitted the Giants do not have one player who can be considered a complete tight end and so it will have to be a tight end by committee....
Adrien Robinson finally may be ready to be 'the JPP of tight ends' Jerry Reese meant it as a compliment, but it's starting to feel more like an albatross to Giants tight end Adrien Robinson. Reese famously labeled Robinson “the JPP of tight...
Gilbride: Giants are in 'collective malaise,' but can fight way out Eli Manning and Kevin Gilbride were joined at the hip for seven seasons as Giants franchise quarterback and offensive coordinator, for two Super Bowl championships, for record-breaking seasons. Then their...
This Giants TE showed his potential in preseason win INDIANAPOLIS — Adrien Robinson said, “I've been waiting for a chance to make plays like that.'' The Giants have been waiting for it, too. Saturday night, the third-year tight end...
Giants 'loving' what they see from TE Larry Donnell sits atop the Giants' tight-end depth chart two days before the exhibition opener against the Bills at the Hall of Fame Game in Canton, Ohio. But he's more...
How Ben McAdoo is helping the Giants' defense The fast pace the Giants are displaying on offense is serving to benefit the team's defense, which has to keep up with the rapid-fire plays being run with much more...
With chocolate advent calendars becoming the norm, a couple of dozen sample-size products are now the ideal way to get us in the Christmas spirit.
For anyone driving to work, beer and prosecco may not be a great way to start the day, while cheese is similarly not to everyone's taste.
But who doesn't want some baked goods from one of the UK's favourite bakers?
So the calendar launched by Greggs is sure to be a firm favourite with, well, as they describe it, ‘the ultimate Christmas gift for every Greggs fan.'
Unfortunately, rather than the door revealing a tasty morsel, you will instead find a token, that you then take into one of Greggs' shops and exchange it for a different treat every day.
The company have a Christmas menu on top of its regular offerings, so as well as the ubiquitous sausage roll, there's the Festive Bake, flavoured lattes and sweet mince pies.
The calendar doesn't come all that cheap, to be fair - but offsetting the £24 cost is the £5 gift card behind door 24. And its contents are reckoned to be worth, at retail prices, between £35 and £60.
And just to show Christmas is a time for giving, some lucky customers will find a £25 gift card on Christmas Eve, which will put you ahead on the deal.
A Greggs spokesperson said: “Novelty advent calendars have been around for years, so we thought it was time to take the concept up a notch.”
However, Greggs have come under fire following the calendar's launch, as one of the campaign pictures features the three wise men in a manger, but with the baby Jesus replaced by a sausage roll.
The ‘Adoration of the pastry' has sparked a mixture of outrage and amusement online.
Simon Richards of The Freedom Organisation said: “Please boycott @GreggsOfficial to protest against its sick anti-Christian Advent Calendar. What cowards these people are: we all know that they would never dare insult other religions!”
And Beth Rosenberg said: “Out of interest do you think the people at Greggs understand that Jesus was Jewish and serving up a pork sausage roll in the manger is unbelievably inappropriate?”
However, food critic Jay Rayner said: “This is appalling... this is outrageous... as a Jew I strongly... ooh, Greggs sausage roll…”
And comic Bob Mortimer tweeted: “Come on KFC.. show Greggs the way... put a miniature Jesus in all your Christmas buckets”.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (WDTN) – The Ohio Legislative Black Caucus (OLBC) does not want to see the state allow the Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow (ECOT) to become a dropout-recovery school without a discussion first.
As such, lawmakers are seeking an emergency oversight hearing to prevent ECOT from changing its curriculum.
They want to make sure ECOT can handle being a dropout-recovery school before they are given another cent of tax payer dollars.
Recent state report cards showed, ECOT earned an “F” but the department of education could allow them to transition to a dropout-recovery school, which would immediately improve that grade.
This would allow ECOT to avoid losing the right to operate next year as a result of multiple failing grades.
State Senator Vernon Sykes says that's just not right.
“If you've had ineffective ratings then you shouldn't be allowed to reclassify to give you the opportunity to be ineffective in another area,” said Sykes
Sykes and others in the OLBC are calling for an emergency hearing to discuss the future of ECOT.
“There is too much at stake when we are talking about real children, real lives that are at stake, to just change things in mid-stream when we know that they have some serious deficiencies in their accounting thus far,” said State Representative Stephanie Howse.
ECOT already owes the state close to 80 million dollars in overpayments because of enrollment discrepancies they reported for the 2015-16 and 2016-17 school years.
And when it comes to verifying the requirements of becoming a dropout recovery school, the department of education simply takes the school's word for it.
“We need to judge people and organizations on their past performance, not on just what they say but what they have done; and their record is outrageous,” said Sykes.
There is some question whether ECOT can meet the enrollment requirements to become a dropout recovery school, which is supposed to serve 16-21 year olds.
The crack media buzzed this week with the discovery of a total front-page, news-breaking, breathtaking videotape. GOP presidential candidate and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, CNN reported, was caught on camera...
So we're supposed to breathe easier now that Bill Ayers says he wouldn't have assassinated a secretary of defense. The former Weather Underground leader gave this answer during an NBC...
Manhattan DA Cy Vance is right again: It would be an enormous “mistake” for Congress to de facto nationalize US gun laws at the lowest common denominator with the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act.
Outrageous, too — since federal lawmakers have a heck of a lot of urgent work on their plates, from replacing ObamaCare to passing pro-growth tax reform. (Go repeal some dumb regulations, if you're that bored.) It may be easier to indulge in culture-war gestures like forcing loose gun laws down New York City's throat, but that's hardly an excuse.
Not to mention the Pottery Barn rule: If you break it, you own it. This is now the safest large city in America, with homicides at historic lows. In the public's eye, lawmakers who pass this law would wind up owning every shooting from a gun legalized under it — including the inevitable dead cops.
The NRA and other gun-rights types might see this as payback for the relentless push by New Yorkers like ex-Mayor Mike Bloomberg for tougher gun laws in the rest of the country. In fact, it's the same thing: a foolish effort to push a parochial set of values into areas where they don't make sense (at least, not to the people who actually live there).
We're not obsessively pro- or anti-gun: We've always supported the NYPD's efforts to get illegal guns off the street, yet see no point in throwing the book at every idiot tourist who doesn't realize his out-of-state gun permit is no good here.
And we slapped Gov. Cuomo for his drive to rush through slapdash new state gun controls after the Sandy Hook horror.
No magical perfect gun law — not the NRA's, not Bloomberg's — is going to make America or any part of it a drastically safer place: The world just doesn't work that way.
Arrogant ideologues can do real damage if people of good sense don't stop them. Here's hoping Congress still has the sense to avoid this particular idiocy.
Image copyright Google Image caption In November the Bright Tribe Trust said it was pulling out of running the school
The discovery of asbestos has temporarily closed a troubled school.
Whitehaven Academy in Cumbria said a routine survey found "there had been a disturbance to building materials containing asbestos".
In a statement on the school's website, the Bright Tribe Trust, which runs it, said "swift and effective remedial action was taken".
The trust pulled out in November after concerns over standards and safety, but new management has not yet taken over.
The school was closed on Tuesday to allow further survey work and a risk assessment.
'Precautionary measure'
"This is not a decision that has been made lightly but we feel this is in the best interests of staff and students," the trust said.
Affected areas had been tested for airborne asbestos as a "precautionary measure taken to reassure staff and pupils" and results showed they were safe, the trust said.
The school would be reopened once its management was "in a position to give the necessary reassurances", it said.
It pointed out asbestos was present in most UK schools.
The academy, which is in special measures, has had six head teachers since Bright Tribe took over in 2014.
The trust has blamed problems on a lack of investment before it took over.
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
SAN JOSE >> A smoking passenger forced a Southwest Airlines flight to make an emergency landing at San Jose International Airport on Wednesday afternoon, the airline said.
Flight 1250 departed San Francisco International Airport and was headed to Los Angeles International Airport when the pilot reported a “mechanical difficulty,” said San Jose International Airport spokeswoman Rosemary Barnes.
The difficulty, Southwest explained in a statement, was a passenger who appeared to be smoking in a lavatory.
The aircraft landed safely in San Jose at about 4:10 p.m. and taxied to a gate under its own power, said Barnes, adding that the emergency did not impact operations at the airport.
The airline said it turned the alleged smoker over to authorities.
As for the remaining 32 passengers, Southwest said it was working to get them on to other flights.
Barcelona have agreed a deal with Guangzhou Evergrande to sign Brazilian midfielder Paulinho for €40million, the Spanish club confirmed.
The new Barcelona player will sign for the next four seasons (and) the players buyout clause is set at €120million , Barcelona said in a statement.
Paulinho will undergo a club medical on Thursday when the signing of the contract and his official presentation will also take place.
The 29-year-old is Barcelona's first signing since the Spanish giants sold Neymar to Paris St Germain earlier this month for a world record €222million , with the Catalans still looking to make further reinforcements.
Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Borussia Dortmund's Ousmane Dembele have both been targeted by Barcelona as they search for a player capable of replacing Neymar's spark on the left of the attack.
Coutinho has handed in a transfer request at Anfield. Barcelona have had two bids rejected for Coutinho and are poised to return with a third offer, according to reports in Spain.
The arrival of Coutinho's Brazil teammate Paulinho will allow Barcelona to add more muscle and energy to a midfield which struggled to keep control of games last season.
"Paulinho is a player who stands out for being a powerful midfielder at 1.82m tall who can get into the box and play anywhere in the middle of the park. He has plenty of experience in the game on various continents, Barcelona added.
Paulinho failed to make an impact in the Premier League with Tottenham Hotspur after joining from Corinthians and departed to Guangzhou Evergrande in 2015 for €14million.
While in the Chinese top flight Paulinho found his best form, scoring 25 goals in 95 games for Guangzhou, and earned a recall to the Brazilian national side.
DENVER — For all the future bullpen help the Mets acquired before the non-waiver trade deadline, the present situation remains dicey.
Navigating the final two innings became an adventure for manager Terry Collins and Co. on Tuesday night, when Paul Sewald and Hansel Robles couldn't get the necessary outs in a 5-4 walk-off loss to the Rockies at Coors Field.
Nolan Arenado's RBI single off Robles won it, moments after Amed Rosario mishandled a grounder — ruled a hit — off DJ LeMahieu's bat.
The Mets (48-56) lost their third straight, on a day their top prospect Rosario was promoted to the club. Rosario went 1-for-4, recording his first major league hit on an infield single in the eighth.
Jay Bruce's homer leading off the eighth put the Mets in position for the victory, with a 4-3 lead before the bullpen crashed.
Or did it?
“Our bullpen did a nice job,” Collins said. “They held them down and unfortunately [the Rockies] got the last at-bat, which happens in this place.”
In the ninth, Robles walked Charlie Blackmon leading off. LeMahieu then hit a grounder to shortstop, but with Rosario breaking to cover second as Blackmon took off on the play, the ball kicked off his glove on an attempted back step. Arenado followed with the game winner.
Sewald was charged for a run in the eighth, as Carlos Gonzalez's infield single against Jerry Blevins scored the tying run. Sewald had allowed consecutive singles to Mark Reynolds and Gerardo Parra to begin the inning.
Steven Matz rolled into the sixth, but was removed before he could record an out in the inning, surrendering a three-run homer to Arenado that put the Mets behind 3-2. Matz was removed after the ensuing batter, Mark Reynolds, doubled.
Overall, Matz allowed three runs on six hits and two walks with two strikeouts in the five-plus innings. But it was hardly the kind of performance that screamed “rebound” after a four-game stretch in which Matz had pitched to a 14.18 ERA.
“It was good for the first five [innings], but it's frustrating,” Matz said. “You have to limit the damage in a close ballgame.”
Matz didn't allow a hit until the fifth, when Trevor Story beat out a grounder on which Rosario ranged into the shortstop hole and briefly hesitated. Originally scored an error, the play was changed to a hit. Ryan Hanigan delivered a two-out single in the inning before Matz retired pitcher Jeff Hoffman to keep the Mets' lead at 1-0.
Yoenis Cespedes gave the Mets a first-inning run with an RBI double. Michael Conforto walked leading off the game and scored on Cespedes' shot into the left-field corner.
Healthy 234,000 jobs added in January: ADP US businesses continued to hire at a healthy pace in January, a sign the economy is off to a solid start for the year. Payroll processor ADP said Wednesday that...
US economy added 250,000 jobs in December US companies closed out 2017 with strong hiring in December, adding the most jobs in nine months — news that sent the Dow Jones industrial average soaring past a record...
ADP CEO says Bill Ackman got an 'ass-whipping' in proxy vote Activist hedge fund mogul Bill Ackman's reputation was left in tatters on Tuesday after a bruising proxy battle lost against ADP. Coming on the heels of woefully underperforming the markets...
Proxy firm dismisses Ackman's advice for ADP shareholders Proxy advisory firm Institutional Shareholder Services shot down Bill Ackman's attempt to have it change its voting recommendations for Automatic Data Processing's shareholders. In an 18-page letter sent Monday, Pershing...
Pro-ADP proxy advice irks Ackman Bill Ackman is not happy with proxy advisory firm Institutional Shareholder Services. The hedgie behind Pershing Square said ISS relied on “non-public, inaccurate and misleading information, claims, and arguments” it...
ADP vote is like electing the US president: Ackman Bill Ackman took a page from Uncle Sam's playbook in a plea to get shareholders of Automatic Data Processing to vote him and two of his nominees onto the payroll...
ADP calls out Bill Ackman for flip-flopping They've done everything but shoot spitballs at each other and make funny faces. In one of the most cantankerous activist investor battles currently simmering on Wall Street, Automatic Data Processing...
Bill Ackman's latest appeal to get on ADP's board Call it Bill Ackman abridged. The activist investor will once again make his case for why his hedge fund Pershing Square deserves three seats on Automatic Data Processing's board in...
Leon Cooperman says Ackman's attack on ADP is 'disgraceful' Bill Ackman's proxy battle against Automatic Data Processing is “disgraceful” — and it's going to be a disaster, according to hedge-fund tycoon Leon Cooperman. “He's going to lose, he's not...
There should be zero tolerance for pot use by drivers or their passengers, a new report by the Canadian Mental Health Association Ontario branch recommends.
The report, Cannabis Legalization and Regulation, also says that all marijuana revenue should go to fund mental health and addiction services, and that the minimum age to purchase the product should be 19 years old.
“The risk is that legalization of cannabis may lead to an increase in use among Ontarians,” Camille Quenneville, CEO of CMHA Ontario, said in a statement Monday. “When taken together, our recommendations can minimize the harms associated with cannabis use and support a public health approach to this issue.”
As the Justin Trudeau government gets set to legalize pot by July 2018, CMHA Ontario prepared a report for the provincial government with recommendations on how to go forward.
The report says marijuana legalization should be viewed through a public health lens.
CMHA Ontario anticipates an increased need for mental health and addiction support services with legal pot, especially for youth and heavy consumers “ranging from brief interventions for at-risk users to more intensive interventions,” as well as extensive public education campaigns.
The “most concerning” issue is driving high, with data already showing that an estimated 10.4 million vehicle trips a year involve a motorist that had used marijuana, the report says.
Testing for drug-impaired driving may not accurately reflect the level of impairment, it says.
“Because the technology to detect an individual's level of impairment due to cannabis is still in development at this time, CMHA Ontario recommends a zero-tolerance policy for cannabis consumption in any motorized vehicle in order to ensure road safety during this time of transition,” the report says. “A zero-tolerance policy would include both the driver of the motorized vehicle, and any passengers in the car. It is important that a clear message be sent to the public as soon as possible regarding zero tolerance for impaired driving due to cannabis use.”
While the Canadian Medical Association, which represents the nation's doctors, called for a minimum legal pot-buying age of 21, CMHA Ontario suggested the lower age of 19.
“Frequent cannabis use can harm a developing brain and there is no evidence that supports a specific age when cannabis use is safe for young people,” the report says. “However, there are concerns that a higher minimum age may contribute to young people accessing cannabis from illegal sources. Establishing a higher minimum age standard will be less effective in undermining the black market, and may leave youth both criminalized and reliant on it.”
aartuso@postmedia.com
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
JERUSALEM — Gaza militants fired more than 25 mortar shells toward communities in southern Israel on Tuesday, the Israeli military said.
No one was hurt and the military said most were intercepted by the Iron Dome defense system. But the high volume of projectiles came as tensions have been running high along the Israel-Gaza border. It appeared to be the largest single barrage fired since the 2014 Israel-Hamas war.
Israeli media reported that one of the shells landed near a kindergarten shortly before it opened.
The border area has been tense in recent weeks as the Palestinians have held mass protests aimed at lifting a blockade imposed by Israel and Egypt after Hamas seized power in 2007.
Israeli fire has killed more than 110 Palestinians, most of them during the Hamas-led protests, which climaxed on May 14.
On Sunday, Israeli shelling killed three Palestinian militants from the smaller Islamic Jihad group after the troops found a bomb planted along the border. The Islamic Jihad vowed retaliation.
On Monday, a tank fired at a Hamas position in the Gaza Strip, killing one man and wounding another, after Israeli troops came under fire on the frontier while apprehending two armed Palestinians.
Hamas has vowed to continue the border rallies. Israel says it is defending its border as well as its communities nearby. It accuses Hamas of trying to carry out attacks under the cover of protests.
If you thought Apple's Face ID spelled the end of the fingerprint sensor, think again. Synaptics Inc., a company that creates touchpads and fingerprint sensors, has unveiled the next-generation Synaptics Clear ID, a fingerprint sensor that sits just under the glass of a smartphone.
As smartphone manufacturers shrink the bezels around a screen, there's less space for a fingerprint sensor on the front of the phone. Fingerprint sensors are used to unlock smartphones, and even access sensitive content like a banking app. Many Android manufacturers place these sensors on the back of the phone, so it doesn't affect the bezel-less trend. Some — like OnePlus, LG, and Samsung — offer facial unlocking technology via the selfie camera.
The sensor is two times faster than 3D facial recognition.
With the iPhone X, Apple went all in on Face ID, going so far as to remove its fingerprint technology, Touch ID. The move has led analysts to believe more Android manufacturers will invest in facial-recognition 3D cameras next year. Synaptics thinks both rear fingerprint sensors and facial unlocking technology are not ideal. If your phone is sitting on a table, you have to pick it up to access the rear fingerprint sensor — the same is true to have it recognize your face. Apple's Face ID also caused the iPhone X to have an “irregular-shaped display,” also known as the “notch,” to cram the tech in.
Synaptics' Clear ID FS9500 is a mass-production-ready sensor the company will sell to smartphone manufacturers. It works under OLED displays, which most flagship smartphones use, and it's quite different from a traditional sensor. The fingerprint sensor on your phone now is capacitive, using electric current to capture your imprint. Clear ID is an ultra-thin optical sensor that captures your print with light emitting from the OLED panel on the smartphone.
The full process works like this: The sensor detects the finger, the OLED display lights up the finger, the sensor scans the fingerprint, and the “matcher” verifies the image and confirms the imprint is yours, granting you access. The sensor can be placed anywhere on the screen the manufacturer wants, though Synaptics offers some general guidelines.
The Clear ID sensor can work on rigid or flexible displays, and the company told Digital Trends it should work even if the phone has a screen protector, or if the screen is wet. Synaptics said the sensor is two times faster than 3D facial recognition, unlocking at about 7 milliseconds — that's on par with traditional fingerprint sensors today.
It's unclear just how secure this under-glass fingerprint sensor is compared to present-day sensors, but Synaptics claims a 99 percent spoof attack rejection rate. It said the technology uses machine learning to help verify when there's an attempted spoof taking place. We'll have to test those claims when Clear ID makes its way into smartphones.
When will that happen? Soon — the company is working with a top five smartphone manufacturer to integrate the Clear ID sensor into a bezel-less phone in 2018. Synaptics isn't alone in this race. Qualcomm has already unveiled under-glass fingerprint scanners that utilize ultrasonic techology, and Apple was rumored to be working on similar technology in the lead up to the iPhone 8.
Synaptics will demo Clear ID at CES in January 2018.
Usually trading season begins after the draft, which begins next Monday. Afterward, teams redeploy scouts and attention to more fully explore what is available — as buyers and sellers — as the July non-waiver deadline approaches.
But a somewhat significant deal between the Rays and Mariners already has taken place (with Alex Colome and Denard Span going to Seattle). And the Padres and Royals are, at minimum, willing to listen now, according to executives (Jon Heyman of FanRag reported last week about Kansas City being open for business).
That the Padres and Royals began Wednesday a combined 42-69 indicates they will not have much to offer. Whom these teams want to move, and whom they will be able to and get something appealing back for, is different. Kansas City, for example, would love to offload the contracts of Alex Gordon, Jason Hammel and Ian Kennedy and, well, good luck with that.
Mike Moustakas has played well after returning on just a $6.5 million deal. But there is just not much of a market for third basemen. The most attractive piece is closer Kelvin Herrera (0.87 ERA), but even his value is dimmed at least somewhat because he is a free agent after this season. Almost every contender looks to upgrade its pen in July, but keep a particular eye on the Astros, Angels, Braves, Indians and Red Sox.
The Padres, meanwhile, would love to escape from the three years at $64 million owed Wil Myers after this season. But the reason (beyond their glut of outfielders and Eric Hosmer now entrenched at first base) is that Myers has not turned into a star or shown he can stay healthy, which will make moving him arduous.
The Padres' most attractive piece right now is Tyson Ross, who is pitching his best since 2015. The problem is that he hardly pitched at all in 2016-17, particularly because of a shoulder injury, which will give interested teams pause in considering him. This version of Ross is 4-3 with a 3.29 ERA, striking out better than one batter an inning and doing well on the road away from the pitching haven in San Diego. He makes just $1.75 million this year, which puts him on any contender's budget, but he also is a free agent following this season.
A surprising ‘Mark'
Who is your favorite breakout player of 2018? Gleyber Torres? Ozzie Albies? Aaron Nola?
How about Nick Markakis, who is 34 and is nearing 1,900 games. Always a good player in the Brett Gardner/Asdrubal Cabrera mode, he is (like Cabrera) having a career year. But it is a career year that forces you to look at the totality of his work.
He led the NL with 73 hits, which brought him to 2,125 for his career. The only player with more to never make an All-Star Game is Juan Pierre (2,217), and that could change this year with Markakis third in the NL in batting (.338), seventh in OPS (.911), sixth in RBI (38) and ninth in runs (33).
And if this is actually some kind of late-career surge (something Daniel Murphy-ish), could Markakis make a run at 3,000 hits? And if he does, what would the Hall of Fame candidacy look like for a, so far at least, zero-time All-Star and two-time Gold Glove winner who has never received an MVP vote.
My suspicion is he ultimately falls into the Johnny Damon (2,769)/Vada Pinson (2,757) realm of a durable hit collector who was consistently good, but not great enough to make a serious Hall run.
“They're not going to be restarting anything," Mr Trump vows of the Iran nuclear programme.
Man burns house two weeks after wife drinks kerosene
A Covent Garden, East Bank Demerara (EBD) man allegedly set his house on fire, two weeks after his wife drank kerosene in an attempt to escape from domestic violence.
The man has been identified as Rampersaud Seepersaud. He is currently nursing burns to his hands at the Diamond Hospital.
His wife who has been identified as Sandra Seepersaud is currently in the care of Help and Shelter. The couple's two children, Mandy, 19, and Randy, 15, were not at home when the house was set on fire.
Mandy Seepersaud was staying with her aunt, who lives next door to their Lot 89 A Covent Garden home while her brother was staying at another relative's home.
Around 04:30 hrs yesterday, the young woman said that she woke up and decided to peep out her bedroom window only to realise that their home was on fire.
“I see a light and I know we don't have so bright light in the house so I wake up everybody and tell them fire,” the young Seepersaud said.
While fire-fighters could not save their two-storey home, neighbouring buildings were saved.
Seepersaud said that it seemed as though her father, after seeing the fire, locked the house and went out in the road.
He later returned and told ranks from the Guyana Fire Service that he had left a fan on and suggested that that might be the cause for the blaze.
However, the man's children seemed convinced that he started the fire. His son said that he found a burnt chair at the back of the yard and assumed that his father might have lighted the chair first but started another one in the kitchen.
“We have two fans and both were working well so it cannot be that. He had to start that fire because he told my aunt that he will burn her house because he thought she was hiding my mother,” Mandy Seepersaud noted.
She explained that her mother suffered from daily abuses at the hands of her father for a number of years.
“He works whenever he wants to work and he drinks all the time, and when my mother got a job, he called her workplace and told them that she was having an affair with the guard and that she was stealing, just to get her fired,” the young lady revealed.
She said that the torment got unbearable and her mother drank kerosene and was hospitalized for a week.
“When she come out, she was placed in Help and Shelter care and my father keep finding out where she is and he thought my aunt was hiding her so he told her (aunt) he would burn her house,” Mandy said.
The police have not taken a statement from the suspect as yet.
There is an uncommon amount of interest in an election this weekend whose entire voting body is 447 people. The election is for the chairmanship of the Democratic National Committee, the governing body of the national Democratic Party.
It's a boring job. The party's chair is supposed to raise money, oversee the practical nuts-and-bolts of the party's electoral machinery and help strategize on candidates and expenditures for upcoming races.
And yet CNN hosted a live, 90-minute debate Wednesday night with eight candidates on stage — eight candidates vying for the attentions not of a state's primary voters or a national electorate but rather 447 professional Democrats for whom what was said on CNN will likely matter very little.
Depressed and clear-thinking Democrats who managed to stay awake through the proceedings — and I congratulate them if they did — surely saw nothing to rouse them from their despair. There was a sitcom element to the proceedings, featuring as they did an overly well-spoken millennial from Ohio, a manic pixie dream girl from Idaho and a clueless older guy lawyer from DC who seemed to have wandered in from the hotel bar.
The two most compelling people on stage have no chance of winning: one a former head of Rock the Vote and the other the mayor of South Bend, Ind. — who's beloved of mainstream media types because he's a witty, gay Harvard Rhodes Scholar. (DNC candidates: they're just like us!)
Conventional wisdom says the race is down to Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota and former Labor Secretary Tom Perez.
But neither was even remotely impressive, even though Barack Obama calls Perez “wicked smart” and Ellison proved himself exceptionally skilled at obfuscating his radical leftist leanings and acting outraged that anyone would dare point out his irrefutable Nation of Islam background.
Both Perez and Ellison threw out crowd-pleasing bait about President Trump's evil and the Democratic Party's deep goodness, but they performed so unmemorably, they made one long for the days when the somnolent Martin O'Malley was on stage at the Democratic presidential debates.
The evening focused on large questions about how the party should challenge Trump and whether Hillary Clinton should run again. Those are probably not the questions these candidates need to answer to secure a majority of 224. These party regulars are going to want to know what they're going to get in the new order — what kinds of resources will be committed to their causes, their hobbyhorses, their ideas about how to rebuild.
The reason Democrats should be dispirited is this: No one dared to speak honestly and directly about the very specific challenges he or she will face as DNC chair in the wake of the slow-motion disaster that overtook the party while no one was watching.
By the time Barack Obama left office, not only did he have to cede the Oval to Trump, but he had presided over the national collapse of his party. During the Obama years, the Democrats lost a net 13 Senate seats, 63 House seats, nine governorships and more than 1,000 state and local elected positions.
Institutionally, Obama has left the national Democratic Party in worse shape than at any point in the past century. Hillary Clinton may have garnered 3 million more votes than Trump nationwide, but she did so while winning only 486 of the country's 3,113 counties.
Will the people whose hands will be on the levers of the Democratic Party apparatus continue to comfort themselves with Hillary's victory in the popular vote rather than focus on their mishandling of the Rust Belt states that won Trump the White House?
Will they continue to tell each other sad and sweet stories about how James Comey and Vladimir Putin were the reason the White House was lost — stories that cannot explain the disastrous condition of the party at the Senate, House, gubernatorial, state and local levels?
Or will they roll up their sleeves, look at the country with clear eyes and get to work?
UM quarterback Brad Kaaya talks about bye week after UM victory
UM defensive coordinator Manny Diaz on possible QB contact
0:25
Medill News Service Kourtney Kardashian
WASHINGTON – Kourtney Kardashian appeared on Capitol Hill for the first time Tuesday to talk makeup and personal care products to urge lawmakers to approve more regulation on the cosmetic and personal care products industry.
“When it comes to products I use on my kids, I don't play around,” Kardashian said at the Russell Senate Office building on Tuesday. “Everyone should have the right to healthy products and personal care and that's why I wanted to come and make this a bigger deal.”
With a following of 62.6 million on Instagram alone, Kardashian's voice on the Hill is something the advocacy organization Environmental Work Group hopes will get action on a bill proposed by Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein and Republican Sen. Susan Collins.
“She can reach people to the extent that EWG will never be able to reach, and our hope is that she will boost public awareness on this issue,” Environmental Working Group President Ken Cook said.
The bipartisan bill would require the Food and Drug Administration to increase regulation of the chemicals that are used by cosmetic and personal care companies. Cosmetic legislation has remained largely unchanged since 1938 when the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act was passed.
“I think people should not take it for granted that the law hasn't been changed…we should get involved in trying to make a change,” Kardashian said.
Under current law, companies have the ability to “put just about anything in their products,” according to the Environmental Group. With the new proposal, the FDA would have the power to review controversial ingredients in the products and stop production of a product if it is determined to pose a danger to consumers.
Companies that have agreed to support the bill by the FDA include cosmetic giants L'Oréal OR, +0.63% , Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -0.65% and Revlon REV, +0.22% .
“The companies themselves want the government to play a more authoritative role and be able to point to the law and say there's a level playing field for everyone,” said Cook.
Kardashian's appearance came on the same day as the launch of her Kourt x Kylie makeup collaboration, a new line from Kylie Cosmetics.
The Kardashian family continues to expand its makeup kingdom with KKW Beauty and Kylie Cosmetics, which she said are working to provide safe products that are toxic chemical-free.
The surprising strength in the dollar this month is posing a major risk to consensus trades from stocks to currencies to commodities, should it continue.
A short dollar position was the second-most crowded trade, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch's most recent fund manager survey, while bullish hedge fund bets on the euro reached record levels based on the latest Commodity Futures Trading Commission data. Those on crude oil were also close to a record, the data showed.
“Nearly every consensual macro trade has an implicit short-dollar view built-into it,” Nomura Holdings Inc. strategist Charlie McElligott wrote in a note to clients Tuesday. “A dollar squeeze is a major risk to longs including emerging markets, crude oil, the Nasdaq, the euro, the yen and industrial metals.”
The Bloomberg Dollar Index has risen about 1.9 percent from mid-February, when it was at a more than three-year low. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index has also dropped more than 4 percent over the same period.
“We suspect that a dollar-induced rally is likely to run roughshod through the lower-yielding G-10 currencies,” such as the euro, pound, Swiss franc and yen, Mark McCormick, the North American head of foreign-exchange strategy at Toronto-Dominion Bank, wrote in a note Tuesday. “We remain medium-term dollar bears but the stars are aligning for a bear-market correction over the coming weeks.”
The euro is the most “optically obvious” loser of momentum should the dollar rally, on account of the extreme long positioning, according to Nomura's McElligott. Emerging market equities are also very exposed, he said.
Long euro investors are set up for a “pain trade” should the dollar recover, said Ugo Lancioni, head of global currency at Neuberger Berman Group LLC. He expects that the dollar will rebound by 2 to 3 percent this quarter.
“That wouldn't be a crazy move, but it's a move investors probably aren't prepared to digest right now,” said Lancioni, who helps oversee $299 billion. “My gut feeling is that many people jumped on this dollar short a bit late.”
— With assistance by Katherine Greifeld
Looking to get a sense of how rising commodity prices are impacting companies' bottom lines? Whirlpool Corp. just gave watchers an inside look.
The maker of home appliances disclosed in its first-quarter presentation that raw-material inflation will cost the company between $250 million and $300 million in 2018. Those expenses, primarily due to rising prices for steel and resin, are $50 million higher than what it was predicting back in January.
Steel prices in particular have been surging after President Donald Trump implemented a 25 percent tariff on steel imports, plus a 10 percent tariff on aluminum. In the first quarter, the rising costs hit regional results by as much as $25 million, with North America and Europe seeing the biggest effect.
Cost Concerns Rising input costs hit Whirlpool across the globe Source: Company presentation
“Over the last few months, raw material costs have risen substantially,” Chief Executive Officer Marc Bitzer said on the company's earnings call. “In addition to existing steel and aluminum tariffs, there continues to be uncertainty regarding potential future tariffs and trade actions.”
— With assistance by Tom Lagerman
A 14-year-old middle school student in Volusia County, Fla. was arrested March 1 after he reportedly said he was going to be the next school shooter. The same day, in the same county, a 14-year-old female high school student was arrested for tapping a school employee on the shoulder and saying “bang, bang.”
Two other Volusia County teen students were also arrested that day for joking in school that they had a weapon.
As education and law enforcement officials across the country try to figure out how to deal with school threats – particularly after the fatal shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, where 17 people were killed – this county in Central Florida is taking a zero-tolerance approach to keep its schools safe.
Volusia County Sheriff Mike Chitwood makes no excuses for his tough and unforgiving stance on students who make threats or joke about school shootings. They will be arrested and their parents will pay for investigative and court costs.
“You wouldn't walk into a crowded movie theatre and yell ‘fire' and you wouldn't walk onto an airplane and yell ‘hijack!'” he said. “So what gives you the right to stand up in the middle of a classroom and tell the teacher ‘I'm bringing my gun to school tomorrow to shoot you in the head'?”
The sheriff has arrested nearly 30 students since the Parkland shooting. The youngest defendant is 11 years old.
“For us in law enforcement, we don't want to lose the momentum after Parkland. We lost it after Columbine and Sandy Hook,” he said. “There was this initial outrage and then everybody went back to their normal life.”
To ensure the punishment is harsh enough, he's even making students' families responsible for the over $1,000 it costs his office to investigate false threats.
“This is an expensive proposition to parents and it's a shame we have to do it,” he said. “But they need to play a role in the child's life and take responsibility.”
All across the country, law enforcement officials are taking school threats seriously and meting out tough punishments. But some say Volusia is taking it to a whole new level – by taking a stringent approach that is incredibly unforgiving.
Charges range from misdemeanors to felonies, with some minors even being treated as adults under the law. After being arrested, a student is required to appear before a judge and social service workers for appropriate punishment, which is decided on a case-by-case basis.
“Some of these kids are gang members who pose with firearms in their Facebook photos, so they're obviously going to be put in a whole different category than a kid who is an exceptional learning student and may have had an emotional outburst,” Chitwood said.
His strategy is being hailed by some who feel students need to be reminded that any threat, even if done in jest, will not be tolerated.
Within one month of the Parkland shooting, almost 1,500 threats were reported by students in schools across the country, and almost half of those were made over social media. Experts say those numbers are likely largely underreported because many schools handle threats internally out of fear going public would stain its reputation.
Chitwood said his office receives up to 90 reports of threats on any given day due to the increased awareness by schools and students to report suspicious behavior.
But others question Chitwood's approach, saying it criminalizes students and is not the answer to preventing another school shooting.
“This is indeed very serious and we need to communicate that to students,” said Ken Adams, a criminal justice professor at the University of Central Florida. “But let's tone it down a bit and put it into perspective and figure out if there are ways to do this that don't necessarily have to involve law enforcement as the hammer.”
Nancy Wait, Volusia County's director of information services, said gone are the days that students would make a threat and schools dismiss it.
“I don't think a lot of our students, especially in the middle school level, are mature enough to understand that what they're doing is causing a major disruption,” Wait said. “Nine times out of 10 they tell you ‘I was just kidding!' But it's just too late, we cannot have that kind of behavior in our schools any longer.”
Wait says the schools also abide by a “concern of harms,” a sort of checklist to go through with a student to make sure they can get mental health counseling, if needed. The focus in Volusia County, she said, is not just on punishment.
“We want to discipline and take appropriate action,” Wait said. “But we also want to help them deal with whatever might be causing them to act out.”
Chitwood said that while some students are still waiting on a court date, some have already undergone intense probation, while others have been expelled from their schools and sent to out-of-state mental health facilities.
His strict punishments are even getting support from an unexpected group – some parents of the arrested students.
“I strongly agree with the measures that are being taken,” said one mother whose 14-year-old daughter was sentenced to 21 days in a juvenile detention center and two weeks of house arrest with a GPS ankle monitor for threatening to shoot school staff. “I hate that it was my child but she had some thinking time….I want every child out there to know that if you make the wrong decision, it doesn't just hurt you, it hurts your parents.”
TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) — A family cleaning out a home in the Toledo, Ohio-area home of a relative who recently died stumbled across a live hand grenade from the World War II era.
Toledo authorities say such finds are becoming more common.
A police spokesman says the bomb squad retrieves old military munitions about once a month. But he says too often people who discover old grenades or a mortar shell will haul it to the police station.
Police say the best thing to do is call 911.
That's what happened this past week when the grenade was found in the suburban Toledo home.
The Blade newspaper reports that the Northwest Ohio Bomb Squad put the grenade in a blast-resistant container to dispose of it.
The solar panels will provide more than 40% of the electricity needed to power the mall. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
The solar installation is the largest in Louisville. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - This holiday season the Oxmoor Center is not only bustling with shoppers, but it's now more energy efficient.
The mall unveiled its solar energy project Monday morning. It's the largest solar panel installation in Louisville and the largest retail installation in the state.
>> More Louisville Metro news on wave3.com
Solar panels will provide more than 40% of the electricity needed to power the Oxmoor Center.
"To put this into perspective, the production of the solar panels is the equivalent of the electricity used by approximately 116 homes in the Louisville area," Kendall Merrick, the General Manager of Oxmoor Center, said. "We've essentially taken half of this thriving regional shopping center off the grid."
Mayor Greg Fischer was at the mall's announcement Monday. He applauded GGP (Oxmoor Center's parent company) and said Louisville as a whole is making progress on sustainability.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Extras needed for movie being filmed in WAVE Country
+ Parents: Tips to stop financially supporting your grown child
+ Minion Christmas display goes viral - here's why the New Albany homeowner did it
"Since 2010, Louisville's greenhouse gas emissions have decreased by 17%," he told the crowd.
GGP's corporate sustainability team has been working on the project for a year. They expect to save about 12% on their utility bill.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Video
Mass dance breaks Indonesian record.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Wintry conditions have caused chaos to Flintshire's roads and led to dozens of schools closing on Monday - but for some the snow is so much fun!
On Sunday, families and youngsters enjoyed perfect sledging weather. Our photographer Rick Matthews was in the village of Cadole to capture the Lowry-esque scene on the hill.
Click on our main image above to view all our fun snow pictures.
Pictures by Rick Matthews / RM101217D
Israeli and Egyptian forces are secret allies in a battle with ISIS, according to a startling new report.
The New York Times said Saturday that unmarked Israeli drones, helicopters and planes conducted more than 100 strikes against the jihadis in Egypt's northern Sinai over a period of more than two years.
The clandestine missions, the report says, have the blessing of Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, who realized he desperately needed help.
American officials, the newspaper said, believe the collaboration helped the Egyptian military gain the upper hand in its nearly five-year battle with the militants.
The need for secrecy is so great that the only Egyptians who know about the de facto alliance are a small number of military and intelligence officers.
Some of the aircraft fly circuitous routes to their targets so they don't appear to come from Israel, the Times said.
The optimist will look at the list of remaining NBA games and say, “Oh, wow, the Knicks are entering the easy part of their schedule.”
The cynic will look at the same list, see an opponent about to face the Knicks and think that same rival is entering the easy part of its schedule.
While the collision of “Knicks” and “playoffs” in the same paragraph always conjures up images of Jim Mora and his famed NFL tirade, the simple truth is while it certainly will be no cakewalk, the Knicks, in fact, have an easier remaining schedule than some key rivals.
From strictly a won-loss percentage standpoint of remaining opponents, the Knicks have it better than the five teams positioned directly above them in the chase for Eastern playoff berths.
One wet blanket on the notion already has been mentioned: teams positioned directly above them. The Knicks are in 12th place in the East exiting the All-Star break, and barring a presidential or TV-mandated dispensation, eight teams will make the playoffs. So the Knicks need to pass at least four teams. But the playoffs are the goal.
“Compete and make it to the playoffs,” said Derrick Rose when asked Tuesday for his post-break plans. “We're only a couple of games out, probably three or four games out. So we still got a legit shot to make it. But it takes everybody being on the same page and giving the same effort.”
And winning a few more games, of course. Five teams with losing records — Chicago (28-29), Detroit (27-30), Milwaukee (25-30), Miami (25-32) and Charlotte (24-32) — reside above the Knicks (23-34). Two additional teams, Philadelphia (21-35) and Orlando (21-37) are within 2 ½ games of them. But the Knicks are only looking up. The postseason is a definite motivator.
“You always put it out there but the second half you're just trying to play your best basketball,” coach Jeff Hornacek said.
The Knicks have 25 remaining games, including 14 against teams below .500. The overall won-loss percentage of the Knicks remaining opponents is .472, the lowest percentage of the six teams in terms of remaining games. One negative on the schedule for the Knicks: they play 13 of their final 25 games on the road, where they've pretty much stunk (9-19) all season.
The Bucks, currently in ninth place, have the toughest remaining schedule in terms of winning percentage: 27 games against teams at a .507 pace. That number gets skewed because they still play the Warriors (47-9) but are done with the Nets (9-47), who face the Knicks twice more.
The next toughest schedule belongs to Miami, currently 10th in the East. Miami's remaining opponents carry a .502 percentage, but only 12 of 25 have winning records. And the Heat have 14 games at home.
Chicago, in seventh place, has 25 more games against opponents who have played .495 ball. The Bulls have 14 sub-.500 foes, including the Nets twice. Charlotte, above the Knicks in 11th, has 26 games against teams with a .486 mark, only 11 of them above .500. Eighth place Detroit's remaining opponents carry a .476 mark and only 10 of the 25 foes are above .500.
“We know that we got a lot of games to play,” Rose said. “I think one of the years in Chicago, it took to game actually 82 to make it to the playoffs. So we know we have a shot.”
A fixture of the London landscape and soundscape, Big Ben, is falling silent for four years. The bell will cease its regular tolling while extensive repairs are made to the famous clock tower that looms over the Palace of Westminster, the home of the British Parliament.
The massive bell will mark the hour for the last time at noon on Aug. 21 and then pause for four years while the Elizabeth Tower, which houses the Great Clock and the Great Bell, aka Big Ben, is restored. A larger restoration of the Parliament buildings is likely to begin in the early 2020s, according to a Parliament website.
Quieting Big Ben's mighty bongs will help preserve the hearing of workers involved in the project.
The keeper of the Great Clock, Steve Jaggs, said in a statement that the pause "is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project." If you're in London next Monday you may want to accept Jaggs' invitation to gather in Parliament Square "to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021." However, Big Ben will still bong for important national events such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The Great Bell has chimed nearly every hour for the past 157 years. It has had previous breaks in service for maintenance and conservation in 2007, in 1983-1985 and in 1976. The 13.7-ton bell, which was forged in the 1850s, is accompanied by smaller chimes that ring out each quarter hour.
The Great Clock has a Victorian-era clockwork mechanism that triggers the bell and chimes. That mechanism and the clock's four faces will also get refurbished, which will require the faces to be covered.
To make sure Londoners don't get completely disoriented and lose track of the correct time, Jaggs says at least one clock face will remain visible. It will keep time with the aid of a modern electric motor, while the Victorian mechanism is being repaired.
The Latest on the announcement that Prime Minister Theresa will make a surprise statement (all times local):
10:45 a.m.
The British pound has fallen amid mounting speculation that Prime Minister Theresa May is planning to call an early general election.
In the wake of an announcement that May will make an unexpected statement in Downing Street at 11:15 a.m. (1015GMT), the pound was down 0.3 percent at $1.2525.
May's office says she will speak after the weekly meeting of her Cabinet.
FXTM Vice President of Market Research, Jameel Ahmad says that “truth be told, nobody is really that aware of what is going on but this uncertainty has caused a reaction.”
___
10:30 a.m.
British Prime Minister Theresa May is due to make an unexpected statement in Downing Street, triggering speculation that she plans to call an early election.
May's office says she will speak at 11:15 a.m. (1015GMT) Tuesday, after the weekly meeting of her Cabinet.
Such statements are generally reserved for major news, such as resignations and election calls.
May, who took office in July after predecessor David Cameron stepped down, could be tempted to go to the polls to secure her own mandate as she negotiates Britain's withdrawal from the European Union.
But she has previously said she will stay in office until the next scheduled national election, in 2020.
Under Britain's Fixed-Term Parliaments Act, the prime minister can call an election if two-thirds of lawmakers vote for it.
A 14-year-old Everton fan makes history by becoming football's first 'remote' matchday mascot - with the aid of a robot.
READ MORE: How Jack McLinden was able to join his heroes on the pitch
Mark Potter, 37, a former professional rugby player, says his gambling addiction started with a visit to a so-called high-street bookmaker — the legal shops that appear on Britain's equivalent of Main Street.
"The straw that broke the camel's back was that I sold my wife's engagement ring and sold my kids' stuff to gamble with," Potter told NBC News.
Potter says that "very low point" was preceded by "stealing money, and getting arrested for committing fraud." He also lost his job.
"I carried on betting, that didn't make me want to stop," said Potter, who lives in the northwest of England and now works for a company that educates athletes about the risk of gambling. "If you're a problem gambler, you'll always find a way to place a bet."
Those issues have been exacerbated by another modern trend in the industry. Despite high-street bookies being a traditional hub for sports betting since the 1960s, most are now dominated by highly addictive fixed-odds betting terminals.
A type of electronic slot machine, the betting terminals are accused of targeting some of the most vulnerable people in British society and contributing to the growing number of problem gamblers.
Customers are currently able to bet up to £100 ($133) every 20 seconds playing virtual games of roulette or bingo on fixed-odds betting terminals. The U.K. government last month announced that the maximum stake would be reduced from £100 to £2 in 2019. Peter Nicholls / Reuters file
Marriott, the council member who represents the left-leaning Labour party, also expressed concerns about how betting has evolved in recent years.
“My grandad use to go to the betting shops to place a bet on the horses, but now it's very different,” Marriott said. “That's very different to going to a betting shop, and just standing there and pressing a button … and then winning or losing money in massive amounts. It's almost not the same thing.”
Blink and you'll miss the chance to bet
Cellphones have also changed Britain's sports betting industry.
Remote gambling using apps or websites as opposed to high-street shops is now a £4.7 billion ($6.3 billion) a year industry. It accounts for 34 percent of the entire U.K. betting market, a proportion that is growing all the time.
Nine of the 20 soccer teams in the English Premier League have jerseys sponsored by online betting firms from around the world; East Ham's soccer team, West Ham United, is one of them. Most teams also have official betting partners.
Stoke City Football Club is sponsored by bet365, an online sports betting firm. Nigel French / PA Wire/AP file
The rise in remote gambling now allows British customers to change their bets or cash out during a game, and also make bets well beyond the final score, like the number of yellow cards issued, the time of the next goal or the number of free or corner kicks.
Viewers of soccer games on British commercial TV channels have been bombarded in recent years by half-time betting advertisements, including some offerings live odds based on what's already happened and what might happen.
While gambling-related ads are banned before 9 p.m. on British TV, largely so children aren't exposed to them, sports broadcasts are exempt.
A study by the BBC found that in all matches aired across the main commercial soccer broadcasters, 95 percent of them featured at least one betting ad.
Sammy Ameobi, who plays for the Bolton Wanderers, climbs over an advertisement warning against the pitfalls of betting during a soccer game at Cardiff City Stadium on Feb. 13. Carl Recine / Action Images file
While soccer players are prohibited from betting on games and endorsing such firms, some critics worry about the impact on young fans of having betting brands emblazoned across team uniforms and being bombarded by betting ads on TV.
“What most people are concerned with is how it might encourage children to identify with certain brands, or develop brand loyalty to these brands long before they're even allowed to use these products,” said Carwyn Jones, a professor of sports ethics at Cardiff Metropolitan University.
Tom Watson, an opposition lawmaker and the deputy leader of the Labour party, has even called for a ban on betting companies sponsoring U.K. soccer teams.
'Opportunities for corruption'
The availability of bets on seemingly minor outcomes within games has caused issues.
“What that creates is low-consequence opportunities for corruption," Jones said. "So you can be corrupt without losing the game."
Bradley Wood, who plays for the English lower-league team Lincoln City, was banned from soccer for six years last month after intentionally fouling an opponent, leading him to receive a yellow card in two FA Cup games in 2017. He and seven friends were later found to have bet on that outcome.
And Wayne Shaw, a 280-pound substitute goalkeeper for part-timers Sutton United, became a cult figure during a game against Premier League club Arsenal when he was caught on camera eating pie — an incident that became known as "Piegate."
Sutton United player Wayne Shaw eats a pie during a match against Arsenal on Feb. 20, 2017. Andrew Couldridge / Reuters file
However, the gambling brand Sun Bets had sponsored Sutton for the game, and offered its customers a novelty bet on whether or not Shaw would eat pie during the game.
Shaw admitted he was aware of the bet and was promptly forced to leave the team, and Sun Bets was fined £84,000 ($113,000) by the Gambling Commission.
Jones highlighted the potential for "what you could bet on in baseball and in American football — the number of yards, the downs — it's almost an infinite market possibility."
While Jones said the gambling industry maintains such betting has "no negative impact," he added, “There's been a huge increase in gambling profits ... and there suddenly seems to be a huge increase in problem gambling across the population.”
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer holds his daily press briefing Monday where he is expected to answer questions on North Korea and other issues of the day.
Follow FoxNews.com's live blog below. Mobile users click here.
President Donald Trump revised his embattled travel ban to address arguments being made at the U.S. Supreme Court that it would expire Wednesday under its original wording.
The White House announcement comes as the Supreme Court considers whether to revive the stalled ban, which would suspend entry into the U.S. by people from six mostly Muslim nations. Under the change, the 90-day ban won't start until court orders currently blocking it are lifted.
Previously, the executive order had said the travel ban would last “for 90 days from the effective date of this order,” while a separate provision set the effective date as March 16. Groups challenging the ban told the Supreme Court this week that the wording meant the travel ban would expire June 14.
"The order's effective date is explicit and unambiguous," said the groups, led by the International Refugee Assistance Project.
The challengers said the Justice Department conceded the point in a March 24 appeals court filing. In that brief, the Justice Department said the 90-day suspension "expires in early June."
Two federal trial judges blocked the travel ban, but neither order addressed the effective-date provision. Other parts of the executive order have already taken effect. Federal appeals courts upheld the core of both rulings, prompting the administration to turn to the Supreme Court.
Issue of Clarification
In a new Supreme Court filing Wednesday, acting Solicitor General Jeffrey Wall called the Trump memo a "clarification." He said the court orders blocking the ban had implicitly delayed the effective date as well.
Because the travel ban "was enjoined before it could take effect, that 90-day suspension has not yet begun to run, and will do so only once the injunctions are lifted or stayed," Wall wrote.
The White House announced the move Wednesday in a memo from Trump to Cabinet officials. The memo said Trump was taking the step "in the interest of clarity."
"I hereby declare the effective date of each enjoined provision to be the date and time at which the referenced injunctions are lifted or stayed with respect to that provision," the memo said. "To the extent it is necessary, this memorandum should be construed to amend the executive order."
The memo directs government officials to start implementing the travel ban 72 hours after courts clear it to take effect.
The Supreme Court is poised to act by the end of the month. The administration is asking the court to hear the government's appeal during the nine-month term that starts in October. The administration is also urging the court to let the ban go into effect during the interim -- a request that could decide the policy's fate as a practical matter, given its temporary nature.
A pedestrian leaves a bank branch of Banco Santander SA in London, U.K., on Tuesday, Aug. 15, 2017. Banco Santander, Spain's biggest lender, has bought minority stakes in three financial-technology firms as Chairman Ana Botin makes machine learning a hallmark of her growth plan.
Banco Santander SA fell in Madrid trading as a slump at its U.K. business and concerns about its capital levels overshadowed a jump in first-quarter profit.
Earnings at the U.K. business declined 23 percent as fees and income from lending fell while expenses jumped, sending the shares down the most in six months. Those woes added to headwinds from currencies in the otherwise strong Latin American markets, where the outlook is further clouded by the prospect of populist election victories.
Santander is "quite used" to dealing with political volatility, CFO Jose Garcia Cantera says. (Source: Bloomberg)
“The U.K. poses the biggest threat to Santander's goal of achieving double-digit EPS growth in 2018,” Bloomberg Intelligence analysts Arjun Bowry and Scott Mc Evatt wrote in a note. Spending on digital projects and regulation will push up expenses at the business, while variable-rate mortgage attrition will pressure income, the said.
The problems in the U.K. overshadowed a 26 percent jump in profit in Spain, where Santander last year acquired Banco Popular Espanol SA in a forced sale, and a 10 percent increase in overall earnings. Some analysts also signaled concern about headwinds to a measure of capital strength. The lender's insistence on running its retail banking-based business on lower capital levels than its peers means analysts pore over its earnings for signs of weakness.
“It may be that for some people, the trends on capital were disappointing,” said Gonzalo Lopez, an analyst at Mirabaud & Cie in Madrid.
Capital Headwinds
Santander reported a CET1 capital ratio of 11 percent for the first quarter, but that measure doesn't take full account of new rules and potential obstacles the bank flagged Tuesday. Santander's Chief Executive Officer Jose Antonio Alvarez insisted that concerns about capital weren't a major issue for investors and confirmed the bank's year-end capital target.
“In the conversations we've had with investors, capital ratio is not a relevant issue at this moment,” he said in a news conference.
Santander fell 3.6 percent at 3:09 p.m. in Madrid, the biggest declined since Oct. 4.
Earnings in Brazil, Santander's largest market, rose 7 percent in the quarter, as the real's depreciation against the euro eroded much of the gains in that market. Mexico showed a similar trend, with just 7 percent growth after taking into account the peso's decline.
Brazil's real weakened more than 18 percent against the euro in the first quarter from a year ago. In Mexico, the peso declined about 11 percent. A weaker local currency reduces earnings when converted in euros.
Elections Loom
Upcoming elections are also hanging over the Latin American markets. The prospect of July elections in Mexico, which populist firebrand Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador may win, and an unpredictable presidential race in Brazil in October may prove to be a test of investor confidence in Santander.
“Brazil is the most important asset they have,” said Mauro Guillen, a professor of management and international relations at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School who has published a history of Banco Santander.
While there's optimism that Mexico will soon wrap up a revised trade deal with the U.S., the outcome of the election poses risks for investors. AMLO, as Lopez Obrador is known in Mexico, has unsettled the nation's business world by railing against “neoliberalism” and corruption and building up a sizable lead in opinion polls.
The wide-open presidential race in Brazil also represents a risk for Santander. Jair Bolsonaro, a front-runner, is a former army captain who is facing accusations of racism and inciting hatred.
Other earnings highlights:
PHOENIX — The daughter of U.S. Sen. John McCain of Arizona says the 80-year-old lawmaker has completed the first round of radiation and chemotherapy as he battles an aggressive form of brain cancer.
Meghan McCain also tweeted Friday afternoon that her father's “resilience & strength is incredible. Fight goes on, here's to small wins.”
McCain, the Republican presidential nominee in 2008 and a six-term senator, was diagnosed last month with glioblastoma.
Doctors at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix say they removed a blood clot above the senator's left eye and managed to remove all of the tumor that was visible on brain scans. McCain says he expects to return to Washington next month.
Perrysburg Public Schools are planning to update the current bus transportation software to improve communication between parents and guardians. The hope is that these changes are set to take effect next school year.
New GPS technology will be installed on all Perrysburg school buses. It will allow parents and guardians to receive real time notifications of bus arrivals and look up their child's bus stop location.
The school district said it just wants to meet families' requests.
"We've heard from parents about things that they've liked and things that they didn't like," said Tom Hosler, Perrysburg Schools Superintendent.
This technology will be linked with a secure website. Families will have to enter a log-in that connects to a private account.
"The subscription for it is about $20,000 dollars a year to outfit our entire bus fleet which is probably just under 50 buses, and then also the software that we have to have for it," Hosler said.
This software will also allow the district's mechanics to receive updates on bus service needs.
More proposed changes include separate bus routes for Perrysburg Junior High School and Hull Prairie Intermediate. The school district is also proposing different start and end times for the two schools.
PJHS and HPI would start at 7:50 a.m. and end at 2:45 p.m.
Perrysburg High School will remain unchanged with an 8:30 a.m. start and a 3:30 p.m. end of day.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Follow @insidefutbol
Wolverhampton Wanderers star Romain Saiss believes a trip to Elland Road to play Leeds United this afternoon is exactly what his side need.
While Wolves have little to play for in the current campaign, they could damage Leeds' chances of finishing in the playoff spots in the Championship if they can come back with all three points from their visit to Yorkshire.
Wolves had been on a good run of form until recently, winning five consecutive games, but the wheels have come off in their last two matches, with defeats against Bristol City and Brighton, respectively.
And midfielder Saiss feels that heading to Elland Road is just what the doctor ordered for Wolves as they look to get back on track.
" It's a good game for us to have – a big stadium and a big crowd, so there's motivation to go out there and do well", he told his club's official site, before noting the visitors will have a "good chance" .
"If we keep our first half performance from the Brighton game and make sure we concentrate and play like that for 90 minutes, we have a good chance.
"It's important for us now to pick up wins and finish the season well – we will go to Leeds with the ambition to win", Saiss added.
Wolves lost the earlier fixture between the two clubs, being edged out 1-0 in October as a Kemar Roofe goal gave Leeds all three points.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A Canada goose, similar to this one, knocked Robert Meilhammer unconscious
A hunter in the US has been knocked unconscious by a dead goose that fell out of the sky.
Robert Meilhammer, was hunting in Easton in Maryland state, when he was hit by a Canada goose that had been shot by a fellow hunter.
The bird weighed between 10 and 14 pounds (4.5-6.5kg), police say.
The 51-year-old suffered injuries to his face and head but is in a stable condition in hospital.
Every season at this time of year on every NFL team that's not going to the playoffs, there is talk of taking momentum from the end of the current season...
Replicating restaurant pizza at home is pretty impossible, but with a little know-how, you can make pies that are almost as good as your favorites. Here, some tips from the pros.
Go for the dough
“Go to your favorite pizza place and see if they'll sell you a raw dough for $3 or $4,” says Anthony Falco, formerly the pizza czar at Roberta's in Bushwick, and now an international pizza consultant. If you're making your own dough, let it rise slowly in the fridge overnight, instead of quickly in a warmer area. “You're going to get much better depth of flavor,” Falco says.
Can it
Most times of the year, canned tomatoes are the way to go. Falco recommends buying a 28-ounce can of Jersey Fresh crushed tomatoes, and blending them in an immersion blender with 5 to 10 grams of salt and 10 grams of olive oil. No need to cook it. You can add garlic or herbs if you want, but just know that's not what the pros do: “A chain restaurant will dump a bunch of herbs in your sauce to cover up the taste of the tomatoes, but I like to have my tomato speak for itself,” Falco says. You can always use garlic and fresh herbs as toppings.
Don't get shredded
Use fresh mozzarella, not the pre-shredded packaged stuff. “It has a lower melting point than the commercially made kind, and also has low moisture, which means it will melt quicker and more evenly,” says Al Di Meglio of Barano in Williamsburg, who adds that there's no need to shred it, just cube it with a knife. And don't overdo it. “You want to see the sauce between the cheese, so it has some room to melt,” Falco says.
Keep it simple
The biggest mistake most beginner pizza cooks make is overloading on the toppings. “Until you're really a pizza master, keep it under five toppings,” Falco says. This will taste better and prevent the pie from getting soggy and not collapsing at dinner time. Place the least amount of ingredients in the center of the pie. “Gravity will pull all the toppings toward the middle,” Di Meglio says.
Turn up the heat
Baking the pizza in the hottest possible oven is the only way to get close to the crispy, chewy crust you've had at restaurants. “When you blast the pizza with high heat quickly, it allows the dough to puff up, and really replicates a Neapolitan-style pizza,” says Christian Petroni, chef at Fortina, which has locations in Brooklyn and Yonkers.
Aside from turning the oven to its highest temperature setting, you can put the pizza on the oven's top rack, set the temperature to broiler mode, cook it for five minutes so the top gets blistered, then transfer it to a skillet on the stove-top to finish cooking the bottom, Falco says.
Or, make it “Providence-style,” he says, and use a barbecue. Brush a grill with olive oil, get it nice and hot and lay the stretched-out dough, sans toppings, directly on the grill. “After like a minute and a half, give it a shimmy so that it releases from the grill and has a nice dark brown char on the bottom,” flip it, he says, then put on the sauce, cheese and toppings until the cheese melts.
And get even hotter
Try using a cast iron pan to create an especially hot surface for cooking. “Brush the pan with olive oil, stick your dough in there, put your toppings on, crank up your oven as high it will go, leave it in for 15 to 20 minutes, [and you] have a pan-style pizza,” Falco says. If you're ready to up your pizza game, consider investing in a thick pizza stone or “the Cadillac of pizza making,” a pizza steel, which gets even hotter, Falco says. For the DIY crowd, head to Home Depot and buy some quarry flooring tiles, which can tolerate high heat and not crack. “The thicker the better — an inch is ideal,” Petroni says.
By John Naida
ERIE, MI (July 2, 2018) – The King is back, and going big in July, with the Engine Pro Sprints On Dirt presented by ARP Month of the King, including three King Engine Bearings King of Michigan races! The KoM opener was rained out on May 18 and again on June 8, so we travel to Hartford Speedway for the first 2018 KoM race this Friday, July 6.
SOD teams kick off the Month of the King Friday, then return to Hartford on July 13 for the KoM round 2. SOD will race at Crystal Motor Speedway on Saturday, July 14, for the season's third MAHLE/Clevite Beyond Limits Challenge race on July 14. The month is capped off at Hartford on July 27 for the KoM round 3.
The 2018 KoM Champion will be crowned at the series finale on August 31. The champion will have a guaranteed starting spot in the Engine Pro Sprints On Dirt presented by ARP Mike Olrich Memorial Race at Crystal Motor Speedway on September 1st. The King Engine Bearings King of Michigan will pay a point fund to the top five at the 2018 Sprints On Dirt Awards Banquet at the Battle Creek (MI) Holiday Inn on Saturday, October 27.
Chad Blonde won the first three 2017 KoM races, including a record 5 minute and 25 second, non-stop feature on August 11th; Ryan Ruhl won the 2017 KoM finale. Blonde won the KoM points championship over Steve Irwin (2001 & 2017 SOD champion), Gregg Dalman (2015 SOD champion), and Thomas Schinderle (2017 SOD Series Rookie of the Year).
For more information about King Engine Bearings, go to www.kingbearings.com. Check out Hartford Speedway at www.hartfordspeedway.net.
The race will be the first of four races of the Motul Leader of the Pack Stage 3. The LoP consists of four stages including all SOD races through September 1. Each stage finish is based on SOD points earned during the stage. The Motul Leader of the Pack Champion will be the driver with the best average finishing position for all stages and will pay a five-place point fund at the 2018 Awards Banquet. Chad Blonde won Stage 1 of the LoP. Shawn Valenti won Stage 2.
Blonde currently leads SOD championship points over Shawn Valenti and Ryan Ruhl.
For more information about King Engine Bearings, go to www.kingbearings.com. Check out Hartford Speedway at www.hartfordspeedway.net. Learn more about Engine Pro at www.enginepro.com. For more information about ARP, go to www.arp-bolts.com. Follow SOD at www.sprintsondirt.com and on Facebook at www.facebook.com/sprintsondirt.
Engine Pro Sprints On Dirt presented by ARP is brought to you in 2018 by:
Engine Pro (Title Sponsor)
ARP (Title Sponsor)
Hoosier Racing Tire (Official SOD Tire)
MAHLE/Clevite (Beyond Limits Challenge Sponsor)
King Engine Bearings (Hartford King of Michigan Sponsor)
Motul (Leader of the Pack Sponsor)
Lane Automotive (Fast Masters Cosponsor)
MSD Ignition (Fast Masters Cosponsor)
Engler Machine & Tool (Heat Race Sponsor)
COMP Cams (Heat Race Sponsor)
RockAuto.com (Heat Race Sponsor)
ARP (Lucky Dog Sponsor)
KSE Racing Products (Hard Charger Sponsor)
Allstar Performance (Better Luck Next Time Sponsor)
The Perfit Corporation (Series Rookie of the Year Sponsor)
The Perfit Corporation (Sprint Car Rookie of the Year Sponsor)
Jim Coffey and Son Plumbing & Heating (Deuced It! Sponsor)
XYZ Machining (Sportsman of the Year Sponsor)
XYZ Machining (Crew Chief of the Year Sponsor)
Noizee 1 Motorsports (Bags o' Money Awards)
SOD 2018 contingency sponsor partners are:
Allstar Performance ATL Racing Fuel Cells
Benic Enterprises BR Motorsports
Diversified Machine Inc. (DMI) Hepfner Racing Products (HRP)
J & J Auto Racing Keizer Aluminum Wheels
King Racing Products Maxim Racing
Motor City Racing Promotions Racing Optics
Rod End Supply Schoenfeld Headers
Simpson Racing Products Walker Performance Filtration
2.
Rohingya Muslim refugees exhausted by their journey rest upon arrival on the Bangladeshi shoreline of the Naf river after crossing the border from Myanmar in Teknaf on Sept. 30.
Half a million people have fled Myanmar to Bangladesh in the largest refugee crisis to hit Asia in decades. The crisis began when a Rohingya insurgent group launched attacks with rifles and machetes on a series of security posts in Myanmar on Aug. 25, prompting the military to launch a brutal round of "clearance operations" in response.
Those fleeing have described indiscriminate attacks by security forces and Buddhist mobs, including monks, as well as killings and rapes.
Photos: Desperate Rohingya Refugees Face Squalor at Crowded Bangladeshi Camp
Fred Dufour / AFP - Getty Images
Cassie Aylward, Newstalk 580 CFRA
Ottawa Police are investigating a shooting in the Nepean area Monday night.
Police say they received calls reporting an exchange of gunfire between two vehicles on St. Claire Avenue around 8:30 p.m.
Shell casings were found on the scene but no suspect was arrested.
There are no reported injuries.
Anyone with information is asked to contact police.
Will Donald Trump stay the course and remain in the White House for a full four-year term?
Yes, if you ask the man himself, but bettors are not so sure. In fact, the probability of President Trump leaving office via an impeachment or resignation before he finishes his first term has doubled over the past three months, according to British bookie Ladbrokes LCL, -2.70% .
Immediately after his election win in November, the odds of Trump staying in the Oval Office for four years were 3/1, indicating a 25% chance he'd leave early. Now a little more than three weeks into his tenure, the odds have been slashed to 11/10, putting a 47% chance that he'll resign or be impeached.
“It's all about supply and demand and punters have been backing it and we've forced to cut the odds accordingly,” Ladbrokes spokesperson Jessica Bridge said.
“As every day goes by, there's a new Donald Trump controversy and punters are putting two and two together and backing him to leave,” she said.
Read: America first, fine — but these European countries would sure like to be No. 2
Adding to the list of controversies since his inauguration on Jan. 20, Trump's national security adviser Michael Flynn on Monday resigned following concerns over his ties with Russia. Just hours before Flynn's resignation, senior Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway said Trump still had “full confidence” in Flynn.
Over at Paddy Power PPB, -0.41% , the odds of the president resigning stand at 15/8, while the probability of an impeachment in 2017 stand at 4/1. At William Hill WMH, -2.28% odds point to a 2/1 chance of an impeachment in Trump's first term.
I have had the opportunity to listen to Mr. Shaw's remarks over the years. It has been, in my opinion, more or less a lot of drivel. His latest remarks prove that point without any doubt. Since when does he have the moral authority to say republicans are sinners? That's really pathetic and over-the-top. In my view, he has always tilted to the left quite a bit.
Personally, I want to "Make America Great Again." I agree with the president. Ironically, they tried to do the same thing to Ronald Reagan and failed. The left always shows its harsh side, both then and now. I have another comment to make to The Forum about its unbalanced editorial pages. I know I have made at least two commentaries regarding cruel commentaries and other articles. Yes, they were pointed, responding in kind. There is no need to consider them now. That time has passed, and the effect is lost. I will say this, Mr. Von Pinion has addressed one of the issues, but there are others. When someone suggests that The Forum should not publish someone's article because of her religious convictions, that is contrary to her First Amendment rights. They should not read them. A safe space is not guaranteed under our construction.
Last weekend's massacre in Las Vegas is only the latest reminder of the persistent gun violence in the United States. And a new set of statistics on the rates of gun violence not related to conflict underscores just how outsize U.S. rates of gun deaths are compared to those in much of the rest of the world.
Take countries with the top indicators of socioeconomic success — income per person and average education level, for instance. The United States ranks ninth in the world among them, bested only by the likes of Denmark, Norway, the Netherlands, Iceland, Canada and Finland.
Yet while those countries all also enjoy low rates of gun violence, the U.S. has the 31st highest rate in the world: 3.85 deaths due to gun violence per 100,000 people in 2016. That was eight times higher than the rate in Canada, which had .48 deaths per 100,000 people — and 27 times higher than the one in Denmark, which had .14 deaths per 100,000.
The numbers come from a massive database maintained by the University of Washington's Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) that tracks lives lost in every country, in every year, by every possible cause of death. The figures for 2016 were released just last month. As in previous years the data paints a fairly rosy picture for much of the world, with deaths due to gun violence rare even in many countries that are extremely poor — such as Bangladesh and Laos, which saw .16 deaths and .13 deaths respectively per 100,000 people.
Prosperous Asian countries such as Singapore and Japan boast the absolute lowest rates, though the United Kingdom and Germany are in almost as good shape.
"It is a little surprising that a country like ours should have this level of gun violence," says Ali Mokdad, a professor of global health and epidemiology at the IHME. "If you compare us to other well-off countries we really stand out."
To be sure, there are quite a few countries where gun violence is a substantially larger problem than in the United States — particularly in Central America and the Caribbean. Mokdad says a major driver is the large presence of gangs and drug trafficking. "The gangs and drug traffickers fight amongst themselves to get more territory, and they fight the police," says Mokdad. And citizens who are not involved are often caught in the crossfire.
Mokdad said drug trafficking may also be a driving factor in two Asian countries that have unusually large rates of violent gun deaths for their region: the Philippines and Thailand.
With the casualties due to armed conflicts factored out, even in conflict-ridden regions such as the Middle East, the United States rate is worse than all but one country: Iraq.
The U.S. gun violence death rate is also higher than nearly all countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, including many that are among the world's poorest.
One more way to consider this data: The IHME also estimates what it would expect a country's rate of gun violence deaths to be based solely on its socioeconomic status. By that measure, the U.S. should only be seeing .79 deaths per 100,00 people — almost five times less than its actual rate of 3.85 deaths per 100,000.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Swinton Lions 23-22 Rochdale Hornets
A late Chris Atkin drop goal sealed a dramatic victory for Swinton Lions over Manchester rivals Rochdale Hornets.
Mike Butt put Swinton ahead within the opening minute after the Lions had retrieved an attempted short kick off.
Penalties from Atkin saw Swinton 10-0 in front but Lewis Galbraith went over for Rochdale before two kicks from Lewis Palfrey made it a two-point game at the break.
Palfrey went over to give the Hornets a narrow lead midway through the second half but Connor Dwyer, Andy Bracek and an Atkin penalty goal made it 22-12 to the Lions with Jordan Hand sinbinned.
Rochdale came back again however as Rob Massam and Samir Tahraoui brought the game level at 22-22.
There was to be one final twist as Atkin won it for the Lions with a late drop goal.
A full roundup of today's Super League and Championship action will be available in Monday's League Express.
LIONS: Murphy, Robinson, Hankinson, White, Butt, Gore, Atkin, Bracek, Waterworth, Barlow, Dwyer, Lloyd, Bate. Subs: Lever, Nicholson, Jones, Davies.
HORNETS: Riley, Greenwood, Case, Galbraith, Massam, Palfrey, Yates, Tahraoui, Moores, Hand, Smith, Crowley, Middlehurst. Subs: Maneely, Taira, Hadden, Mitchell.
2013's must-try cookie recipes The holidays can be a hectic time of year. Don't make this time of the year more stressful than it has to be with complicated cake recipes. Try these easy...
Your Golden Bricks for 2013 Presenting the Between the Bricks annual Golden Bricks to the best and worst of the city's slickers: Super Swapper: This award goes to Gary Barnett, who dubbed his Eleventh Avenue...
The 10 best New York City moments of 2013 The year 2013 proved once again that New York is the city that never sleeps. Not only did we get a new mayor, we showed that New York City politics...
Top 8 social media posts of 2013 We can't stop Facebooking, Instagraming and tweeting our favorite things. Here are the top posts for 2013.
The top 10 tweets of 2013 Twitter is just seven years old, yet it's taken over our collective consciousness like dandelions on an untended lawn. The year in tweets brought us some Twitter-only phenomena: your “Sharknado's”,...
Baseball's overrated and over-hated in 2013 Another year is nearly behind us, and at the risk of sounding like a grumpy old man, there's more urgency than ever to rush to judgment — to strong judgment...
The worst social media blunders of 2013 The Internet was filled with things to love this year – but a lot to hate, too, and 2013 was the year we decided that hate was more interesting. We...
2013's top 10 TV actors We've compiled our picks for the year's 10 Best TV Actors, who lit up the screen in their respective shows — in many cases overshadowing that show's star. You may...
2013's most notable deaths Both were mold-breaking former heads of state who reshaped their own countries and the world. Nelson Mandela, revered for his efforts to end apartheid in South Africa, and Margaret Thatcher,...
FORT VALLEY, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority has suspended its chapter at FVSU while the Georgia Bureau of Investigation moves forward with its misconduct investigation involving an employee.
The sorority's statement reads in part,” Members cannot serve as a representative or spokesperson and cannot represent yourself in any manner as a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.”
- Advertisement -
The organization says the sanction will remain in effect depending on the outcome of the pending investigation.
Last week, the State Office of the Attorney General said it called the GBI in to investigate the matter that has placed a university employee on administrative leave.
The GBI says it seized several laptops belonging to university officials and its agents have conducted several interviews with parties involved.
Related Article: Man wanted for robbing and shooting store clerk in Byron
There's now a new agent on the case after the University System of Georgia said that the former agent-in-charge provided false details to another media outlet.
To view the full statement from Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. click here.
Milo schools' under-18 football tournament… Ann's Grove Secondary highlight match day three
Yesterday at the Ministry of the Education (MOE) ground on Carifesta Avenue, the Milo Schools' under-18 football tournament resumed with action in match day number three. Three matches were scheduled to be played and Ann's Grove Secondary got the ball rolling with a commanding 4-0 victory over Dolphin Secondary.
Bishops' High School were then deadlocked in a 0-0 stalemate with Pure Masters, while Lodge Secondary were gifted a walkover from Queen's College.
Played under the theme: “There is no excuse for violence”, which is being supported by the Ministry of Public Health. The lads from the East Coast took some time before their scored the first of their four goals during the trashing of city institution, Dolphin.
Ann's Grove's Kenaz De Camb netted on the stroke of halftime to break the deadlock. Seven minutes after the break, Romario London scored, and then Ingram Rahaman tripled the East Coast boys' lead four minutes later in the 56th before Carlos Cole wrapped the proceedings up in the 67th.
Matches continue today from 12:00hrs at the same venue with three more matches. In the first match today, Annandale Secondary will match skills with Friendship Secondary. Meanwhile, the second game which begins at 13:30hrs will feature a mouthwatering contest between Christianburg Secondary and Vergenogen Secondary.
The final game of the day which begins at 15:00hrs will be played between last year's tournament runners-up, Morgan Learning Center and School of the Nations.
RHTY&SC Patron's Green Economy Cricket Tournament KSM Investment and V-Net Communication on board as sponsors
The plans of the eight cricket teams of the Rose Hall Town Youth and Sports Club, MS to host one of the biggest ever cricket tournament in Guyana's history received a major boost on Tuesday last when KSM of East Coast Demerara and V-Net Communication of Campbellville came on board as sponsors. The teams during the month of July would be hosting an eight-team knockout cricket tournament in honour of President David Granger's 72nd Birthday.
Club Secretary/CEO Hilbert Foster and Vice President Mark Papannah, who are spearheading the planning of the tournament, both expressed gratitude to Managing Director of KSM Investment Mr. Mahadeo Panchu and V-Net Communication CEO Safraz Sheriffudeen for their contribution towards the tournament. KSM Investment apart from making a financial donation would also be providing polo T/Shirts for four teams, an investment of close to $160,000. V-Net Communication handed over a donation of five bicycles that would be distributed to less fortunate children during the presentation ceremony of the tournament under the Club Patron's Fund Programme. The RHTY&SC Secretary/CEO reassured both sponsors that the tournament would not only be well organised but would achieve all of its objectives. The future areas of cooperation including a community project for the 175th Anniversary Celebration of the purchase of Rose Hall Village in 1842 by 57 free slaves. Foster committed the RHTY&SC and its eight cricket teams towards strengthening relationships with both sponsors.
The tournament bowls off on Saturday 1st of July at the Albion Sports Complex while the Ministry of the Presidency has confirmed that President Granger would be available for the finals and presentation ceremony on Saturday 8th of July. The eight teams that have confirmed their participation for the tournament are Rose Hall Town Bakewell, Albion, Young Warriors, Blairmont, Tuckber Park, Young Achievers, Kildonan and Upper Corentyne. The first round of matches along with the semi-finals on the 1st of July would be played using the 10/10 format, while the 3rd Place Playoff and the finals would be played over 20 overs on the 8th of July. Due to reasons beyond the control of organisers, no Guyana contracted cricketers nor CPL player would be allowed to participate, while teams would be allowed a maximum of six first division players who have played more than four Berbice or GCB first division matches in 2016 and 2017 combined. Under-19 players would not be considered first division players.
The prize package of $1M has already been secured and the winning team would take home $500,000 and a trophy, the 1strunner up $300,000 and a trophy, 2nd Runner-up $100,000 and trophy, while 3rd runner-up would receive $50,000. The Man of the Finals would collect $50,000 and a trophy, while the four teams that did not place in the tournament would receive $15,000 each.
President David Granger during the presentation ceremony would be distributing schoolbags and bicycles to less fortunate children across Berbice under the RHTY&SC Patron's Fund Programme, while 20 Cricket Clubs would also be receiving a large donation of cricket balls under the Club's Cricket Development Programme. Among the Clubs to benefit would be the eight teams participating along with Bush Lot, Fyrish, NO.19, Big Star, Whim, Courtland, Skeldon and Chesney.
Kares Engineering Ltd is the main sponsor of the tournament with sponsorship of the prizes while the RHTY&SC has announced that entry to the venue would be free. The Club at the end of the tournament would be providing a comprehensive financial statement and report to President Granger and all sponsors.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Late in the day on Tuesday (May 29), Pusha T unleashed a scathing response to Drake's “Duppy Freestyle” titled “The Story of Adidon.” The release from the G.O.O.D. Music President takes aim at Drake, his mother, a possible hidden child and his father. The uproar from last night became a topic for the Wendy Williams show and her remarks did not sit well with Drake's father, Mr. Dennis Graham.
Today's broadcast made it to Mr. Graham's Instagram page with a heated caption that reveals the respect that he had for the controversial personality and her platform to be gone out the window to what he believes is inaccuracy in her reporting.
“I had come to actually finally like Wendy Williams and watch her show it grew on me,” Dennis G wrote. “Here's the game changer, It's very informative when you listen to a talk host report a story that they've actually researched and share it with their audience but this Rupaul Drag Race Queen looking B#+##^ has stepped out of her lane.”
The attack on Williams continued by bringing up her audience size and more appearance jabs before claiming “I lost all respect for you today.” You can view the entire post below.
ROME — Three international aid groups have suspended migrant rescues in the Mediterranean over the weekend because they felt threatened by the Libyan coastguard.
Save the Children and Germany's Sea Eye said on Sunday their crews could no longer work safely because of the hostile stance of the Libyan authorities. Doctors Without Borders — or Medecins sans Frontieres — cited the same concern when it said on Saturday it would halt Mediterranean operations.
"We leave a deadly gap in the Mediterranean," Sea Eye's founder Michael Busch Heuer warned on Facebook, adding that Libya had issued an "explicit threat" against non-government organisations operating in the area around its coast.
Migrants wait to be rescued by the Aquarius rescue ship on Aug. 2, 2017. Angelos Tzortzinis / AFP - Getty Images
Libyan coastguard boats have repeatedly clashed with NGO vessels on the edge of Libyan waters, sometimes opening fire. The coastguard has defended such actions, saying the shooting was to assert control over rescue operations.
"In general, we do not reject (NGO) presence, but we demand from them more cooperation with the state of Libya ... they should show more respect to the Libyan sovereignty," coastguard spokesman Ayoub Qassem told Reuters on Sunday.
Tension has also been growing for weeks between aid groups and the Italian government, which has suggested some NGOs are facilitating people smuggling, while Italy is trying to enhance the role of the Libyan coastguard in blocking migrant departures.
This month, Italy began a naval mission in Libyan waters to provide technical and operational support to its coastguard, despite opposition from factions in eastern Libya that oppose the U.N.-backed government based in Tripoli.
African refugees wait aboard the Golfo Azurro, the Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms rescue ship, to disembark at the Italian port of Reggio Calabria, on Feb. 25, 2017. Santi Palacios / AP
Immigration is dominating Italy's political agenda before elections early next year, with public opinion increasingly hostile to migrants. Almost 600,000 migrants have arrived in Italy over the past four years.
Most sailed from lawless Libya in flimsy vessels operated by people smugglers. More than 13,000 migrants have died trying to make the crossing.
Ships manned by charities have played a growing role in rescues, picking up more than a third of all migrants brought ashore so far this year, compared with less than one percent in 2014.
Aid groups and some Italian politicians warn that migrants intercepted by the Libyan coast guard are taken back to inhuman conditions in detention camps on the Libyan mainland.
However, prosecutors in Sicily have opened investigations against some NGOs, which they suspect of collaborating with people smugglers, and Rome has proposed a Code of Conduct setting stricter rules on how the groups can operate.
Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano said in a newspaper interview on Sunday that Libya's growing role in controlling its waters was curbing people trafficking and producing a welcome "readjustment" in the Mediterranean.
MSF's decision to halt its rescue operations was part of this positive process, he told the newspaper La Stampa.
Save the Children said its rescue ship, the Vos Hestia, would dock in Malta until it received assurances about the intentions of the Libyan authorities.
Libya was trying to increase the range of the waters its ships controlled from 12 nautical miles around its coast to 70 nautical miles, the humanitarian organisation said.
"The necessary pause in operations from charity rescue ships likes ours and others will undoubtedly put lives at risk," its operations director, Rob MacGillivray, warned.
Libyan coastguard officials have previously said they have rights over operations dozens of miles beyond the territorial limit of 12 nautical miles, without clearly detailing the claims to such rights or how they could be enforced.
GREENVILLE — The Senior Straight to Work Job Fair took place at Greenville High School (GHS) on April 11 and had seniors from five schools attend the event: Ansonia, Greenville, Mississinawa Valley, Franklin-Monroe and Tri – Village.
According to Darke County Economic Development's Career Pathway Coordinator Lisa J. Wendel, the event's purposes are for students to foster business/student connections and to have an opportunity to practice their verbal communication skills. Students had 45 minutes of interviewing, which included 15 businesses at three minutes each.
“The companies have been very willing to participate in this event,” Wendel said. “I think they see it as both a community service and a way to touch their future work force.”
The businesses present were: Midmark Corp.; Trilogy Health Services, LLC; FRAM, Greenville Technology, Inc.; Ramco Electric Motors, Inc.; Kroger, Wayne HealthCare; Whirlpool Corp.; Brethren Retirement Community; Walmart; King's Command Foods, Inc.; Fort Recovery Industries, Inc.; Cosmo Prof Beauty Supply and Edison Community College of Greenville. Edison and Darke County
Benefits Coordinator Kendra Anglero with Brethren Retirement Community said she loves the young kids' drive and their attitude to improve themselves. Brother offers many career entry points, such as dining services, caregiver, State Tested Nursing Assistants (STNA) and resident assistant.
“I always look for people with good skills, but their attitude and outlook on care is almost more important, because you can't teach that,” she said. “You either have that or you don't.”
Commission Vice-Chair Mike Stegall and Edison were the only non-hiring businesses at the event. They served other purposes to the students. Commissioner Stegall interviewed seniors and gave them pointers about their skill levels.
“Mike makes students feel comfortable and he was specifically chosen because he is good at that,” Wendel said.
Stegall said most of the student gave really good interviews, but won't look the interviewer in the eye. He always asks them to give him an honest answer, because employers want the students' true opinions, he said.
“I am asking some questions they may not normally get asked to find out a little bit about them and what they think of Darke County,” Stegall said. “I am also trying to see if there is any interest in politics from young people. These kids are Darke County's best. We want them here. We are showing them, if they return to Darke County, they can raise a family here, get a good job and help make the county even better. Let's keep the home town talent here.”
Naval Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC) Instructor Chief Petty Officer Stephen Eldred said the event gives students an opportunity to see the businesses that are out there, talk to them and give them an idea of what they need to do to fit into a field in which they are interested.
“NJROTC students have some leadership opportunities and experiences that a lot of these businesses look for,” he said. “They see that these kids are already structured and have those manners – a lot of that comes into play. Little things like saying, ‘Yes ma'am, no ma'am make a big impresssion.”
Senior GHS student Michelle Fannin said she was unaware that many companies participating in the job fair existed. She also learned that some employers gave better interviews than others.
“I have never been interviewed,” she said. “I feel some of the employers were more calming and personal. A few others were very strict or didn't care what I said, because they interrupted what I was saying with new questions. This was a very great opportunity for me to be able to get these interviews with these people and have a very realistic experience.
“There were a few employers that I thought I would be a great employee for because I' m very hands-on and people oriented person, such as Wayne HealthCare and Bretheren Retirement Community,” Fannin said. “I would never have thought about that, but I work with preschoolers (Careers with Children), and the idea of being able to work with the elderly hands – on, I thought that was a good fit. That is something I never would have known if it wasn't for this event.”
The Senior Straight to Work Job Fair took place at Greenville High School, Friday, April 11. Seniors from five schools attended the event: Ansonia, Greenville, Mississinawa Valley, Franklin-Monroe and Tri – Village. Students participated in speed-interviewing to improve their skills and to see the opportunities for employment in the area. http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_careerfair2.jpg The Senior Straight to Work Job Fair took place at Greenville High School, Friday, April 11. Seniors from five schools attended the event: Ansonia, Greenville, Mississinawa Valley, Franklin-Monroe and Tri – Village. Students participated in speed-interviewing to improve their skills and to see the opportunities for employment in the area. Carolyn Harmon | The Daily Advocate Darke County Commission Vice-Chair Mike Stegall interviewed seniors at the Senior Straight to Work Job Fair, at Greenville High School, April 11. “Mike makes students feel comfortable and he was specifically chosen because he is good at that,” Darke County Economic Development's Career Pathway Coordinator Lisa J. Wendel said. http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_careerfair1jpg.jpg Darke County Commission Vice-Chair Mike Stegall interviewed seniors at the Senior Straight to Work Job Fair, at Greenville High School, April 11. “Mike makes students feel comfortable and he was specifically chosen because he is good at that,” Darke County Economic Development's Career Pathway Coordinator Lisa J. Wendel said. Carolyn Harmon | The Daily Advocate
By Carolyn Harmon [email protected]
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4354. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4354. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Additional Idaho charges have been filed in the case of the three robbery suspects arrested in Rock Springs October 3, Sheriff Mike Lowell said on Friday.
Amber Spradling, 19, is now charged in Twin Falls, Idaho, with Robbery and Conspiracy to Commit Robbery. Cameron Courtright, 30, now also faces Idaho charges of Robbery, Conspiracy to Commit Robbery, and Burglary. Colton Jeffress has already been charged in Idaho with Robbery and Parole Violation.
The three were arrested by county deputies and detectives near Wal-Mart in Rock Springs on Tuesday afternoon after Twin Falls, Idaho, authorities tracked them to this area.
A Kimber Pro Carry II semiautomatic pistol, used in the robbery and stolen from the victim, was recovered from the suspects' vehicle.
Spradling has already been returned to Twin Falls; Courtright and Jeffress remain in custody at the Sweetwater County Detention Center.
The Idaho charges stem from a home invasion in Twin Falls Idaho.
Hispanic students walk out after teacher tells them to ‘speak American' An English teacher at Cliffside Park High School in northern New Jersey is under fire after making controversial remarks to her class. “Military men and women are … not fighting...
Fans at a high school football game chant, 'Build the wall' Attendees at a local football game in Utah chanted, “Build the wall,” sparking controversy at the high school. One person in the stands was seen holding a cardboard cutout of...
Antifa used social media to track down and KO a neo-Nazi In the age of smartphones, the ugly side of people is now caught on camera. A man in Seattle was punched in the face after he was spotted wearing a red...
White nationalist Chris Cantwell is having the worst week ever Chris Cantwell became the face of white supremacy, thanks to the viral Vice documentary “Charlottesville: Race and Terror.” The 36-year-old has since been banned from Facebook, Instagram and even the...
Teen fearfully strips off white nationalist costume he wore 'for the fun' During the chaotic events in Charlottesville, Va., an unidentified man was filmed by documentarian C.J. Hunt stripping his clothes off. He had been wearing an outfit that associated him with...
Walmart customer: 'We're gonna kill every one of you f--king Muslims' An argument over a parking job in a Walmart lot turned ugly when a white woman threatened three Somalian girls. The enraged woman can be seen on camera saying, “We're...
Bigoted mom demands to see a white doctor An angry woman demanded to see a “white doctor” at a Rapid Access clinic in Mississauga, Canada, claiming her son was experiencing chest pains. Her ugly, slur-filled tirade was caught...
But the risk of death was nearly twice as high for patients with white coat hypertension, compared to patients whose blood pressure is normal when taken at the doctor's office and at home, the report published in the New England Journal of Medicine on Wednesday shows.
“White-coat hypertension is not benign," said Dr. Haitham Ahmed, medical director of cardiac rehabilitation at Cleveland Clinic, who was not a part of the study. "If seeing a white coat increases your blood pressure, a lot of other stressors in life are expected to as well.”
Researchers from the Autonomous University of Madrid, who followed 64,000 people over five years, concluded that blood pressure measurements taken at home regularly were a stronger predictor of cardiovascular deaths than doctor's office readings.
"We don't want to dismiss white coat hypertension," said Dr. Raymond Townsend, director of the hypertension program at Penn Medicine and author of the study's editorial via email. "We encourage our patients to do blood pressure readings at home. That is a good way to not only monitor blood pressure where you actually "live", but it also provides a lot of insight for patients to understand how life's little indiscretions, like take-out Chinese with extra soy sauce, can truly affect your blood pressure the next day."
“Life is not void of stressors. That's what life is all about. So it's better that you control your blood pressure so that even when those stressors increase, it's not causing damage to your blood vessels.” “Life is not void of stressors. That's what life is all about. So it's better that you control your blood pressure so that even when those stressors increase, it's not causing damage to your blood vessels.”
What do doctors suggest?
A 24-hour monitor that checks blood pressure throughout the day, to determine if it's truly elevated and to follow up with the doctor three months later. When choosing a home blood pressure monitor, the American Heart Association recommends an automatic, cuff-style, upper arm monitor. Wrist and finger monitors are not recommended because they yield less reliable readings.
The correct way to use a home blood pressure monitor
Be still. Don't smoke, drink caffeinated beverages or exercise within 30 minutes before measuring your blood pressure. Empty your bladder and ensure at least 5 minutes of quiet rest before measurements.
Don't smoke, drink caffeinated beverages or exercise within 30 minutes before measuring your blood pressure. Empty your bladder and ensure at least 5 minutes of quiet rest before measurements. Sit correctly — with your back straight and supported (on a dining chair, rather than a sofa). Your feet should be flat on the floor and your legs should not be crossed. Your arm should be supported on a flat surface (such as a table) with the upper arm at heart level. Make sure the bottom of the cuff is placed directly above the bend of the elbow.
— with your back straight and supported (on a dining chair, rather than a sofa). Your feet should be flat on the floor and your legs should not be crossed. Your arm should be supported on a flat surface (such as a table) with the upper arm at heart level. Make sure the bottom of the cuff is placed directly above the bend of the elbow. Make sure it fits. Measure around your upper arm and choose a monitor that comes with the correct size cuff.
Measure around your upper arm and choose a monitor that comes with the correct size cuff. Measure at the same time every day.
Take multiple readings. Record the results.
Record the results. Don't take the measurement over clothes.
If a high blood pressure is recorded it is important to measure two additional times, waiting a few minutes between measurements.
Blood pressure of 120/80 or above is considered elevated; 130/80 to 139/89 is considered Stage 1 hypertension and anything 140/90 or above will be considered stage 2 hypertension, according to the American Heart Association and American College of Cardiology guidelines.
If blood pressure reaches 180/120 or higher — and either number in the blood pressure reading counts — people will be classified as in hypertensive crisis with need for immediate treatment or hospitalization.
“Life is not void of stressors," said Ahmed. "That's what life is all about. It's better that you control your blood pressure, so that even when those stressors increase, it's not causing damage to your blood vessels.”
Aaron Hernandez lawyer and ex say he struggled with being gay Aaron Hernandez is no longer around to explain himself, but figures from his past are trying to separate the fact from the fiction in the life of the former Patriots...
Aaron Hernandez's 'happy' last days Lead defense attorney Jose Baez can still vividly remember the last days of his client Aaron Hernandez's life before he committed suicide at Massachusetts's Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center. In 2017, the...
NFL remembers Aaron Hernandez in Super Bowl memoriam Aaron Hernandez was included in the run-up to the Super Bowl. The former tight end, who killed himself in April while serving a life sentence for a 2013 murder, was...
Aaron Hernandez's downfall would be unbelievable if it wasn't true: author James Patterson's genre-spanning novels have sold millions of copies worldwide and even spawned the CBS drama series “Zoo.” But it's his newest book, a work of non-fiction, that's taking him...
Inside Aaron Hernandez's life behind bars — and the man who tried to save him It was a spectacular fall — from All-Pro tight end for the New England Patriots to suspect in the murder of his fiancée's sister's fiancé. Now, Aaron Hernandez was in...
Aaron Hernandez reportedly set up trust to dodge creditors before suicide Former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez may have sought to elude creditors by setting up a trust for his 5-year-old daughter before hanging himself in prison, according to a report....
Aaron Hernandez house sells to real estate investor for $1M NORTH ATTLEBOROUGH, Mass. — Aaron Hernandez's home has been sold for $1 million, about $300,000 lower than the asking price. The Boston Herald reports that the 7,100-square-foot mansion in North...
Aaron Hernandez's brain was in bad shape BOSTON — Former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez suffered severe damage to parts of the brain that play an important role in memory, impulse control and behavior, a researcher...
By Radio.com Staff
Chris Brown has been accused of punching a photographer during an incident at the Tampa nightclub AJA Channelside early this morning.
Related: Chris Brown Responds to Addiction and Anger Issues Claims
The Tampa Police Department provided the following statement regarding the incident:
During an after party event, Mr. Brown and his crew came into the club for a ‘showing' for which he was paid. Mr. [Benny] Vines is a photographer for Club Aja. As he was taking photos, Vines reported Mr. Brown ‘sucker punched' him for allegedly taking photos. By the time officers were contacted and arrived, Mr. Brown left the scene. Mr. Vines wishes to prosecute for a minor laceration to his lip. Medical attention was refused. Investigation continues.
A statement posted to AJA Channelside's official Facebook page reads:
Incidents like the ones caused by Chris Brown and his team are very sad to see. As everyone witnessed he showed up to the club at around 1:30am. After only a few minutes of being there, Chris Brown himself and his team assaulted our club photographer and proceeded to walk out of the venue. AJA Channelside and our employees apologize for the inconvenience. Assault charges were pressed and we are dealing with the proper authorities accordingly. We appreciate your constant support!
Brown has yet to respond publicly to the allegations.
Next gen tech to give forecasters unprecedented information
By DINA ARÉVALO
Port Isabel-South Padre Press
editor@portisabelsouthpadre.com
On Nov. 19, 2016, the GOES-R satellite was launched into orbit via an Atlas V rocket. The launch marked the first of four such weather satellites which will ultimately circle the globe by 2024 giving scientists and weather forecasters an unprecedented amount of information about the planet's weather.
Such was the information shared during presentations on next generation technology at the National Tropical Weather Conference held on South Padre Island last week. The conference, which celebrated its fifth anniversary this year, is sponsored by the Urban Science Initiative, said Tim Smith, a longtime broadcast meteorologist at the Rio Grande Valley's ABC affiliate, KRGV.
Big weather news breaks at the conference every year, Smith said, not just updates on the latest satellite advancements. In fact, one of the biggest headlines to come out of the conference was the 2017 hurricane forecast. Dr. Philip Klotzbatch, of Colorado State University, and his hurricane forecast was one of the centerpieces of the conference. He predicts this season will spawn 11 named storms, including four hurricanes, with two becoming major hurricanes.
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
Among the discerning, cult-like devotees of Aman Resorts — the ultra-luxury, ultra-minimalist hotel group — Amangiri is one of the most sought-after properties.
Both hard to get to and easy to lose yourself in, the 34-suite property in Canyon Point, Utah, is a study in understated elegance.
It lets guests explore the great Southwest (and get a little dirty with outdoor excursions) in the most sophisticated way.
Why
The stunning hotel, opened in 2009, is made of concrete slabs nestled into the valley of a field of mesas — dusty red mountains with flat tops.
Each suite has its own outdoor lounge and fire pit, perfect for stargazing or s'more-eating. Tents for glamping are currently under construction.
A 4½-hour drive from the Las Vegas airport, Amangiri is all about seclusion and immersion. Nature, it seems, has never felt so chic.
Working well
Each morning and afternoon, the hotel offers complimentary hikes on its 8 miles of on-property trails (make sure to walk the Studhorse route at least once during your visit). One trail even includes a stop at the set remains for 1996 action flick “Broken Arrow,” which starred John Travolta and Christian Slater.
Food is also included in the cost of your stay. And while past guests complained that the unchanging dishes became monotonous during a long visit, the menu got a revamp this past fall and now includes hits like hearty chicken porridge for breakfast and rib eye prepared to your liking for dinner. (The “regional” style is dressed in Utah salt, chile rub, pumpkin seeds and ancho chile steak sauce.)
Despite being in the middle of nowhere, meals can quickly become a fun social experience with Amangiri's high-rolling (and surprisingly young) clientele. Take the entertaining Los Angeles nightlife impresario we met during our stay.
The staff will also pack you a picnic for a helicopter tour of Bryce Canyon ($4,500 for the adventure) and store unfinished bottles of vino until you're ready to imbibe again.
Like its sister properties, the spa at Amangiri is a haven for relaxation — though beware, the locker room is co-ed. Sneak away to the hidden hot tub in the back of the spa or try the floatation therapy treatment in Dead Sea water ($100 for 30 minutes).
Needs work
Since Amangiri is in Utah, alcohol rules are stringent. State law dictates that the hotel must charge for a taste of wine (yep, just a taste, which is $4 at the resort) and pours are carefully measured, so you may want to double up on that martini.
Amangiri offers a wide array of adventurous activities at an extra cost, including a $700 package for a driver and a Navajo-guided tour of three canyons — including the most Instagrammable: narrow, sun-lit Antelope Canyon. For most of Amangiri's multimillionaire customers, this is small change. But for those on a relative budget, you can opt to go rogue. We borrowed one of Amangiri's BMWs, drove out and hired the Navajo guide ourselves on-site for $45 per person. We couldn't have had a better experience.
Must try
One thing definitely worth splurging on is a Via Ferrata rock climbing excursion ($600 for two people). Via ferrata, a climbing method developed centuries ago in the Italian Alps, means “iron road.” And it truly is: Metal cables and ladder rungs are fixed into the rock face and guests — geared up in helmets and harnesses — clip in and out as they ascend the steep rock along six different routes. Our guide James was a reassuring presence, as there are some heart-pounding moments for the novice climber.
The best route for beginners is the three-hour Hoodoo Via Ferrata, where you're encased in vertical slot canyons for most of the climb. At the top, you can opt to cross a 600-foot-deep gorge along an 18-inch-wide suspension bridge. (One bold friend opted to do push-ups halfway along the bridge. One less-bold husband panicked and turned around.)
Bottom line
Beloved by everyone from Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt (in their halcyon days) to Cate Blanchett, Amangiri lets you recharge and experience some of America's finest topographies like an A-lister. Whether you want to lounge and spa all day (ask for a Thai massage with Rikki) or hop aboard a sunrise hot-air balloon straight from the grounds ($1,210 for two people), Amangiri has got you covered. Quite simply, the hotel is one of the most beautiful in the world.
Details and how to get there
From $1,400. For those plebes without private planes, the easiest way to get to Amangiri is to fly into Las Vegas. Stay overnight at the glam Cosmpolitan (from $195) with sunken bathtubs overlooking the strip. Within the hotel, dine at José André's restaurant Jaleo (don't miss the paella or buttery bread with sea urchin and bacon) to fuel up for the next day's drive to the desert.
A ceremony was held Thursday for a new electrical vehicle charging station in Forsyth, located in a parking lot next to the police station on South Kimball Street. City of Forsyth Special to The Telegraph
Britain's most decorated Winter Paralympian ever Menna Fitzpatrick says the Winter Olympics experience has "been a whirlwind".
Fitzpatrick and Jennifer Kehoe won gold in the women's visually-impaired slalom, silver in the women's super combined and giant slalom and bronze in the women's super G.
PHILADELPHIA — A judge is pushing back the start of Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial just a few days after rejecting his lawyers' demands for a three-month delay.
Judge Steven O'Neill on Monday moved the start of jury selection to April 2 from March 29. He scheduled hearings March 29 and 30 to resolve pretrial issues.
Cosby's lawyers were pressing for a longer delay after O'Neill ruled last week that up to five additional accusers could testify. They argued they needed more time to investigate the women's allegations and work up a defence.
Cosby has pleaded not guilty to charges he drugged and molested Andrea Constand at his suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
Cosby's first trial last year ended in a hung jury.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has.
——
For more on the Cosby trial, go to https://apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
ROME - A man opened fire on passersby in the central Italian town of Macerata on Saturday, injuring at least two people, local media reported.
Several media reports said the shots were fired from a car that was driving around the city. It appeared that the shooter was targeting black people, state television RAI said.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Re: Leupold vx-6 3-18x50mm cds Quote: troysand Originally Posted by LEUPOLD VX 6 3-18X50mm CDS illuminated duplex only 6 months old. $900. I am interest please call me 9897801514 or 9898719783 thank u ask for Aaron
Ballinamallard Bullet Josh Elliott remains hopeful of fulfilling his ambition of landing a coveted ride in the MCE British Superbike Championship this season.
The 2015 National Superstock 1000 champion has been drafted into Northern Ireland's Tyco BMW team for this weekend's British championship round at Knockhill in Scotland as a replacement for Ian Hutchinson, who sustained a broken left femur following a crash in the Senior TT last Friday.
Elliott rode for the Moneymore-based team in the Superstock class last season following his title triumph the previous year on the Morello Kawasaki.
However, he was unable to hit the same heights in 2016 on the Tyco BMW S1000RR, finishing fifth in the championship standings and claiming his sole win at Oulton Park.
The 23-year-old failed to secure a ride this year, joining fellow top talent Andy Reid on the sidelines as team bosses demanded budgets in excess of £45,000 to pay their way in.
Clogher's Keith Farmer and Alastair Seeley also fell into the same bracket before both riders managed to tie up late deals.
With Hutchinson injured, the door has opened for Elliott once again and the articulate Ulsterman is optimistic he could yet still bag a BSB ride for the remainder of the season.
“I haven't raced since the final round of the Superstock championship at Brands Hatch last year,” Elliott told the News Letter.
“I've kept myself in shape and the main thing will be finding that sharpness again after being away for so long. It'll be a matter of adjusting to the speed again and trying to get myself into a position to push for a fast lap time.
“To be honest, I was kind of expecting the call after Hutchy's crash at the TT, although I didn't think it would happen in time for this round.
“The option was there, so I decided to take it and I'll try and do the best job I can.”
On his desire to break into British Superbikes, Elliott said joining the series remains the next logical step in his career.
“I won the Superstock 1000 Championship in 2015 and I really didn't get much out of it to be honest,” he said.
“I got a ride in the same championship the following year with Tyco BMW and essentially now for my career I need to be on a Superbike.
“BSB is my main goal because I don't feel as if I have anything to prove in the Superstock 1000 class. This ride is about getting some track time under my belt and hopefully something will come up.
“I'm not sure what's happening with [Davide] Giugliano and all I can do is give it a good shot this weekend and then see if we have an option for Snetterton after that.”
Tyco BMW team manager Philip Neill speaks highly of Elliott, describing the young prospect as a ‘class act'.
“Obviously our first thoughts are with Hutchy as he recovers from the leg injuries he sustained during the Senior TT on the Isle of Man. Thankfully he is now on the road to recovery,” he said.
“With Hutchy missing from action we are delighted to offer Josh the opportunity to re-join Tyco BMW for this weekend's Superstock races.
“Josh is a class act and after some great performances on the S1000RR last season, it will be interesting to see how quickly he can get himself up to speed this weekend after some time off a bike.”
Dan Loeb's Third Point plows into Alibaba again Dan Loeb's on and off love affair with Alibaba is back on. The hedgie behind Third Point added the China-based e-commerce giant to its portfolio in the second quarter, according...
BlackRock's profits surge on index funds, but revenues miss BlackRock, the world's biggest asset manager, on Wednesday reported double-digit profit gains but missed revenue forecasts, results that underscore pressure on the fund industry as investors plow money into lower-cost...
BlackRock 'modestly' cuts CEO Larry Fink's 2016 pay BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager, cut total compensation for Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Larry Fink by 1 percent in 2016, according to a filing on Thursday. Fink was...
BlackRock boss feels 'bipolar' about Trump's presidency The stock market is testing new highs almost daily, but Wall Street titans are feeling uncertain. “I'm not relaxed,” BlackRock CEO Larry Fink said at a Yahoo Finance conference in...
BlackRock boss will monitor Apple CEO's 'tax holiday' If Tim Cook takes a tax holiday, Larry Fink will be watching him. Fink, the hard-charging chief executive of investing giant BlackRock, said Tuesday he will scrutinize how corporate giants...
BlackRock is officially moving to Hudson Yards In the latest big defection from East Midtown to the far West Side, global investment giant BlackRock will move its headquarters from East 52nd Street to 50 Hudson Yards, the...
BlackRock chooses Hudson Yards for new home Financial giant BlackRock has settled on 50 Hudson Yards for its new Manhattan headquarters, sources told The Post. Although both a BlackRock rep and a source at Hudson Yards developer...
Warren warns Clinton not to bring Wall Street to White House Liberal firebrand Sen. Elizabeth Warren is warning Hillary Clinton not to fill her White House and administration with Wall Street bigs. “I know that personnel is policy, but let me...
BlackRock disses two Exxon directors in rare public show BlackRock withheld support from two high-profile directors at Exxon Mobil, securities filings show, a rare spat apparently driven by a board communications policy at the world's largest energy company. Because...
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
1:33 First Baby of 2017 Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
MADINAH/RIYADH: Worshipers perform Taraweeh prayers at the Prophet's Mosque during this holy month of Ramadan, amid services provided by the government of King Salman.
Residents, visitors and worshipers in the city from early hours flock to the mosque to perform Isha and Taraweeh prayers.
Relevant government bodies make all possible efforts to provide the necessary services for visitors and worshipers to perform the holy rituals.
Inside the Prophet's Mosque and its outside courts, officials arrange the iftar meal, a familiar image for the residents of Madinah that embodies cooperation and brotherhood. It expresses their pride and honor to be able to offer such services to visitors and Umrah pilgrims.
Moreover, extensive arrangements are being made for Qiyamul Layl, or midnight prayers, in the Two Holy Mosques and other places of worship across Saudi Arabia, beginning Thursday.
Qiyamul Layl in the Grand Mosque in Makkah and the Prophet's Mosque in Madinah generally begins at 12:45 a.m., lasting for about two hours. The prayers in other parts of the Kingdom normally start at 1 a.m. and last for one or two hours.
Qiyamul Layl is held during the last 10 days of Ramadan. To make it smooth for the worshipers inside mosques, private establishments have been contracted to maintain mosques throughout the Kingdom. They have geared up their staff to be on duty throughout the night to ensure a smooth supply of power and water.
Philanthropists regularly supply soft drinks and water to worshipers who come to spend their time at the mosques during the midnight prayers.
Mohammed Obaidullah, imam at Sheebani Mosque in Riyadh's Nasiriyah district, told Arab News on Tuesday that there are six rakats in three pairs, followed by prayers that comprise three rakats. It takes a minimum of 75 minutes to complete the prayers.
The last 10 days of Ramadan are considered highly significant since the Holy Qur'an was first revealed to mankind through the Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) on Laylat Al-Qadr (Night of Power or Night of Destiny). The imam said that good deeds of worshipers would be richly rewarded during the night prayers in the holy month.
MADINAH/RIYADH: Worshipers perform Taraweeh prayers at the Prophet's Mosque during this holy month of Ramadan, amid services provided by the government of King Salman.
Residents, visitors and worshipers in the city from early hours flock to the mosque to perform Isha and Taraweeh prayers.
Relevant government bodies make all possible efforts to provide the necessary services for visitors and worshipers to perform the holy rituals.
Inside the Prophet's Mosque and its outside courts, officials arrange the iftar meal, a familiar image for the residents of Madinah that embodies cooperation and brotherhood. It expresses their pride and honor to be able to offer such services to visitors and Umrah pilgrims.
Moreover, extensive arrangements are being made for Qiyamul Layl, or midnight prayers, in the Two Holy Mosques and other places of worship across Saudi Arabia, beginning Thursday.
Qiyamul Layl in the Grand Mosque in Makkah and the Prophet's Mosque in Madinah generally begins at 12:45 a.m., lasting for about two hours. The prayers in other parts of the Kingdom normally start at 1 a.m. and last for one or two hours.
Qiyamul Layl is held during the last 10 days of Ramadan. To make it smooth for the worshipers inside mosques, private establishments have been contracted to maintain mosques throughout the Kingdom. They have geared up their staff to be on duty throughout the night to ensure a smooth supply of power and water.
Philanthropists regularly supply soft drinks and water to worshipers who come to spend their time at the mosques during the midnight prayers.
Mohammed Obaidullah, imam at Sheebani Mosque in Riyadh's Nasiriyah district, told Arab News on Tuesday that there are six rakats in three pairs, followed by prayers that comprise three rakats. It takes a minimum of 75 minutes to complete the prayers.
The last 10 days of Ramadan are considered highly significant since the Holy Qur'an was first revealed to mankind through the Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) on Laylat Al-Qadr (Night of Power or Night of Destiny). The imam said that good deeds of worshipers would be richly rewarded during the night prayers in the holy month.
Coca-Cola Co. has pushed into all sorts of new kinds of beverages -- from drinking vinegars to protein shakes. But a big source of growth this quarter came from a more familiar place: carbonated soft drinks.
Even as U.S. consumers reportedly move away from artificial sweeteners, the company's first-quarter earnings were boosted by gains in Diet Coke and Coca-Cola Zero Sugar. Diet Coke in particular posted a comeback, with a major redesign spawning growth in North America for the first time since the fourth quarter of 2010.
“We got off to a strong start returning Diet Coke to growth in North America,” Chief Executive Officer James Quincey said Tuesday morning on a call with analysts. “Now we recognize it's still very early in the process, but we're encouraged by the initial consumer response. Importantly I'm pleased to see the team take bold action to change the trajectory of the results.”
Diet Coke's revival is a particularly remarkable feat given it's been in decline for years as U.S. drinkers' tastes changed. Though it remains the third-largest carbonated soft drink in the U.S., Diet Coke saw volume drop 4.3 percent last year, according to industry publication Beverage-Digest.
But it seems Americans weren't finished with diet sodas after all, just waiting for a new look. Coke in January launched the biggest-ever makeover for its original zero-calorie brand, releasing its classic Diet Coke and four new flavors in taller, skinnier cans, spurring the American rebound. Coke's new version of Coca-Cola Zero Sugar also reaped rewards: globally, the brand posted double-digit gains. Even Coca-Cola Classic grew 3 percent.
“I hope the trend continues,” Quincey said of Diet Coke's turnaround. “I'm encouraging the team to continue to learn and be bold with the next round of actions. ”
The source of growth was surprising, said Morgan Stanley analyst Dara Mohsenian. The composition of organic sales “was different than we expected,” he said in a note to clients.
Coke's non-branded products, the healthier waters and juices, also did well. Picking up high-growth smaller brands is part of Coke's strategy of diversifying its portfolio to reach consumers during more drinking occasions.
A flying car could light the torch at the 2020 Olympics If you're gonna light the Olympic torch, why not do it with some style? Toyota recently invested nearly $400,000 into a startup in hopes of having the driver of a...
Nike's self-lacing sneakers might be the most valuable shoes in the world Great Scott! Nike's “Back to the Future II”-inspired, self-tying sneakers are finally in the hands of a very small group of ridiculously lucky fans who have already taken to social...
You'll get a kick out of these self-lacing sneakers A few lucky fans who've been waiting for their own pair of Marty McFly's self-lacing high-top Nike sneakers since “Back to the Future Part II” hit screens in 1989 will...
Man hits 88 mph in DeLorean, fails to time travel, gets arrested Great Scott! A British man channeling his inner Marty McFly was clocked driving his DeLorean faster than 88 mph – but insisted: “I wasn't trying to time travel!” Nigel Mills,...
Nike just made your 'Back to the Future' dreams come true Forget about slipping out of your shoes because of loose laces or feeling pressure from too-tight tying when doing those sprints. Nike Inc. has unveiled its first power-lacing sneaker —...
Hey McFly, you can buy a brand-new DeLorean again But will they run on Plutonium? The DeLorean Motor Company is going “Back to the Future” — and resurrecting the iconic car that Marty McFly and Doc Brown made famous...
'Back to the Future' writer: Trump was inspiration for Biff “Back to the Future” screenwriter Bob Gale has revealed that Donald Trump was the inspiration for Marty McFly's archnemesis Biff Tannen. The revelation comes as part of a slew of...
This alternate Mets 'Back to the Future' scene should solve Michael J. Fox's dilemma While some of the predictions made in “Back to the Future Part II” eventually came true, like Skype and fingerprint scanners, one of them did not: The Chicago Cubs winning...
Pepsi's 'Back to the Future' throwback bottle falls flat “Back to the Future” fans were screaming “Great Scott!” Wednesday after learning that the limited edition bottles of “Pepsi Perfect” — the soda Marty McFly drank on October 21, 2015...
Mindy Grossman, CEO of Weight Watchers, discusses the shift from focusing on losing weight to overall health and wellness, and the launch of their Healthy Kitchen products.Paul Sweeney, U.S. Director of Research and Senior Media/Internet Analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence, on Apple developing their own screens, Facebook in hot water after the Cambridge Analytica data breach, and Time Warner going to trial against the DOJ.Elliot Weissbluth, Founder and CEO of HighTower Advisors, on the repeal of DOL's fiduciary rule, and what it means for financial advisors and investors. Susanne Barton, Bloomberg commodities reporter, on why industry barons see a future in mining asteroids in space for water and minerals.
This is a Bloomberg podcast. To download, watch or listen to this report now, click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar. For additional Bloomberg podcasts, see {BPOD }. -- Bloomberg Radio +1-212-617-5560
Running time 28:32
Vladmir Putin may have just been reelected with more than 70% of the vote. But one of the most publicly critical voices of the Russian ruler is heading to Israel very soon. The protest punk rock group Pussy Riot will be performing for the first time ever in Tel Aviv on May 16.
The members of the band - which ranges in number - have never been fearful of expressing their opinions, which has landed many of them in hot water multiple times. In 2012, two members were sentenced to close to two years in prison for an anti-Putin performance in Moscow. Another was detained in 2017 in the Siberian city of Yakutsk during a protest and others at the Sochi Olympics in 2014.
But the group has never backed down, and they just released a new song this week after Putin's inevitable reelection, titled "Elections.""6 years we're gonna fight," the women rap in Russian. "6 years we're not gonna obey/ 6 years I gonna start a gang/ 6 years we're not gonna eat scraps."The group noted that 18 years of Putin's power has brought only "arrests, poisonings, tortures, murders of political activists.""You should not be deceived," they wrote upon releasing their latest song, "this event on 18th of March is not elections. Falsifications, eliminations of political opponents, Kremlin-controlled media leave no chance to anybody except Putin."The Israeli folk and punk-rock duo Deaf Chonky will open for Pussy Riot in Tel Aviv. Tickets for the show at the Barby go on sale Tuesday and start at NIS 150, via barby.co.lil or 03 518-8123.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
American Airlines has kicked off a training and financing program for would-be pilots, extending efforts to address a looming shortage of aviators.
Students selected for the new American Airlines Cadet Academy would train for as long as 18 months at one of three flight schools aligned with the carrier. The students would have an option to obtain financing for the full cost, including room and board, through Discover Financial Services, American Airlines Group Inc. said in a statement Tuesday.
A U.S. pilot shortage is expected to balloon to at least 15,000 positions by 2026, according to a 2016 study by the University of North Dakota's Aviation Department, as more captains reach mandatory retirement and fewer young people choose aviation as a career. Major U.S. carriers are working with flight-training schools, and regional airlines have boosted pay and added signing bonuses to ensure that they can staff cockpits.
“The lack of financing options has restricted the size of the pilot pool, leaving some of the most talented people out of the running,” said Kimball Stone, American's vice president for flight. Flight-training for a university commercial-aviation major can cost more than $60,000, before room and board.
Graduates of American's cadet academy would get the chance to become first officers at one of the airline's three wholly owned regional carriers. Eventually that could lead to positions at the parent airline.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — Josh McCown has heard the talk about Kirk Cousins, Sam Darnold, Baker Mayfield, Josh Allen, etc. being the Jets' new quarterback.
Still he's hoping he is under center for the Jets again in 2018.
“It's hard to say, ‘Hey, I want to go somewhere else' after you had the best year of your career,” McCown, a pending free agent, said Friday at the Super Bowl. “I liked being there and loved the organization and the guys in the locker room. I think there was a good foundation laid, something special and something that can be built. I understand and respect the evaluation process that has to take place and let's see where that leads us. Who knows?”
McCown was part of a panel for RISE, an organization that is trying to improve race relations and drive social progress through the power of sports.
The 38-year-old had a huge year in his first season with the Jets, playing better than anyone expected. He broke his left hand on Dec. 10, ending his season early. McCown still had a light wrap on the hand Friday, but said the injury is almost healed.
McCown said he would be fine with coming back to the Jets, even if they tell him they plan on drafting a quarterback with the No. 6 pick.
“I came here with a guy that has just gotten picked in the second round [Christian Hackenberg],” McCown said. “That's part of this business. For me, I'm going to come in and be part of the quarterback room and assimilate the best that I can and give away my experiences and share that with whoever is in there. Whatever the case may be I'm all for it.“It's hard because you never like to see anybody lose their job either,” McCown said. “That's the [crummy] part of this business. That said, Jeremy's a guy I worked closely with this whole year. If that's the opportunity he gets, I'm going to be excited for him. I look forward to him putting his imprint on this team.”
“I know we have older quarterbacks around the league who are pushing the envelope, but the reality is none of us are going to play forever and you understand that. I've said it from Day 1, I really root for these guys being able to find that long-term answer at quarterback and want them to succeed. If that's through the draft or that's through people already on the team if I can be a part of helping that, I'd love to.”
If McCown does come back, he will have a new offensive coordinator. The Jets fired John Morton after the season and are expected to promote quarterbacks coach Jeremy Bates to the position.
Was #BBNaija Finalist CeeC “Attacked” at the Airport? No!
Except “attack” is now being defined as people trying to take a selfie with you or hug/hold you, as a means of showing love.
Clearly, the top five finalists have the most loyal fans. If not, they wouldn't have made it to the final. People were already at the airport, per usual, with a marching band from #TeamTobi and other housemates' fans in their asoebis t-shirts, caps, e.t.c.
As the finalists left the aircraft, their fans (at this time, just immigration, customs and other airport staff) were screaming their names, hugging, and trying to get a selfie. It became worse as they got into the terminal. Mind you, only airport staff had access to them at the time. They were dragged, hugged, forced to take a selfie, and so on. One look at their faces, you'd see how shocked and overwhelmed they were by all the love they were getting.
It was mad rowdy! At some point, senior officials were sending other staff – immigration, customs and other airport staff away to their duty posts. The housemates had to be put in a lounge and locked away. They hadn't even gotten to the mammoth crowd outside.
Finally, the place became less insane and they were moved out, to the protocol and security waiting for them outside. But it took lots of pushing, shouting, hugging, attempts to record videos and take selfies. And funny enough, in less than one minute or two, they were safely taken away.
This was what happened at Murtala Muhammed International Airport Monday night when the #BBNaija finalists got into the country. No one one was attacked. It was all love.
We should understand that at the centre of any news are news-makers, individuals, with families and friends and their own lives. Hence, anything we push out should pass the truth, accuracy, and humanity test.
Photo Credit: Instagram – @lusciousbella
The post Was #BBNaija Finalist CeeC “Attacked” at the Airport? No! appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Rain and snow mix it up in Charlotte
While the North Carolina mountains and foothills got measurable snow on Friday Charlotte got a cold rain with an occasional glimpse of snow.
The British government has extracted what it says are the first legally binding commitments from a bidder covering how it will manage a company following a hostile takeover. The pledges extracted from Melrose Industries Plc in its pursuit of engineering giant GKN Plc risk setting an awkward precedent.
It's not unusual for bidders to throw about promises to treat employees well and support the economy when mounting takeovers. Today, buyers of U.K. assets need to choose their words more carefully. Following the takeover of confectioner Cadbury and a failed bid for drugmaker AstraZeneca Plc, the rule book was tweaked to distinguish between "intentions" and "post-offer undertakings" made by aspiring buyers.
For Sale Overseas takeovers of British companies have become increasingly controversial Source: Bloomberg; graphic by Bloomberg Gadfly
An "intention" to keep a factory open can change. An "undertaking" to do so is a binding commitment. The latter must be agreed with the regulator, the Takeover Panel, and require an independent monitor, typically an audit firm, to ensure compliance. It is serious stuff, enforceable by the courts.
Getting the Panel to approve a POU clearly isn't easy. Melrose was unable to formulate an undertaking that it would keep GKN's aerospace business for five years. It's not hard to see why the Panel balked—Melrose wanted the pledge to be voided if a decent buyer surfaced that the government approved of. The commitment was conditional. So Melrose has now made undertaking directly with business minister Greg Clark.
The clumsy episode creates a gray area in the U.K. takeover regime. Clark says he expects POUs in bid situations where the public interest in "engaged." There could be quite a few. Yet it's far from clear that the sort of commitments demanded by lawmakers in the heat of a takeover battle will be things the Panel is willing to police, as happened in Melrose's case. The end result could be more bids involving contractual agreements directly with Clark and his successors.
This will be fine if it happens in isolated cases, where government and purchaser are on the same page and the Takeover Panel feels that enforcing a vague but headline-grabbing commitment is beyond its remit. But will ministers now start demanding questionable but politically expedient commitments from overseas bidders now the precedent is set in this all-U.K. deal? There's a dangerous path here to random demands on buyers that amount to little but protectionism in disguise.
Each time the Federal Reserve raises interest rates, which is normally the sign of a booming economy, it could hurt millions of vulnerable debt-heavy households.
Some market and credit card industry observers warn that many people may suddenly not be able to pay their monthly bills.
What happens, the analysts ask, if millions of people — as happened in the financial crisis of 2008 — suddenly can't pay their subprime auto loans or credit card bills because higher rates cause monthly payments to also rise?
“This could be detrimental on several different levels — unfortunately, because we have just had this tremendous surge in sub-prime auto loans — unlike anything we have seen in prior cycles,” says Danielle DiMartino Booth, a former Dallas Federal Reserve adviser and now an economic consultant.
“My greatest fear is that some of the people who lost their homes in the housing bubble are going to be the same people who the repo man will visit,” she said.
With credit card debt once again reaching historic highs, a few observers warn 2018 could be a difficult year for millions of American households.
Booth notes disturbing echoes of 2008: declining savings rates, problem auto loans and all that card debt. Average household credit card debt has gone up every year since 2013, increasing from $6,224 to $7,135, according to NerdWallet.com.
Booth says auto-loan delinquency rates have already exceeded 2008 crisis levels, and interest rates are rising at the same time card debt is.
Credit card balances, according to the latest Federal Reserve report, peaked at just over $1 trillion in 2007 and 2008. During the recession, these balances fell to under $800 billion. They have since rebounded steadily, the central bank says.
Indeed, in November, card debt went up $11.2 billion, reaching a total of $1.023 trillion. That beat the prerecession record of $1.021 trillion, according to the Fed.
So far, notes Bill Hardekopf of LowCards.com., cardholders seem to feel that they can handle a bigger debt burden because the economy is stronger than it was a decade ago. Card default rates are now low, he adds.
“But interest rates are expected to continue to rise this year. And that will put more pressure on those who carry a month-to- month balance and pay those higher interest rates each month,” Hardekopf cautions.
Hardekopf says the most vulnerable are those who never pay off balances but carry big interest-charging balances from month to month.
An official of a credit rating agency recently wrote about this potential problem:
“Auto loans and credit cards bear watching,” according to Rita Sahu, a vice president with Moody's, in a 2018 banking-outlook report.
“Auto-loan delinquencies are above precrisis levels at around 2.3 percent,” she wrote.
Sahu warns that automobile loans and credit card numbers are “negative outliers.”
And that, adds Booth, pointing to the Sahu report, could have implications for the economy.
“As we are a nation driven by consumption, that could certainly hurt overall economic growth,” says Booth, author of “Fed Up: An Insider's Take on Why the Federal Reserve Is Bad for America.” She believes the economy will be “on a sugar high” for the next two quarters from tax cuts but will then slump.
TORONTO — A 62-year-old Canadian pastor held in a North Korean prison for more than 2 1/2 years said he suspected his life sentence was commuted last week to help reduce pressure on Pyongyang.
"I believe (North Korean leader) Kim Jong-un let me go as a gesture of goodwill in the face of so much rhetoric," Hyeon Soo Lim told a packed worship hall in a Toronto suburb on Sunday.
Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim is greeted by members of his congregation at the Light Korean Presbyterian Church in Mississauga on August 13, 2017 after being freed from a North Korean labor camp last week. Cole Burston / AFP - Getty Images
That was his first public appearance since his release on Wednesday, during a week when Washington and Pyongyang were exchanging escalating threats of violence amid their long-running dispute over North Korea's nuclear program. Canadian authorities have declined to discuss the negotiations that led to Lim's release.
RELATED: Canada Confirms Pastor Hyeon Soo Lim Freed From North Korea
Wearing a baggy charcoal-gray suit and speaking in his native tongue of Korean, Lim described a harsh life of labor in solitary confinement, where he was forced to dig holes in frozen ground for two winters.
"The mud was so hard that it took two days to dig one hole, 16 hours," he told hundreds of parishioners.
Pastor Hyeon Soo Lim holds his granddaughter in front of his wife Geum Young Lim as he leaves the Light Presbyterian Church in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, August 13, 2017. Mark Blinch / Reuters
He said his health suffered in his first two months at the labor camp, and his weight dropped by 51 pounds, but he added that his condition had since improved.
The congregation at Light Presbyterian Church, one of Canada's largest houses of worship, welcomed him with flowers, hugs and standing ovations.
"Reverend Lim's release was a miracle, work of God," said church founder Chai Hoon Park, who recruited Lim in 1985. "He escaped from the fire pit."
Lim sat at the front of the hall holding his 1-year-old granddaughter, who was born while he was in captivity. He appeared jubilant, thanking his congregation and the Canadian government for their support.
Rev. Hyeon Soo Lim, who was imprisoned in North Korea for more than two years, is seen reuniting with his wife Keum Young Lim as he returned to Canada. HANDOUT / Reuters
During his first year in captivity, he had no Bible, so he read more than 100 books and watched over 300 films, all of them about North Korea, he said.
He then received Korean and English Bibles, which he read five times, memorizing more than 700 verses since he was not allowed to write.
Lim was glad to be at his home church after worshiping alone for 130 Sundays, although he was grateful for an extended time of solitude with God, he said.
"God gave me the ability to imagine," he said. "When you don't watch TV or read the newspaper, there's a lot of time."
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
Chandler Catanzaro's eyes filled with tears and his voice broke for a moment.
The Jets kicker was in the back of the team's locker room after their 23-20 overtime victory over the Jaguars on Sunday. Moments earlier, he had kicked the game-winning 41-yard field goal. Now, he was reflecting on what it meant.
Catanzaro missed seven kicks for the Cardinals last season. The team moved on from him. The Jets picked him up, but he had to fight for the starting job against Ross Martin all offseason. Now, he had kicked the Jets to a win.
“That was a huge one for me, to be honest,” Catanzaro said. “Kicking wasn't very fun for me there for a little bit. I just had fun doing that. That was a cool moment. I'm just thankful for the opportunity, proud of my guys in the locker room and just thankful to come through.
“It was tough last season. I'm not going to lie. It was a tough offseason.”
Catanzaro made three field goals Sunday, but a miss just before halftime bothered him until he got a chance at redemption. He missed a 45-yard attempt after the Jets had gained 31 yards on a fake punt. The miss felt even bigger after the successful fake punt.
“It was killing me, sitting on the sideline,” Catanzaro said. “I hated it because these guys were working their tails off and they deserved that one to go through the posts. I was just thankful for another opportunity.”
Tight end Austin Seferian-Jenkins approached Catanzaro at halftime and told him he was going to win the game for the Jets.
“I knew when he had the opportunity to win the game for us, I knew he'd hit it,” Seferian-Jenkins said. “You always want to give your teammate confidence that no matter what I've got your back. That was just my thing. I knew he was going to hit it.”
Brent Qvale got the start at right tackle with Brandon Shell out with a shoulder injury. … David Bass replaced Josh Martin (ankle) at outside linebacker. He picked up his team-leading second sack. … DEs Leonard Williams and Muhammad Wilkerson still do not have a sack this season. … OLB Dylan Donahue (elbow) and CB Darryl Roberts (hamstring) exited the game with injuries and did not return. … The 256 rushing yards were the Jets' most since Dec. 1, 2014 when they had 277 in a loss to the Dolphins.
Kevin Mawae became the 18th member inducted into the Jets ring of honor during a halftime ceremony. The longtime center punctuated his speech by leading the crowd in a chant of “J-E-T-S! Jets! Jets! Jets!”
Rohingya Refugee Families Reinforce Shelters, Relocate Ahead of Monsoon, But Dangers Remain in Crowded Bangladesh Camps
COX'S BAZAR, Bangladesh, Apr 24 2018 (IOM) - Over 40,000 Rohingya families in Bangladesh's Cox's Bazar refugee camps have now been trained in shelter upgrade techniques ahead of the fast approaching monsoon and cyclone season. Women are playing a key role as part of a major project being rolled out by IOM, the UN Migration Agency.
With the first rains already affecting the camps, IOM now has completed its shelter upgrade trainings, but will continue to support workshops run by partner agencies. These show refugees how to best secure their shelters ahead of the strong winds and heavy rains expected in May.
In total 100,000 families will be reached through the trainings, while IOM is overseeing the roll out of a similar number of upgrade kits containing ropes, bamboo, tarpaulin and tools.
At least 120,000 people are expected to be at grave risk of landslides and floods when the monsoon hits the steep sandy slopes of the Cox's Bazar settlements, where almost a million Rohingya refugees are now living after fleeing violence in neighbouring Myanmar.
Dabal Rokaha, an IOM programme officer overseeing the trainings, said the workshops had proved hugely popular with the refugee community, with the number of women taking part steadily increasing, until women regularly outnumbered men.
“Often their husbands are busy taking part in cash-for-work programmes [to improve ground conditions in the camps.] When we started the trainings there might be 20 men and 5 women, but now we often see 70 per cent female participation. The women are getting more confident. They will take ownership of what they learn and when they go back to their shelters, their husbands will listen to them and take their advice,” she said.
Tasmin, a 25-year-old mother of four, was among those who took part in an IOM shelter upgrade workshop this week. “I feel good now I've had this training and I'm very pleased to have learned these things. They taught me how to build my shelter stronger. Now I can show my husband how to do these things. If we apply the things we've learned, our shelter will be better and we won't face so many problems,” she said.
With monsoon and cyclone season just weeks away, urgent action is underway by IOM and partner agencies, along with the government of Bangladesh, to improve conditions in the camps and help the refugees to build resilience against the dangers to come.
In addition to shelter upgrades, thousands of families at risk are also being relocated to safer ground. IOM is working with WFP and UNHCR in the race to prepare more land for people to set up their shelters in safer locations less prone to flooding and landslides.
But despite the efforts underway, the topography of the camps and the expected weather conditions ahead means that mitigating against all disaster is near impossible. IOM is also training refugees in search and rescue and first aid.
IOM and its partners have been working with the Bangladesh authorities over the past months to create roads, pathways, bridges and drains, and to stabilize land, which will help keep vital access ways open during the rains. Portering teams have also been created to bring in supplies on foot, if necessary. Distribution sites have been established in remote areas so that even if parts of the camp are cut off, people will still have access to aid.
But the cost of the operation has spiralled and IOM is now urgently appealing for additional funds and the cash shortfall is threatening the ability of aid agencies to respond to the inevitable emergencies that will arise during monsoon. To date just 7 percent of IOM's USD 182 million funding appeal for the rest of the year has been secured. The overall USD 951 million Joint Response Plan for all agencies has secured just $23 million.
For more information please contact IOM Cox's Bazar:
Fiona MacGregor, Email: fmacgregor@iom.int, Tel. +880 173 333 5221
Shirin Akhter, Email: sakhter@iom.int, Tel: +880 341 52195
HONG KONG/MUMBAI: BofA Merrill Lynch, UBS and Standard Chartered are among banks scrambling to win advisory roles in a potential merger involving Vodafone in India, sources said, as they chase a rare big deals-related payday in the country.
Britain's Vodafone Group said last month it was in talks to merge its Indian subsidiary with Idea Cellular in an all-share deal. The merger will create India's largest mobile operator with about $12 billion in sales.
The banks picked to advise on the deal could end up sharing as much as $40 million, according to Freeman Consulting. That is about 10 percent of the total investment banking fee pool last year in India, where advisory fees are among the lowest when compared to other major global markets.
Vodafone is in talks with Merrill Lynch, UBS and M&A boutique firm Rothschild for advisory roles, three sources with direct knowledge of the development, told Reuters.
Merrill and UBS had earlier been hired by Vodafone on a planned Indian listing. Morgan Stanley has already been picked for the advisory role in the proposed merger, the sources added.
Idea Cellular, part of India's metals to financial services Aditya Birla conglomerate, is likely to rope in StanChart and some Indian boutiques to work on the transaction, said the sources.
They said the talks for hiring the advisers have not been completed and the list could change.
Morgan Stanley, StanChart, UBS and Rothschild declined to comment, while BofA Merrill Lynch, Vodafone and Idea did not respond to a request for comment. The sources declined to be named as procedures related to the merger talks are not public.
In India, total fee earned from investment banking services, including M&A, equity and bonds, fell to $462.6 million in 2016, from $491 million a year ago, according to Thomson Reuters data, as equity capital market volume nearly halved.
The $40 million estimated fee pot in the potential Vodafone India deal is small when compared to the payouts from multi-billion M&A deals in advanced markets.
But it is big by standards in India, where M&A advisory fees tend to be 25-50 percent lower compared to the United States, Hong Kong and Singapore, as per industry estimates.
Foreign bankers in India privately grumble about the lack of a substantial number of M&A and equity underwriting deals worth more than $1 billion, making it harder for them to justify costs to their headquarters.
As a result, all large private investment banking deals see tough competition for winning advisory mandates, with global investment banks also vying with a host of local and well-connected boutique banks.
About half a dozen foreign banks had been roped in last year to manage Vodafone's highly-anticipated IPO in India, which was set to raise as much as $3 billion.
But with the Vodafone unit now in merger talks with listed Idea, that IPO plan is now off the table, and so is the rare opportunity to earn as much as $60 million in underwriting fees, the sources told Reuters.
GARDAI are appealing to able-bodied motorists not to park in disabled parking spaces following an incident in Askeaton earlier this week.
A photograph posted on social media of a car blocking two disabled spaces at a car park in Askeaton has been liked more than 60 times.
According to the post, the silver Volskwagen was observed by gardai sometime this Tuesday afternoon.
Observed today in Askeaton.... blocking two disabled parking spaces...... Gardaí remind all drivers to respect parking restrictions . pic.twitter.com/yvtz4xF1la — An Garda Síochána (@GardaTraffic) February 14, 2017
“Gardaí remind all drivers to respect parking restrictions,” read the accompanying message.
While parking in a disabled space is not a penalty point offence, it attracts an €80 fine.
Miami Dolphins center Mike Pouncey (51) grabs Anthony Steen (65) during a drill at the Miami Dolphins training facility on Monday. CHARLES TRAINOR JR ctrainor@miamiherald.com
Rendering of a central park that North Miami hopes will be an attraction in the city's Chinatown arts district. Kha Le-Huu Partners
Every time I see a little girl in a pantsuit, I choke up. I can't help it — I'm a crier — but I also see what that girl in the pantsuit represents: The power of Hillary Rodham Clinton and the importance of having strong, visible role models for little girls.
I would love to be more like Clinton. We share two first initials and an insatiable perfectionist streak, but before I read her new book “What Happened,” I was convinced we were as disparate as a fish and a bicycle. Clinton has courage and conviction, perseverance, and the bone structure to pull off a layered crop. I have an addiction to Desert Island Discs and the ability to speed read.
But then I read “What Happened” and something occurred to me. Clinton and I were more similar than I previously thought. There's a line early on in the book when she is discussing the salve that soothed her in the darkest doldrums of late last year. It was thus: Martha Stewart's famous mac and cheese, heavy on the Gruyere and pecorino, a glass of red wine and the new season of Gilmore Girls.
Wait a second, wait a second, back up the truck. This was my exact recipe for curing the particular fyg of a bad day. Right down to Stewart's pasta, which was the only thing my best friend's dad knew how to cook, and which we used to eat sitting on her stoop in Cobble Hill when I lived in New York as a teenager.
Instantly, I felt closer to Clinton. We both love mac and cheese with grated nutmeg and cayenne pepper and the fast-talking antics of Rory and Lorelai Gilmore. What else might we both love?
I flicked through the book, finding scores of references to foodstuffs and libations that Clinton not only imbibed but actively chose to put into her body. What might I learn if I followed her diet for a week? Who might I be? Who might I become?
Food as medicine
A good chunk of “What Happened” is preoccupied with, well, what happened. And what happened after Clinton lost the 2016 Presidential Election is this: She tried her hand at origami, she watched trashy television and she practiced yoga. “It wasn't all yoga and breathing,” she writes. “I also drank my share of chardonnay.”
Food as medicine — or more accurately, as balm and salve — is key to the narrative of Clinton. As it is key to the narrative of many women. For me, cooking is a stress reliever and I find the repetitive processes — chopping, stirring, following a recipe — soothing. The other thing that's medicinal? A glass of wine or three of an evening.
Clinton's drink of choice is a nice crisp Chardonnay, which I usually avoid like the plague. (I'm a Pinot Gris girl myself). But maybe this is what I've been doing wrong this whole time. Maybe I've been drinking the wrong wine. Plot twist: I haven't. Chardonnay is gross and I never want to drink it again. I managed to barely keep down my glass at the bar after work before switching over to my usual drink.
The other soothing food Clinton craves is Indian food, and at least here we're on common ground. Clinton and her staff ate a mammoth curry feast after she gave testimony in the Benghazi probe in 2015. She also mentions eating Indian food on the campaign trail in “What Happened.”
So on a particularly bad day last week I leaned right into this story, ordering almost $50 worth of curries, samosas, onion bhaji and naan bread. Because I don't have any internet at my house — which lies at the root of the aforementioned bad day — I was compelled to watch a DVD like it was 2009. And the only DVD I could find was Gilmore Girls. I immediately felt better.
Food as fun
There are also plenty of treats outlined in “What Happened.” Things like ice cream bars and Oreos, chocolate cake with turquoise frosting, pork chops on a stick, burgers and fries, like the ones George W. Bush offers to cook Clinton in the aftermath of the inauguration. And “vodka martinis with olives, as cold as they could make it.”
I love a martini as much as the next Bond girl, and I can definitely get behind anything involving burgers. I looked up George W. Bush's burger recipe and ended up with the outline for a cheeseburger pizza, famously beloved of the former president in the White House. It's topped with ground beef, cheddar cheese, bacon, pickles and lashings of hot sauce and sounds like your stomach is cashing checks your heart valves are going to bounce.
Hot sauce is Clinton's not-so-secret vice. Her favorite brand is Ninja Squirrel Sriracha. When she was First Lady, the White House kitchen was stocked with more than 100 different hot sauces. But in a pinch, Clinton will make do with Tabasco, which she claimed to carry in her handbag on her trips as Secretary of State, like a diplomatic Beyonce.
For lack of a presidential chef, I made Bush's cheese burger pizza myself. It was, in a word, greasy. Reader, I loved it.
Food as fuel
There's almost a whole chapter in “What Happened” detailing what Clinton and her staff ate on the campaign trail. Scrambled egg whites with spinach for breakfast, lots of hot sauce on top, protein bars and goldish crackers as snacks, and, when the going got tough, junk food. (“I remember a lot of pizza with sliced jalapenos delivered right to the [campaign] plane,” Clinton writes.)
Breakfast was the easiest meal to follow, even if it meant adding Tabasco to perfectly cooked scrambled eggs. The black coffee was a problem, as I'm usually a soy latte kind of girl. (Clinton does write about enjoying a latte made with honey and lavender from a bakery in Des Moines, but this level of caffeine artistry eludes me.) Lunch – tinned salmon with a basic salad, or those chicken tenders with almond flour – was a sad affair. I'm just not that into salad.
Luckily, Clinton also mentions loving a sandwich every now and then. I could feel my whole week building up to this sandwich. I chose my destination wisely. I don't think I've ever enjoyed a sandwich as much as I did that one. And the cafe has tiny little bottles of Tabasco, just crying out to be shaken all over your sandwich.
LIMERICK hosted the first International Food Truck Festival on the June Bank Holiday weekend in the People's Park.
As I stood in the park surrounded by an epicurean waft I met a man. We had a chat and in the course of the conversation he revealed that in over 40 years living and working in Limerick he had never taken a stroll in the People's Park.
I would take a guess that he isn't alone.
The history of the People's Park is interesting. Typical of other Georgian parks, the Limerick space was originally designed as a key-holder's park exclusively for use by those living in the grandeur of Pery Square.
Those responsible for developing Pery Square ran out of money and only one side of the square was completed. It was then decided to gift the park to the people of Limerick under a 500-year licence.
Since opening to the public in the 1870s the People's Park has been planted and landscaped beautifully. Limerick now boasts a relatively small urban park but one that meanders, slopes and reveals little secrets to those who grace it with their presence.
The space is the pride of the parks department at Limerick City and County Council. Their work can clearly be seen in the meticulous attention to detail seen particularly during the summer months as blossoming beds sing to the trees.
When in recent years many of the park's old trees were ravaged by storm winds we didn't despair. Instead we invited skilled craftspeople to work their magic. Specialist woodcarvers transformed forlorn stumps into works of art.
Limerick Civic Trust has played its part also, most notably with the stunning refurbishment of the 1895 bandstand as well as the provision of the many benches dotted throughout the space.
On a sunny day a few years ago I texted a friend to ask if they fancied spending an afternoon in the People's Park. It was hard to forget the response I received.
“I'm not going into that Park”, she said. “It's full of scobes”. I let her to her business and took a book to the park.
I have often wondered what it is about certain Limerick people who seem to refuse to find it within themselves to acknowledge the beauty of our city.
Could it be that we still have a hangover from the days when the Ennis Road, the North Circular, the South Circular, the Mill Road and others were home to our elite while the hoi polloi were left to fester in our Georgian slums?
Whatever the case may be, one thing is certain: there is a certain demographic of our urban and suburban population who are missing a trick when it comes to making the most of what our city offers.
The fact the local authority took it upon themselves to invest in a festival that had no track record deserves recognition. The fact the festival showcased one of our most beautiful assets was icing on the cake.
If the reported numbers were correct then over 40,000 people used the People's Park. Most, probably, for the first time. I hope the festival grows legs but most of all I hope that we have now recognised the potential the People's Park has in terms of event and people oriented celebration.
Yeats and Henry exhibition at Hunt Museum
The Hunt Museum has officially opened its summer exhibition.
‘Jack B. Yeats and Paul Henry: Contrasting Visions of Ireland' is a unique event bringing together two of Ireland's most important 20th century artists.
Billed to be a show of both national and international significance, the exhibition features 51 works, many of which are normally unavailable for public viewing.
It brings together works drawn from private and public collections including works from the European Investment Bank Collection in Luxembourg.
For the first time this exhibition allows the visitor to compare the work of these two major artists, their constructions of the New Ireland and their distinctive representations of its terrain and its people.
Speaking at the announcement of the exhibition earlier this year Dom Patrick Hederman of Glenstal Abbey said: “This exhibition is going to be very important, and just while they're developing the Wild Atlantic Way for tourists, they're also trying to develop a cultural way which would take in Sligo, and Lady Gregory's Estate at Coole Park, all that area down to here including the Hunt Museum.
“Here will be the culmination of all their peregrinations when they arrive for this exhibition, so thank you to all who have organised it.”
The exhibition runs until Saturday September 30.
Global healthy eating chain Freshii opens
A big Limerick welcome to Freshii, the leading global healthy eating fast food restaurant chain, which has opened on 12 Thomas Street creating 10 full time and part time jobs.
The Limerick opening is part of Freshii's plans to double its restaurant numbers in Ireland from six to at least twelve in the first six months of 2017.
Since opening its first store in 2005, Freshii has grown to over 300 stores located across 85 cities in 20 countries. Freshii was founded in the US by Matthew Corrin while working in New York City for fashion designer Oscar de la Renta.
Militant Vegan on Las Vegas Massacre: 59 Meat-Eaters Dead, Great News for Animals
Former CBS VP Hayley Geftman-Gold isn't the only moonbat to display a notable lack of sympathy for those killed in Las Vegas. A certain vegan in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania expressed a similar point of view:
The Mother Nature Vegan Cuisine food truck is no more and its owner finds herself in the middle of a firestorm for insensitive comments about the people killed in the Las Vegas massacre. Delinda Jensen, 60, has received death threats after posting this Facebook comment: “Yes I am jaded. Fifty nine meat eaters dead. How many animals will live because of this?”
According to her calculations, each murder should save 155 animal lives per year — and that's not counting any children the victims might have had but now won't. It doesn't occur to vegans that animals like chickens would not exist in the first place if we didn't raise them for food.
She then made a comment under the post that said: “I don't give a (expletive) about carnists anymore.”
“Carnists” are people who do not deserve to live because they consume a normal human diet. She herself became a vegan 2 years ago.
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
Delinda used to be an adjunct history professor at Marywood University. With her food truck in hiding because the predictable backlash from her incendiary remarks has frightened her, now might be a good time to resume her academic career.
Snivels Delinda, who regards herself as a victim because of the reaction she evoked,
“There's just so much visceral hate out there.”
Yes, isn't there.
Delinda with her son/business partner Kyle.
On a tip from J. Cross-posted at Moonbattery.
So much celebration goes on for the 4th of July, of course, because we're celebrating our birth as a nation. But we wanted to go over a few facts and myths that surround this auspicious day.
We'll start with a big one, the 4th of July itself. Congress actually voted for the Declaration of Independence on July 2nd, 1776! The next day, John Adams wrote a letter to his wife saying he believed that July 2nd would "be celebrated, by succeeding generations, as the great anniversary festival..." and he also predicted parades, games, guns, bonfires, and all the pomp and circumstance we give it today!
The document itself, however, wasn't approved until the 4th, which is why we celebrate the 4th of July!
Next up, aside from the hand written draft, the signing of the Declaration of Independence didn't even happen in July! John Hancock was the first to sign the official finalized document, and that didn't happen until August 2nd. Some other members who weren't present that day didn't sign until even later.
How about this one, the famous painting by John Trumbull titles "Declaration of Independence" is often mistaken for the signing of the document. However, it depicts the drafting committee presenting the declaration on June 28th to the Continental Congress, a week before our day of celebration. By the way, that image is also on the back of the two dollar bill.
Now let's talk local. Four men from South Carolina signed the Declaration of Independence. Two of them, Thomas Lynch Jr. and Edward Rutledge, were the youngest to sign. Both men were just 26 years old. The houses of all four South Carolina signee's still stand today, just in case you want to go see them, you can.
Here's a fun one, Francis Marion a.k.a. the Swamp Fox, is not mentioned when it comes to the Declaration of Independence, however he plagued the British troops during the Revolutionary War with his militia style tactics, and was a vital part of gaining our independence. One British officer, British Lt. Colonel Banastre Tarleton was charged to capture the Swamp Fox. After hopelessly pursuing Marion through the swamps of South Carolina he said, "Come on Boys! Let us go back … as for this damned old fox, the Devil himself could not catch him." That's where he got his nickname, "The Swamp Fox." The exploits of Francis Marion were made into a movie called "The Patriot," starring Mel Gibson.
The signing of the Declaration of Independence certainly didn't end the conflict. The Revolutionary War went on for years after. It wasn't until September 3rd, 1783, when the "Treaty of Paris" was signed, which is when the British formally recognized the independence of the "former" 13 American colonies.
One last interesting fact, two of the most well known names on that document are Thomas Jefferson and John Adams. In an odd coincidence, both of those men died on the 4th of July, 1826, within hours of each other. That was also the 50th anniversary of our independence day.
© 2018 WLTX
Image caption A spokesperson for Sinn Féin said Mr Kelly removed the clamp "after an early morning gym session"
Sinn Féin has confirmed that one of their MLA's has removed a clamp from the front wheel of his car, using what appears to be bolt cutters, in Belfast.
In a statement, a spokesperson for the party confirmed that Gerry Kelly removed the clamp at about 07:20 GMT on Friday outside a gym.
A recording of the incident has been posted on social media.
The party spokesperson said that the matter is being dealt with by Mr Kelly's solicitor.
They said: "Gerry Kelly returned to his car​ after an early morning gym session to find that his car had been made immobile by a clamp just after 07:20 GMT.
"He removed the clamp from the front wheel.
"He left the device nearby and drove off to pre-arranged meetings.
"His solicitor is dealing with the matter and he will be making no further comment at this time."
Dan Burn admits Wigan Athletic's players have been counting down the seconds for this weekend's visit of Gillingham – to keep their promotion challengers at bay.
It's been a fortnight since Latics were last in league combat, with completing the scoring in the 3-1 victory at Plymouth.
While Burn and his colleagues were on FA Cup duty last weekend, causing their scheduled league game against Oxford to be postponed, they were also without a game in midweek when the trip to Rochdale was postponed.
That fortnight ‘off' has allowed Shrewsbury and Blackburn to close the gap at the top, and Burn just wants the chance to get back out there and pick up some points.
“It's another big game for us against Gillingham, and it seems a while since we last played in the league,” acknowledged Burn.
“We've got a few games in hand now, but I'd prefer to get out there and play the fixtures, get the points on the board.
“You try not to look at what the teams around you are doing, but it is hard not to pay attention, because it does affect you.
“Blackburn and Shrewsbury are on good runs, they're not going away, so all we can do is make sure we maintain our own form.
“The gaffer is always going on about keeping going, not worrying about anything else, and that's what we're all determined to do.”
In-form Gillingham will travel north in good spirits having risen from relegation possibles to the fringe of the play-off picture.
But if Latics can pick up where they left off against West Ham in the FA Cup last weekend, they will fancy their chances of another three points.
“Obviously West Ham was a great result and a great day for the fans,” enthused Burn.
“From start to finish, we were different class.
“Right from the minute the draw was made, we were all fully confident we could do it.
“We respected West Ham, as a Premier League team, but we're a team full of confidence.
“We can do some real damage when we play well, and I think that's the best performance – certainly in the first half – we've had this year.
“Confidence is so important in this game, and we're all buzzing after beating two Premier League teams in the cup.
“I know some people will think a cup run will act as a distraction to what we're doing in the league, which is obviously the priority.
“But at the same time, winning games is a great habit to be in, and if we can stay fit then it can only help us achieve our objectives.”
The Mesa Verde archaeological region, located in the American Southwest, was the home of a pueblo people who, during the 13th century A.D., constructed entire villages in the sides of cliffs.
Mesa Verde is Spanish for "green table," and the people who lived there are often called the "Anasazi," a Navajo word that has been translated as "the ancient ones" or "enemy ancestors." While they did not develop a writing system, they left behind rich archaeological remains that, along with oral stories passed down through the ages, have allowed researchers to reconstruct their past.
Recently researchers found evidence that the people at Mesa Verde had sophisticated mathematical knowledge, using the golden ratio, a mathematical ratio also used at the Giza Pyramids, to help construct a Sun Temple.
The region the people of Mesa Verde lived in is defined by researchers at the Crow Canyon Archaeological Center. It encompassed almost 10,000 square miles (26,000 square km) of territory going across the states of Utah, Colorado and New Mexico, with part of the region in Colorado forming Mesa Verde National Park.
It was a tough place to make a living. "Cold, snowy winters give way to hot, dry summers, and periods of relatively abundant moisture are punctuated by sporadic — but sometimes prolonged — periods of drought," wrote a team of Crow Canyon researchers in a 2011 online article. "Living off the land has always been, and continues to be, a challenge, but one that people through the ages have met with extraordinary ingenuity and resilience."
The Crow Canyon researchers noted that after A.D. 500, a people whom archaeologists refer to as the "Basketmakers" (named from their finely woven baskets) moved from the peripheries of the Mesa Verde archaeological area into the center. They grew corn, squash and beans, supplementing these crops by hunting game and collecting wild plants.
In the time after they moved into the center of Mesa Verde, they developed pottery and the bow and arrow. The adoption of the bow appears to have increased their hunting proficiency, resulting in some game animals, like deer, eventually becoming overhunted and replaced with domesticated turkey.
They lived in simple pit houses with a hearth, fire hole and room for storage. Entered through the roof by way of a ladder, the house was cool in the summer and warm in the winter because it was partly underground.
These people came together in what we call "great kivas," which were also located partly underground. "These very large (more than 100 square meters, or 1,076 square feet), round structures are thought to have been used for public gatherings during which members of the community socialized, performed ceremonies, or discussed issues important to the group," the Crow Canyon researchers wrote.
Another view of the Cliff Palace at Mesa Verde. Credit: National Park Service
This way of life appears to have been quite successful, at least for a time. A team of researchers reported in a 2007 article in the journal American Antiquity that a portion of the Mesa Verde region, located in Colorado, more than doubled in population between roughly A.D. 700 and 850.
At this time, larger communities began to appear in Mesa Verde. These communities used a new type of above-ground structure known to archaeologists as "room blocks." Built in addition to pit houses, they contained fire hearths and places for storage. Crow Canyon archaeologists noted that these room blocks were made of adobe, stone and plant materials, with stone masonry becoming more important as time went on.
But, just as the population peaked, something happened and the people left in droves. The researchers in the American Antiquity article noted that the area of land they were studying, in Colorado, saw its population rapidly shrink between A.D. 850 and 930 to a level not much above zero. This appears to have happened across the Mesa Verde region, with the population moving south to places like Chaco Canyon in New Mexico.
Recent research suggests that a change in climate played a role in this emigration. In a 2008 article in the journal American Scientist, researchers noted that pollen remains indicate that the weather in at least part of the Mesa Verde region became colder.
"Presumably, the most productive portions of this area became cold enough in the 900s to make maize [farming] risky. Dry winters compounded this problem."
This downturn in the climate did not last and evidence indicates that after A.D. 930 people moved back into the Mesa Verde region.
Their time at sites like Chaco Canyon, to the south, influenced them, and they brought back a type of building that archaeologists call a "great house." These buildings functioned as community centers, of sorts, that stood on high ground and contained multistory rooms.
The Crow Canyon Archaeological Center archaeologists noted that "like great kivas, great houses were public structures, probably used for community-wide ceremonies and meetings," they wrote. "In addition, great houses — with their large storage capacity — may have served as central storage and distribution facilities for both food and trade items."
A sun temple was constructed at Mesa Verde using the golden ratio and its design used a variety geometric shapes that were constructed with great precision. In addition, the people of Mesa Verde also constructed unroofed circular structures for outdoor ceremonies. Recent research reveals that a circular structure sometimes called "Mummy Lake" (which, despite its name, has no mummies) did not actually hold water but was likely used for some form of outdoor ritual.
Mesa Verde also took part in a vast trade network. "The presence of Chaco-style pottery vessels, macaw-feather sashes, and copper bells at some sites indicates that the Pueblo people of the Mesa Verde region were part of a vast trading network that included not only Chaco Canyon but much more distant locations in Mexico as well," write the Crow Canyon archaeologists.
The Square Tower House at Mesa Verde. Credit: National Park Service
During the 12th century there were periods of drought and violence that drove some people to leave Mesa Verde, wrote Donna Glowacki, an anthropology professor at the University of Notre Dame, in her book "Living and Leaving: A Social History of Regional Depopulation in Thirteenth Century Mesa Verde" (University of Arizona Press, 2015). When environmental conditions stabilized in the early 13th century, the population increased in the Mesa Verde region, in some areas quite dramatically, wrote Glowacki.
During this time of population increase, in the early 13th century, people began creating what are called "cliff dwellings," which are houses, and in some cases entire villages, built into cliff edges. The National Park Service estimates that there are about 600 of these preserved at Mesa Verde National Park. Built near springs, the naturally enclosed sites offered protection against both the elements and intruders.
"Many of the cliff dwellings at Mesa Verde are small, only one or two rooms built in alcoves or shallow caves," wrote archaeologist Larry Nordby in a chapter of the book "The Conservation of Decorated Surfaces on Earthen Architecture" (J. Paul Getty Trust, 2006). He noted that one of the largest cliff-dwelling sites is a place we call "Cliff Palace." It contains about 150 rooms and nearly two dozen kivas that were used, presumably, as a gathering place for rituals.
Cliff Palace also had many decorations that are not well preserved. "Fairly typical examples of embellishments are a panel of numerous stamped handprints above doorways and a series of zoomorphic (animal) figures painted onto plasters," Nordby writes.
The cliff settlements were not to last. Another population collapse occurred, this time at the end of the 13th century, leaving sites like Cliff Palace abandoned and falling into ruin. The people appear to have migrated south again to sites in Arizona and New Mexico.
In the American Scientist article, researchers noted that a mix of factors seemed to be involved in this collapse. "A combination of factors — including climate change, population growth, competition for resources and conflict — seem to have sparked the move," they wrote.
At one Mesa Verde site called "Sand Canyon," people late in the 13th century were depending more on wild plants and were eating less domesticated turkey. With the population shrinking, the site fell into ruin and "refuse was being deposited in once-important civic or ceremonial structures, such as the great kiva," the researchers wrote.
There were also signs of a battle. "Excavators found 23 complete or fairly complete human bodies, as well as scattered bones from at least 11 other individuals, indicating that at least 34 people died at or near the end of the village occupation," the researchers wrote, noting that "none of these bodies was formally buried, and at least eight exhibit direct evidence of violent death."
The people who left Sand Canyon, before the final fall, likely joined the other people of the Mesa Verde region in migrating south to new lands.
A recent study reveals that a "megadrought" even worse than the drought that wiped at Mesa Verde, may hit the American Southwest by the end of the 21st century. The effects on the people living in the American Southwest could be severe, leaving future inhabitants to grapple with water shortages amidst a hotter, more arid, environment.
Aside from leaving future inhabitants struggling for water the changing environment also poses threats to the Mesa Verde ruins. In 2014, the Union of Concerned Scientists published a report noting that Mesa Verde National Park has already suffered the loss of much of its forest due to wildfires. These wildfires, as well as flash flooding caused by the loss of vegetation, have already caused damage to the ruins at Mesa Verde and could get worse in the future.
MARTINEZ — An Antioch resident accepted a sentence of four years and $29,050 in restitution for his role in a crime spree that started with a stolen food stamp machine and turned into a headache for a local farmers market.
Matthew Vining, 41, will split the sentence between jail and supervised release, according to prosecutors. He and four others were indicted in February, two years after they allegedly used the machine to collectively steal $58,000 from the Brentwood Farmers Market.
The machine was stolen from a shed operated by the farmers market in 2016. It was handheld, easily transportable, and used to issue electronic refunds to food stamp users. It contained a wireless router and the password was written on a sticky note attached to the machine, everything the thieves needed to drain the market's funds.
“It was basically a direct line to their checking account,” prosecutor Kristina McCosker said.
Police still aren't sure who stole the machine, as security video footage was grainy. At any rate, Vining and another person — who was not indicted after admitting guilt and taking a plea deal — ended up issuing themselves thousands in food stamp refunds, according to prosecutors.
Once the farmers market realized what was happening, they called Brentwood police, who ultimately identified six suspects. Five were indicted on charges that ranged from felony theft to food stamp fraud. One of them, Kimberly Fosselman, remains at large on a $75,000 warrant.
Another defendant, Adrian Caulboy of Oakley, pleaded no contest to one count of food stamp forgery and was sentenced to a year of county jail, three years of probation, and ordered to pay $1,000 in restitution, according to prosecutors.
Two others, accused of knowingly accepting fraudulent food stamps, have been arraigned and are awaiting trial.
The market's $58,000 loss was reimbursed through Bank of America's fraud protection policy, McCosker said.
Getty Images Wal-Mart is trying to broaden its appeal, while sticking with the low-price message that attracts core customers
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is working hard to broaden its appeal to compete with e-commerce juggernaut Amazon.com Inc., but that doesn't mean it's leaving behind the lower-income consumers the retailer has served.
Wal-Mart WMT, +0.39% is, however, facing a competitive threat from dollar-store retailers like Dollar General Corp. DG, -0.03% that are beefing up their value proposition to drive sales with these customers.
Much has been made about Wal-Mart's omnichannel efforts, with e-commerce getting a boost in the months since the Jet.com acquisition, and efforts like online grocery resonating with shoppers.
Most recently, the retailer said it's taking the “Stores” out of its name starting in February to reflect the customer's ability to shop with them in whatever way they choose.
See also: 7 reasons investors should believe Wal-Mart's comeback is for real
Referring to the partnership between Wal-Mart and Hudson's Bay Co. HBC, +0.90% retailer Lord & Taylor announced last month, Susquehanna Financial Group analysts say Wal-Mart has taken steps to “further widen the appeal and broaden the base.”
“Lord & Taylor is part of Walmart's strategy to move Walmart.com up, featuring higher-end brands, and to also have a more diversified offering, more like an online shopping mall,” wrote analysts led by Bill Dreher in a note published last week.
Experts have also made the case for Wal-Mart's efforts at broader appeal through its partnership with Google Home GOOG, +0.39% GOOGL, +0.25% , a push into voice commerce.
But its efforts to capture the higher-end shopper associated with Amazon AMZN, +0.60% doesn't mean Wal-Mart is abandoning lower-income customers that might place affordability above all else in its value equation.
Read: Amazon's apparel business could grow to as much as $85 billion in sales by 2020
“Wal-Mart is looking for other ways to tell the lower income shopper it can serve it,” said Laura Kennedy, director, retail insights at Kantar Retail.
A retailer's value proposition isn't only about low price, but can also include factors like convenience and assortment.
But even as Wal-Mart moves to offer more features and benefits, it hasn't lost sight of the importance of being affordable.
“Wal-Mart will always come back to being the price leader and EDLP [every day low price] provider,” Kennedy said. “They're trying to do more for the higher-income consumers who already shop there.”
Other retail experts say there could be some risk to Wal-Mart's efforts.
“Back during the recession, Wal-Mart shifted some of its focus to a new group of shoppers who had not previously shopped Wal-Mart but had started to out of need or perception,” said Jared Wiesel, partner at consulting firm Revenue Analytics. “Wal-Mart's continued efforts to lure those customers definitely came at a cost as it took their attention away from their core customer.”
Don't miss: 6 online shopping hacks that put money back in your pocket
Also: Retailers are using your mobile phone to entice you to shop this holiday season
However, Wiesel says that Wal-Mart is taking steps to protect market share.
“[I]t continues to heavily invest in price decreases on staple items to protect its core customer base from Amazon and dollar store competition,” he said. “Simultaneously, it's also expanding its e-commerce offering through acquisitions in an attempt to extend its reach into a customer base currently dominated by Amazon.”
Dollar General, which announced its quarterly earnings last Thursday, said that it plans to open 900 stores next year and has hired its first chief digital and customer engagement officer.
“With our strong store growth, we anticipate that 75% of the U.S. population will be within 5 miles of a Dollar General by the end of fiscal 2017,” said Chief Executive Todd Vasos said on the earnings call, according to a FactSet transcript.
Wal-Mart says that about 90% of the U.S. population is within 10 miles of its stores.
Dollar General has more than 10 million subscribers to its digital coupon program, according to Vasos.
See: Lululemon keeps Amazon at bay and reaps the financial rewards
“The fundamentals for the value retail sector are arguably the strongest in all retail – with the possible exception of the automotive aftermarket retailers,” wrote Raymond James analysts in a Thursday note. “The key bullish themes for Dollar General include industry-leading square footage and revenue growth, accompanied by growing cash dividend and share buybacks.”
Raymond James rates Dollar General shares strong buy with a $107 target price.
Dollar General has expanded its perishable foods merchandise with more coolers, with an average of 18 “cooler doors” across the store base by the end of 2017, up from an average of 10 in 2012.
“We believe that the company has broadened its customer base through a combination of low prices and conveniently located stores, helped by economic necessity on the part of U.S. consumers and a reduction in the prerecession social stigma that surrounded shopping at dollar stores,” wrote RBC Capital Markets analysts in a note published last week.
RBC rates Dollar General shares outperform with a $103 price target.
Wal-Mart shares are up 40.2% for 2017 so far and Dollar General's stock is up 26% for the period. Both have outpaced the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.32% , which is up 18.8% for the year to date.
Peter Fonda on thriving in the 'circus' of Hollywood “We're getting smoked out!” Coming from Peter Fonda, Mr. “Easy Rider” himself, you might suspect he's talking about the pot he once admitted puffing on the set of that 1969...
Bill Pullman cast to play Nelson Rockefeller Bill Pullman will play Rockefeller in Adam McKay's film about Dick Cheney.
Bill Pullman's racy new role made his wife ask: ‘Is your head on straight?' Like Chuck Rhoades, the dogged district attorney on Showtime's “Billions,” Det. Harry Ambrose (Bill Pullman) on USA's “The Sinner” is a man with a secret fetish: he keeps a dominatrix....
It can start out with a simple snap, said a victim threatened with revenge porn.
"He was like, 'I have a lot of you from these years that you wouldn't want to get out, would you?' And I remember just being so shocked," said a 23-year-old we'll call Jane.
"We had some anger issues, so anything I could do to avoid an argument, I was like 'OK' I'll make it work," Jane said.
After dating her boyfriend for about 2½ years, he turned their intimate moments into manipulation.
"It's scary. You don't know what's out there, how people can get to it. Oh god, I remember being so terrified my mom would find out," Jane said.
More people than ever are feeling that pain. The Center for Innovative Public Health Research says 10 percent of women under the age of 30 say they've been threatened with revenge porn and 6 percent have had it posted.
Four percent of men have had a sexual image of themselves shared online, with 3 percent being threatened.
"Power and control is always the name of the game. Whether it's sexual assault, domestic violence, child sexual abuse, that's always the key ingredient always going on in these situations," said Chris Johnson, director of the Rape and Abuse Crisis Center in Fargo.
Johnson said of the thousands of people his staff sees, those affected by revenge porn is a growing number.
"It's a very broad issue in society, but it falls into classic characteristics of sexual abuse," Johnson said.
For example, victim blaming is common and often cases go unreported, he said.
"Why did you need to send these pictures? You wouldn't be in this situation if you never sent them. But we don't bring up, well, there's the jerk that decided to expose them to somebody," Jane said.
With 3,000 websites having a revenge porn section, for the victim, it's a life of wondering.
"I know he didn't delete any of them. So, he could still have them 2½ years later," Jane said.
Revenge porn can be punished by law.
In North Dakota, you can face a year in jail and a $2,000 dollar fine. In Minnesota, it's up to a 3-year sentence and a $5,000 fine.
By Abby Hassler
Wiz Khalifa dropped the music video for his latest track “Something New” today (August 14). The track features Ty Dolla $ign, but the video features a few more friends.
Related: Wiz Khalifa's ‘See You Again' Royalties Up for Auction
The star-studded music video features cameos from Demi Lovato, Jamie Foxx, Jason Derulo, O.T. Genasis, Juicy J, Lil Dicky, G-Eazy, Chuck Liddell and Todd Gurley.
This track is the first single from Khalifa's upcoming studio album, which is due out sometime this fall.
Watch the explicit clip now on Radio.com.
Rob Hennigan: Aaron Gordon will see more time at power forward
The Orlando Magic may not have gotten the best return package for Serge Ibaka, but the good news is that the trade will allow one of their best young players to shift back to his more natural position.
Speaking with reporters on Tuesday, Magic general manager Rob Hennigan said that Aaron Gordon will “definitely” see more time at the power forward position and added that it will ultimately be head coach Frank Vogel's decision, per Keith Smith of RealGM.
Rob Hennigan says that Aaron Gordon will definitely play the 4 more and it is ultimately Frank Vogel's decision. — Keith Smith (@KeithSmithNBA) February 14, 2017
Orlando has been unorthodox in the way they've utilized the 21-year-old Gordon this season, mostly due to the sheer number of bodies in their frontcourt. Gordon has responded with modest averages of 11.2 points, 4.6 rebounds, and 1.9 assists per game. But with Ibaka now in Toronto and the playoffs far out of reach for the 21-36 Magic, they can now focus the rest of the year on player development, and that's great news for the high-flying Gordon.
The night Donald Trump was elected president, Dow futures plummeted as much as 900 points as Wall Street, which overwhelmingly backed the “safe” candidate, Hillary Clinton, worried the unpredictable Trump would break all the dishes in the china shop.
Instead, stocks rallied and never looked back. From just before Election Day until the market peaks of Jan. 26, 2018, the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -1.35% soared 47% and the S&P 500 SPX, -1.42% gained 38% as the new president delivered on his promises to cut regulations and pass a huge corporate tax cut.
Of course, the stock market's fundamentals were strong — and getting stronger — but Trump's policies clearly helped boost business and investor confidence.
But the recent correction showed the potential downside of the Trump presidency — the reemergence of the “bad” Trump.
Though prompted by (unwarranted) fears of higher interest rates, the selloff gathered steam when the president announced 25% tariffs on imported steel and 10% tariffs on aluminum imports. As he often does, Trump backtracked and excluded Mexico and Canada (the biggest exporter to the U.S.), but much-dreaded protectionism was back on the table.
And now we may be entering a very dangerous period. As the Mueller investigation moves closer to the Trump Organization and the president himself and the midterm elections look more and more like a Democratic tsunami, a beleaguered president, surrounded by yes-men, will be tempted to lash out at overseas adversaries. His recent personnel shake-up — and there's more to come — makes both a trade war with China and a real war more likely.
This week, President Trump fired Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and named CIA Director Mike Pompeo in his place. (Pompeo may face a rocky confirmation battle in the U.S. Senate.) He also replaced Gary Cohn, who practically resigned in protest at the tariffs, as director of the National Economic Council with Larry Kudlow, a genial TV talking head and longtime supply-side shill.
In principle Kudlow is a free trader, but he's already made his peace with Trump, saying tariffs on China would be OK with him. With Cohn gone and Kudlow neutered before he even starts, protectionists Peter Navarro and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross will have free rein in the West Wing. As Trump demands China reduce its trade surplus with the U.S. by $100 billion a year — probably an impossible task — this is a recipe for more tension and instability, maybe a full-fledged trade war, between the world's two biggest economies.
North Korea and Iran
What's happening in foreign policy is even more troubling. Tillerson was a horrible secretary of state (and Establishment stalwarts Condoleezza Rice and Bob Gates, who recommended him, should hang their heads in shame). But in this administration he was a voice of reason who urged caution on North Korea and not ripping up the Iran nuclear deal entirely.
Perhaps the president's “fire and fury” bluster and dumb “Little Rocket Man” taunts unnerved North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and got him to the bargaining table (along with tough sanctions). But I don't believe that, rhetoric aside, Kim will surrender his nuclear weapons, his only real guarantee against sharing the fates of Muammar el-Qaddafi and Saddam Hussein.
This summit is incredibly risky. Remember, it took two years for Henry Kissinger and the Chinese to set up Richard Nixon's historic visit and months hammering out the eventual communiqué. Without a secretary of state and maybe a national security adviser, this president may just wing it.
What will happen if after a face-to-face meeting, North Korea makes promises it has no intention of keeping, as it has done twice before, or Trump gets only a face-saving agreement, with no teeth? And what if Kim gets what he wants and then starts cheating anyway? What would Trump do then?
And for all the faults of the Iran nuclear deal, it has kept Iran, for now, from becoming another North Korea. If we break it, won't that enable the Islamic Republic to quickly develop its own nukes, free from any international inspection? How will that play with Saudi Arabia, the U.S.'s close Sunni ally and blood enemy of Shia Iran, or with Israel, which faces 150,000 missiles controlled by Hezbollah, another ally of Iran, just across its northern border with Lebanon?
The point is tension is rising rapidly in key parts of the world and both nuclear-armed Russia under despot Vladimir Putin (who dispatches his enemies with more panache than even Joseph Stalin) and China under President-for-life Xi Jinping are flexing their muscles, no longer cowed by American might. That's a recipe for an international crisis.
If Pompeo is confirmed, he'd be yet another adviser who will tell the president what he wants to hear. The president also reportedly plans to fire General H.R. McMaster as national security adviser, and one of the candidates to replace him is John Bolton, an unreconstructed hawk who has advocated war against Iran and North Korea. With Bolton as NSA, who needs Dr. Strangelove? And his appointment wouldn't need Senate confirmation.
From the very beginning I've worried that this bullying, bellicose president might push us into a war. If Bolton is appointed, I'd say the probability of that would be even higher. I'd sell a lot more stock than I already have, but that would be the least of our problems.
Howard R. Gold is a MarketWatch columnist and founder and editor of GoldenEgg Investing, which offers exclusive market commentary and simple, low-cost, low-risk retirement investing plans. Follow him on Twitter @howardrgold.
These mechanical 'cockroaches' could be the future of robotics A cockroach might be the key to a scientific breakthrough in robot technology. Researchers at UC Berkeley developed a small-sized robot based on the unique movements and capabilities of the...
Multiple arrested after fight inside Berkeley's 'empathy tent' So much for empathy. Members of opposing political groups clashed Tuesday inside a so-called “empathy tent” on the campus of the University of California, Berkeley. At least four people were...
Free speech is losing big-time at Berkeley Everyone looks bad in the wake of the collapse of the four-day “Free Speech Week” at UC-Berkeley. The Berkeley Patriot, the tiny student outfit behind it, pulled the plug over...
Berkeley allows free speech — by going on lockdown Mild-mannered conservative commentator Ben Shapiro spoke at UC-Berkeley Thursday night, and the world didn't come to an end. But the campus was on near-lockdown in what officials called “unprecedented” security,...
Berkeley wimps out on free speech It took just weeks for UC Berkeley to wimp out on its renewed commitment to free speech. The school's chancellor last month proclaimed a Free Speech Week that would protect...
Berkeley mayor's answer to antifa: I surrender Berkeley, Calif., Mayor Jesse Arreguin has a special request for UC Berkeley: Cancel campus conservatives' Free Speech Week next month because . . . antifa. Don't “provoke” the hundreds of goons with...
Antifa reveals its true self: thuggish and totalitarian One of the least safe places to be in Berkeley, Calif., is in the vicinity of someone holding a “No Hate” sign. So-called anti-fascist, or antifa, activists bearing shields emblazoned...
Cops must never stand down against 'antifa' thugs Many on the left are starting to see the goons of Antifa as the menace they are. Too bad the Berkeley, Calif., Police Department remains clueless. The college town saw...
Several arrested as clashes break out during Berkeley protests An “Antifa” protest erupted into violent chaos in Berkeley, California, on Sunday — forcing police to unleash a smoke grenade and arrest at least 10 people, according to reports. More...
The Acting PM Winston Peters was served a serious sea mining message on a plate from Patea Area School. Students found a novel way to be heard bringing the best of their seafood cupboard to the top man at the beehive.
From the Patea sea to the Acting PM's table, a special delivery for Winston Peters.
A feast of paua, crayfish, watercress, smoked fish and many more seafood delicacies.
Student Maruata Ngarewa-Cribb says "[it's] to show a piece of Taranaki and what out sea can provide for us and if the seabed mining goes ahead our food will be taken away from us."
Peters cheekily asked “who put you up to this” before seriously addressing students' concerns.
"Well, we're going to make sure that our forward development ensures that things will be sustainable on the land and at sea. That's what we're working on at the moment," says Peters.
"By sustainable, I mean things should improve and not get worse. Got that? Now go home and spread the word would you?"
Quick off the mark, Ngarewa-Cribb's response was she “sure will”.
NZ First MP Jenny Marcroft asked Patea School students to prepare their food and message for the Māori Affairs Select Committee.
Student Charlotte Stark says “this is where it's [from] our ocean and it shouldn't be destroyed, we have a love for that moana too so it would be heart-breaking if [it was gone].”
Ngarewa-Cribb says if mining continues the surrounding sea-life and environment would die.
"It's our right. We have a right to [gather seafood] and if it's not there then it's like part of our identity is gone.”
While students came with a serious message, there's also a bit of competition. A morning tea mana grab amongst Māori Affairs Select Committee MPs.
Marcroft says “it's not a competition as such but as always mana is on the line when it comes to kai time.
“I'm really showing off what can be found in Patea where my whanau live. It's been an opportunity for the kids to come down and engage with parliament but at the same time help me win the morning tea stakes."
Committee Chairman Rino Tirikatene says “it'll be hard to top this one. We have a kai every week so this certainly beats the scones and sausage rolls."
While the government ruled out new oil and gas exploration permits, Peters assures these young leaders things won't get worse.
Jim Carrey slammed for 'disgraceful' Sarah Sanders portrait “This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous!” Carrey captioned the portrait.
Art crowd brings a dolphin to dinner The A-list art crowd including Jeane Greenberg Rohatyn entered the Lobster Club just before closing time with an inflatable dolphin in tow.
Banksy is back in New York City Banksy's back in the Big Apple. The famed British graffiti artist added a new work to New York's streets this week — a stencil of a rat on a clock...
2017 was a good year for art sales Investors the world over fell in love again with art last year. The amount of money spent on fine art rose 12 percent last year — its first gain after...
Stars descend upon hot design fair Frank Ocean, Chloë Sevigny and Julianne Moore were among stars perusing the opening of Collective Design.
Statue honoring trio of rare rhinos coming to NYC Get on the horn and tell your friends: Three of the world's rarest rhinos are coming to the East Village this week. Astor Place will become home to “The Last...
Celebs trek through nor'easter for Armory Show Highlights of the show this year includes painter Kehinde Wiley's first work since unveiling Barack Obama's presidential portrait.
Sam Hunt was the headlining act during the fifth annual Firestone Legends Day concert prior to the Indianapolis 500. It was the country singer's first time at the race which took place at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway May 26.
Not only did Hunt perform his new single, "Downtown's Dead," for the first time live, he also introduced a new track, "Nothing Lasts Forever." The 33-year-old revealed to the crowd that the new song would be released in the next couple of weeks.
“The race is the draw, but when you have people together in a good mood for a common cause and you can come in and provide entertainment during the downtime, it's like you're already ahead when you start playing,” says Sam.
"Downtown's Dead" and "Nothing Lasts Forever" will both be featured on Hunt's forthcoming album. It follows the release of his record-breaking 2017 track, "Body Like A Back Road."
Sam Hunt is currently out on the road as a supporting on Luke Bryan's What Makes You Country XL Tour.
Anti-Trump protests were in full-swing across New York City on Monday evening — with thousands of people joining forces outside Trump Tower and elsewhere ahead of the president's arrival.
Demonstrators were gathering in various public spaces around Manhattan, chanting and holding up signs to express their anger and outrage over his response to the deadly rallies in Charlottesville, Va.
Most were stationed along Fifth Avenue outside Trump Tower, where the president plans to stay until Wednesday. But many were also congregating in Bryant Park, Columbus Circle and in Washington Heights.
Trump was later spotted arriving in New York by helicopter at around 8:45 p.m., according to reports.
Protesters waiting to greet him at Trump Tower held balloons — which said “F U Trump” — and chanted “small hands forever” and “New York hates you!” as his NYPD motorcade pulled up to the building and dropped him off at around 9:05 p.m.
The crowd then booed the cops that were protecting the president, shouting: “Shame, shame, shame!”
Overall, police said there had been several arrests throughout the evening for disorderly conduct.
“Love, not hate…Will make America great!” demonstrators chanted at Trump Tower.
“The Trump/Pence regime must go,” read one of the countless signs that people were holding.
Other signs featured crossed-out swastikas and the words “Black Lives Matter” and “United We Stand.”
Those gathering at Bryant Park sang songs and chanted, “No war, no hate” and “Rise and resist.”
Black-clad protesters at Columbus Circle held a mock “funeral procession” — saying the president was killing them.
“We Mourn Black Lives,” their signs read.
Things started getting hectic outside Trump Tower at around 6:30 p.m. — when demonstrators were clogging streets and turning traffic to a standstill.
“No KKK, No Fascist USA!” the protesters shouted, along with the occasional “F–k Trump!”
By 7 p.m., police cleared out people located directly in front of the high-rise, forcing demonstrators behind barricades.
A giant inflatable rat — made to look like Trump — was set up two blocks away just before the protests started. The blow-up featured a Confederate flag and Russian flag pin on one of its sleeves.
“#charlottesvillevirginia Our hearts are with you,” artist and creator John Post Lee wrote on Instagram. “As you can see Trump wears his on his sleeve.”
Three different rallies were scheduled to take place at the 68-story building Monday night, with some planning a two-night stay outside.
Trump's visit will mark the first time that he's returned home to the city since his inauguration. He was supposed to arrive in the city Sunday but had to postpone the trip due to the situation in Charlottesville.
People have been blasting the president over his response to the deadly “Unite the Right” demonstrations, with some saying he's been too soft on the white nationalists who organized the events.
Standing near the corner of 57th Street and Fifth Avenue, Ilze Thielmann hoisted a sign taking aim at what she called the “tiki-torch terrorists” behind the Charlottesville terror attack.
“I'm absolutely disgusted by what's been going on in this country since Donald Trump took office,” fumed Thielmann, a 51-year-old Manhattan lawyer.
“Now it's time for him to call out the KKK for who they are and what they've done,” she said.
Actor Michael Kostroff — who played corrupt defense attorney Maurice “Maury” Levy on “The Wire” and was also in attendance — said the events over the past few days made him feel like he was “watching the death of our American system.”
“White supremacists have felt empowered,” Kostroff told The Post.
“Violence has been provoked by our president,” he said, adding that protesters were the “patriots” of today.
“This is what patriotism looks like now…These are the people who are standing up for American values and ideas.”
Renee Flemings, 50, was spotted outside Trump Tower waving a sign that read “Nazis + The Klan = Terrorism.”
“A woman was killed on American soil by a Nazi!” she shouted. “You can't be silent about that. You just can't.”
Heather Heyer, 32, was killed Saturday when a white nationalist allegedly rammed his Dodge Challenger into her and several other anti-racism protesters in Charlottesville.
Countless people could be heard chanting “Justice for Heather” on Monday night outside Trump Tower as they waited for the president to arrive.
“New York hates you!” yelled protesters. “Shame!”
In Washington Heights, state Attorney General Eric Schneiderman gathered with about 100 people — and blasted POTUS on his refusal to call out the white nationalists who organized the rallies in Virginia.
“To have to watch Nazis marching in the streets of Charlottesville, doing the Nazi salute — yelling ‘Heil Trump!' — is something we'll never tolerate,” Schneiderman seethed. “At the end of the day, this is a political struggle, this is a struggle for the heart and soul of America…Are you with America, are you with our tradition, or are you gonna stand with these Nazis?”
This report originally appeared on NYPost.com.
More from MarketWatch More Coverage Mel Gibson Selling Slice of Costa Rican Jungle for $29.75 million
Dear Visitor,
Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on.
We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge.
Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site.
So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker's "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
The Border States Electric building at First Avenue North and 25th Street will eventually house the entire department, which now operates out of two buildings, Deputy Chief Joe Anderson said Tuesday, Feb. 14.
Anderson said the Border States building has the advantage of being near the city's central garage and public works facilities. "As far as fueling squad cars and having squad cars getting fixed, we couldn't ask for a more optimal location," he said.
Anderson said the Border States building also sits near major thoroughfares, 25th Street and Main Avenue, that should allow for faster response times than the department's current downtown headquarters at 222 4th St. N.
"Trying to get out of the downtown area when it's rush hour in the morning or in late afternoon can be a little bit tricky," he said.
For years, police officials have said they were outgrowing their downtown headquarters and running short on workstations, storage and parking. "We ran out of locker room space about five years ago," Anderson said.
In April, the department will begin renting a 57,000-square-foot warehouse in the Border States building, where police vehicles can be parked indoors. About 7,000 square feet of the warehouse will be built up to include locker rooms, workstations and meeting space.
The renovation will cost the city an estimated $500,000, and the rent from April 1 through the end of 2017 will cost a total of $389,000, City Administrator Bruce Grubb said. The department's patrol division plans to start occupying the warehouse space this summer, Anderson said.
In 2019, Border States is expected to vacate the building's 48,000 square feet of office space, which the Police Department's administrative and investigative divisions would then move into, Anderson said.
Right now, the investigative division is housed in a former public health building across the street from the downtown headquarters. This has helped to ease the space crunch but is not ideal, Anderson said. "When you have an agency that's in two different buildings, communication suffers," he said.
The force has grown significantly since police moved into their current headquarters in the early 1990s. The department had 108 officers in 2000 and now has about 165.
Knowing the construction of a new City Hall was the priority of city officials, Anderson said, police figured the best chance to meet their space demands was to find an existing structure rather than building a new headquarters. He said the Border States building should meet the department's needs for the next 30 years.
Image copyright Getty Images
The woman behind Grey's Anatomy and Scandal is leaving the world of terrestrial TV to join Netflix.
Veteran producer Shonda Rhimes had been at ABC Studios for the last 15 years.
Her company Shondaland will now begin producing new shows for Netflix but Rhimes will stay involved in her current broadcast series with ABC.
"Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television," Netflix's Ted Sarandos said in a statement.
"Her work is gripping, inventive, pulse-pounding, heart-stopping, taboo-breaking television at its best. I've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she's a true Netflixer at heart."
Analysis by Amol Rajan, BBC media editor
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Rhimes's TV credits include How To Get Away With Murder, starring Viola Davis
Now you know exactly what television executives mean when they refer to a brutal "war for talent".
Shonda Rhimes has a reasonable claim to be one of the most prolific and successful producer-screenwriters in modern history. Her creations are a catalogue of million-dollar hits, making her a key force in both the shaping of modern culture and the rapid renaissance of television.
Her poaching by Netflix is a massive punch in the guts for Disney and ABC, and the timing is remarkable. Clearly Miss Rhimes will have been in discussions with Netflix for weeks if not longer, and long before Disney's announcement last week that it was moving into streaming services. That announcement sent Netflix's share price stumbling.
So it will have been hugely satisfying for Reed Hastings, Netflix CEO, and Ted Sarandos, chief content officer, that within barely a week they've poached one of the biggest names in television: someone whose characters have captivated a generation.
The future of television belongs to those who can marry the best stories and ideas - that is, content - with the most direct route to customers.
In hiring Miss Rhimes, Netflix is showing the importance it attaches to the first half, the content, because it is paying big bucks for one of the great storytellers of our age. The war for talent is really a civil war, within the media industry, and it is producing a clear winner: the audience.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Warren Buffett's company has eliminated its stake in General Electric and boosted its investment in the Bank of New York Mellon Corp.
Berkshire Hathaway revealed those moves and several other changes to its U.S. stock portfolio in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday.
Berkshire didn't list any GE shares in its holdings at the end of June. Previously, it owned 10.6 million shares.
Buffett's Omaha, Nebraska-based company increased its stake in BNY Mellon to 50.2 million shares from 33 million in March.
Besides those big changes, Berkshire adjusted its airline investments by trimming its stakes in American Airlines, Delta and United Continental. Berkshire didn't change its investment in Southwest Airlines.
Many investors follow what Berkshire buys and sells because of Buffett's remarkably successful record over more than five decades. Berkshire officials don't generally comment on the quarterly filings or the reasons for their portfolio moves.
And these quarterly filings don't make clear who made all the investments. Buffett handles the biggest investments in Berkshire's portfolio, such as Coca-Cola, Wells Fargo and IBM. He has said that investments of less than $1 billion are likely to be the work of Berkshire's two other investment managers.
Berkshire also increased its Apple investment to 130.2 million shares, up slightly from 129 million shares in March.
Berkshire also continued reducing its stake in IBM to 54 million shares from 64.6 million in March. Previously, Berkshire held more than 80 million IBM shares, but Buffett said the company hadn't performed as he expected.
Besides investments, Berkshire owns more than 90 companies, including insurance, retail, manufacturing, railroad and candy companies.
SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador — Police in El Salvador have arrested the domestic partner of a journalist killed over the weekend.
National Police director Howard Cotto said Tuesday that Mario Huezo Portillo has been arrested for killing journalist Karla Lisseth Turcios.
Prosecutor Max Munoz says cameras traced Huezo Portillo when he went to dump the woman's body.
Turcios worked for El Economista, part of La Prensa Grafica media group in the gang-plagued Central American nation.
Huezo Portillo initially told police that he and their son left her resting at home around 12:30 p.m. Saturday. He said when they returned, Turcios had disappeared and did not answer her cellphone or respond to messages.
The 33-year-old journalist's body was found hours later on a highway northeast of the Salvadoran capital, San Salvador.
Police said was strangled.
Sega can't resist Sonic the Hedgehog-themed racing games, but this time it's adding a twist that might have a meaningful impact on gameplay. It's offering a sneak peek at Team Sonic Racing, which introduces (surprise!) a team dynamic to the familiar karting formula. Your three-person group can pull off moves that either assist each other or take out road rivals. You'll also see car customization and pick-ups based on Sonic Colors' Wisps.
By T.J. Buffenbarger
It didn't snow…
The weather was largely cooperative other than in some of Texas and Oklahoma Saturday and Haubstadt on Sunday. After a spring that was so brutal I actually wondered if I should put my snow blower towards the back of the garage on April 22nd. It was nice to have a full weekend of racing to discuss rather than a non-stop string of weather postponements and cancellations.
Brooms galore!
Sweeps were the theme of the weekend when it came to feature races. From the highest level of sprint car racing with Daryn Pittman scoring two consecutive wins with the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series to Jessica Bean winning both USAC Speed2 Eastern midget features were just two of the drivers picking up multiple feature wins this weekend.
Bud Kaeding's sweep of two features in a single night at Tulare Thunderbowl with the King of the West Sprint Car Series and Civil War Series was done in spectacular style. Tucker Klaasmeyer's pair of POWRi wins were impressive with a stacked field of midgets both nights at Jacksonville Speedway and Federated Auto Parts Raceway at I-55.
All Stars Provide Great Racing All Weekend
The Arctic Cat All Star Circuit of Champions presented by Mobil1 provided Ohio fans awesome racing all weekend. Friday night's race for the lead between Jac Haudenschild and Carson Macedo was one of the best I've seen all season. At one point it appeared a five car race for the lead could be in play until a caution gave the leaders open track. Macedo suffered heartbreak again, losing an engine one year ago while leading, this time suffering a flat right rear while up front.
Saturday at Wayne County Speedway Tim Shaffer came from deep in the field to win the main event. With a strong cast of characters signed up for the entire tour this year the Star Series is one of our top storylines to follow in 2018.
Glad to have Gas City open again
Gas City I-69 Speedway having a full menu of racing for 2018 is some of the best news going into the season. The 2018 opening event went off smoothly and offered a hammer down racing surface that Shane Cottle took full advantage of on his way to victory. We're glad things went well on opening night for Gas City promoter Jerry Gappens and his crew. Look for a feature on Gappen's and Gas City's revitalization later in the week.
Hafertepe Breaks Tim Allison's 360 Track Record in Route to Eldora Sweep
Sam Hafertepe's sweep of the K&L Ready Mix National Racing Alliance program Saturday afternoon at Eldora Speedway was far from a surprise. The one aspect of Hafertepe's victory that was a surprise was demolishing the 360 track record at Eldora set by Tim Allison set on April 13, 2002 by over half a second.
Granted the racing line has changed a bit, progressing lower on the track earlier in the evening than it was in 2002. The night Allison set the record was the same night Craig Dollansky's blistering lap of 12.707 seconds was set. Hafertepe's 360 qualifying lap has me wondering if a new winged 410 sprint car track record is possible at Eldora this year.
Jason Barney Pads his Victory Total with Empire Super Sprints
After a rough off season that included a snowmobile accident that broke his collar bone Jason Barney bounced back to win the season opening feature for the Empire Super Sprints on Saturday. Our friends at DirtTrackDigest have a great story about Barney's recovery this winter along with the unique tools that assisted him to that win.
Lawson's Upset Victory at Hickory
Occasionally sprint car racing on pavement offers up a surprise winner that makes for a nice story. Being lucky enough to cover a few of this Bronzie Lawson IV's win Saturday at Hickory Motor Speedway falls under this classification. Lawson took advantage of the 10 car inversion and held off some stout competition in a field that included Jimmy McCune and Aaron Pierce for the victory. Hopefully Lawson's win is a sign of more great stories to come from the pavement side of the sport.
You probably don't immediately associate the words “McDonald's” and “Vegan”, but that may change. McDonald's Finland is currently testing the “McVegan” for a limited time.
The trial will run from October 4th until November 21st at the McDonald's in Tampere, Finland. The McVegan is single soy patty with the usual toppings of lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, ketchup, and mustard (no cheese). No word on if we can expect a Big Mac-Vegan in the future.
The Samsung Galaxy S8 might be Samsung's flagship device for 2017 and might even have opened to good response, but after the Note 7 explosions last year, Samsung users may be a little wary about the new Galaxy S8 devices.
Read: Samsung Galaxy Note 8: 10 Expected Features
While Samsung has made no announcement about the battery technology it used in the Galaxy S8, some rumors have previously indicated that the company could have used LG's battery design, which has thermal pipe with a gaseous liquid inside the battery to avoid it from exploding.
YouTubers “What's Inside” and “JerryRigEverything” tested out how the device worked in a video they posted last Tuesday.
While cutting through the smartphone with an electric saw, they actually nicked the battery. Generally, when someone tries slice through lithium-ion batteries, they tend to explode or at least give out sparks. In this case, the battery did not do that, but instead swelled up. The battery just started leaking some transparent liquid, when it was stabbed with a cutting knife. Once again, general lithium-ion batteries aren't so durable and explode when put through such treatment.
What happened in this case, illustrates that Samsung has actually learnt its lessons from the Note 7 explosions. Defective batteries were the main reason behind the device explosions, according to the company's own investigations. The Note 7 crisis brought out the fact that smartphones could easily become volatile and potentially explosive materials, if the batteries are not properly taken care of.
Read: Samsung Galaxy Note 8 vs. Note 7
The fact that the company could improve its battery in such a short period after the Note 7 crisis shows that the company probably already had better battery technology under its aegis, when the Note 7 crisis happened. The fact that S8's battery doesn't explode easily might help Samsung reinstate consumers' trust in the Note series, especially with its upcoming device, the Samsung Galaxy Note 8, which is expected to release in September.
Related Articles
Forty Pre Level One Coaches complete successful Brian Ramphal/BCB Coaching Programme
The Ancient County of Berbice would now benefit from the services of Pre Level One Coaches, who on Saturday last successfully completed the Berbice Cricket Board organised Brian Ramphal Coaching Programme. The Coaches who are now in a better position to assist their fellow club members, are better equipped to write the West Indies Cricket Board Level I Coaching Certificate Programme if they so desire. The Brian Ramphal Coaching Programme started last with 45 potential coaches and ended with 40 of them receiving their Berbice Cricket Board Certificate of Participation. The highly successful two days programme was supervised by Level III Cricket Coach Winston Smith and fellow coaches Andre Percival, Tremayne Smartt and Balram Samaroo.
President of the Berbice Cricket Board Hilbert Foster at the Closing Ceremony congratulated the forty Pre Level One Coaches for successfully completing the programme and expressed confidence that the county would benefit greatly from the investment made by the Berbice Cricket Board and Brian Ramphal. The Berbice Cricket Board, Foster stated would be investing heavily into training of new coaches, youth cricketers and also
unearth new cricketing talents. He pleaded with the coaches to put into practise what they have learnt and to continue seeking new information about cricket. He expressed confidence that the standard of Berbice Cricket would rise as the new coaches would be able to work along with their colleagues at the different levels. The Berbice Cricket Board President expressed disappointment that many players were playing with numerous technical problems and is a sad reflection of the past coaching system in the county.
He committed the Berbice Cricket Board to leading Berbice into a modern phase where adequate coaches would be available for training and stated that it is his objective to have a qualified coach in every first division club is the first phrase and later on in every club in Berbice. All Captains, Vice Captains and Managers would also have to attend these clinics as it is very important for them to be fully informed about the game. The progressive Berbice Cricket Board President expressed his delight at the passion, interest and discipline that the participants displayed during the two day seminars and noted that the Berbice Cricket Board's investment was worth every dollar used. Special thanks were extended to overseas based Guyanese Brian Ramphal who sponsored the historic Coaching Programme. Ramphal in April 2018, donated $1M to the Berbice Cricket Board Cricket Developmental Programme which is being used for a series of programmes including Educational Posters, Annual Magazine, Award Ceremony, the Coaching Seminar and a Double wicket Competition for First Division Teams.
Head Tutor, Level III Coach Winston Smith hailed the Seminar as groundbreaking and praised the Berbice Cricket Board for investing heavily into Cricket Development. Smith, urged the Pre Level I Coaches to make themselves available to assist others. The head Coach stated that all the participants were willing to learn and most importantly, worked together as a unit. The two day Seminar included coaching on batting, bowling, fielding, catches, wicketkeeping and running between the wickets. Participants were placed into groups for discussions and to showcase what they have learnt to each other.
Among those graduating at the simple presentation ceremony were Albert Budhoo, Philbert Wilburgh, Neil Rudder, Erva Giddings, Katana Mentore, Winston Rose, Ameer Rahaman, Sylvina Autar, Shamal Angl, Loyydel Lewis, Adrian Sukhwa, Simon Naidu, Raju Singh, Devendra Ramkishun, Joshua Harrichand, Ryan Joe, Surendra Kissoonlall, Gudakesh Motie and Kandasammy Surujnarine. Junior National Players Kevin Sinclair, Alex Algoo, Kevin Umroa, Javes Karim and Kevlon Anderson were also involved in the Seminar. Philbert Wilburgh of the Police Cricket Club was chosen by the Coaching panel as the best Coach and received a trophy and medal. Ten of the coaches would be selected by the Berbice Cricket Board to write the West Indies Cricket Board Level One Course, with the Berbice Cricket Board President committing to assisting financially.
A man started his New Year off on the wrong flight.
A plane traveling from Sydney, Australia, to San Francisco on New Year's Day was diverted to Auckland, New Zealand, after an unruly passenger hurled insults at the crew and others on board.
Passenger Anjou Ahlborn Kay captured video of the unidentified man berating a flight attendant and calling her a “fat ass.”
“A bigoted passenger screamed racist, homophobic, misogynistic, disturbing words to passengers and crew, then called the flight attendants every offensive thing in the book. Kudos to the flight attendants who remained calm but really sucks this one idiot has grounded us,” wrote Kay along with the disturbing video.
When told the captain would be turning the plane around, the man can be heard sarcastically telling the flight attendant, “Do you know how cool it would be to have the airplane turned around? You'd do that?”
When the cops arrived to arrest him — as can be seen in a second video posted by Kay — the belligerent man had a lot less to say.
Unfortunately for the 252 passengers on the flight, they were stuck in Auckland overnight and had to be put up in hotels, the Daily Mail reported.
“Kudos to the flight attendants who remained calm but really sucks this one idiot has grounded us. Luckily made friends with my amazing seatmates as we dealt with the last 24 hours,” Kay wrote.
LOS ANGELES — A tennis commentator dropped by ESPN for a remark about Venus Williams during the Australian Open sued the sports network Tuesday for wrongful termination.
Former tennis pro Doug Adler maintains he was describing Williams' aggressive style last month as “guerrilla” tactics and not comparing her with a “gorilla.”
He apologized for his poor word choice but was let go from ESPN mid-tournament.
Adler claims “emotional distress” in the filing in Los Angeles Superior Court, alleging he was wrongly branded a racist and has lost other TV opportunities because of the controversy.
The lawsuit calls for punitive financial damages, but doesn't name an amount.
ESPN spokesman Mike Soltys said Tuesday the network hadn't seen the lawsuit and had no comment.
The suit points out that “Guerrilla Tennis” was the name of a Nike TV ad from the 1990s featuring Andre Agassi and Pete Sampras.
“Obviously, (Adler) saw that commercial many times and the phrase became widely used by those who actually understood tennis vernacular and followed the sport closely,” the lawsuit said.
Peter Bodo, senior editor of Tennis magazine, used the term in a 2012 profile of Agnieszka Radwanska, according to court papers.
Adler was doing play-by-play commentary on ESPN for Williams' Jan. 18 match against Stefanie Voegele, saying Williams was playing more aggressively after Voegele missed serves. When Voegele faulted on a serve, Adler described Williams as moving in and charging with a “gorilla effect” or “guerrilla effect.” Because the words gorilla and guerrilla are pronounced similarly, it's impossible to say for certain which word Adler spoke.
Offended viewers called for Adler to be fired for comparing Williams, who is African-American, with a gorilla.
At the time Adler said he was speaking about Williams' tactics and strategy and “simply and inadvertently chose the wrong word to describe her play.”
In a statement emailed in January to The Associated Press, ESPN said it had pulled Adler from broadcasts.
“During an Australian Open stream on ESPN3, Doug Adler should have been more careful in his word selection. He apologized and we have removed him from his remaining assignments,” the statement read.
Adler was an All-American player at the University of Southern California who went on to play on the pro circuit. He was hired by ESPN in 2008 and covered tournaments including the U.S. Open, French Open and Wimbledon.
Williams declined to comment on the remark or the ensuing controversy.
Image copyright Getty Images
Firms waiting for supplies of CO2 have been dealt a blow after one of the UK's main plants suffered a power outage.
CO2 distributor Air Liquide has warned that its gas situation had "worsened significantly" because of a "sudden and unexpected" loss of power affecting its site at Ince, Chester, on Tuesday.
It came after a key sister plant at Billingham, County Durham, had earlier re-opened.
There have been national CO2 shortages after plants were shut for maintenance.
Air Liquide is one of a number of industrial gas companies that processes raw carbon dioxide generated by ammonia production that is used in the fertiliser industry.
Fertiliser producer CF Industries operates plants at Ince and Billingham in County Durham which are, according analysts at investment firm Liberum, responsible for 70% of carbon dioxide used by companies in the UK.
Carbon dioxide is used by businesses to create the fizz in carbonated drinks, in packaging to preserve food and to stun farm animals during the slaughter process.
Warburton's, which is the UK's largest producer of crumpets, was forced to halt production at two of its four plants last week because of the shortage.
It has now resumed production at the plants.
'Precise situation'
According to The Grocer magazine, Air Liquide said in a letter to its customers that a power outage affecting large parts of Chester had impacted its CO2 facility and as a result it was "unable to produce liquid CO2 at this facility".
Air Liquide said that because of a wider shortage of CO2 in the UK, its reserves had been "severely depleted" and consequently it called a "force majeure" which allows it to disregard existing supply arrangements.
A spokeswoman for the company said: "Air Liquide's recent letter to its clients was to inform about a precise situation: the global power disruption in the Cheshire region impacted the raw CO2 supply to Air Liquide purification facility.
"This is temporarily affecting Air Liquide situation, which has worsened, but does not reflect the overall UK CO2 market situation."
A spokesman for the Chemicals Industries Association (CIA) said the CF Industries' plant in Ince would re-start on Wednesday but he was unable to comment on when it would begin to produce carbon dioxide.
The site at Billingham restarted on Monday and the CIA spokesman said that CO2 is being supplied to customers.
The Treasury Department on Monday released a brief one-page analysis of the Republican tax plan — despite Secretary Steve Mnuchin's earlier claims that “over 100 people” within the department were working on a detailed analysis.
"We are pleased to release an analysis demonstrating the revenue impact of the administration's economic agenda," Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs banker, said in a statement Monday.
The analysis, from the department's Office of Tax Policy, claims that the GOP plan would raise $1.8 trillion over the next decade — though that projection was dismissed in a statement Monday as "nothing more than one page of fake math" by Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., and is at odds with estimates from Congress' own non-partisan Joint Committee on Taxation.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Mnuchin fails to deliver promised tax report 14:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In an interview with CNBC's John Harwood earlier this year, Mnuchin said that the department's work on the Republican tax plan would be “completely transparent.”
Related: Senate passes Republican-backed tax bill along party lines
“It will be scored by the joint tax group,” he said. “It will be scored by outside groups. It will be scored by the Treasury department. We have over 100 people working on this, and it will be a completely transparent process.”
But in a report last month, the New York Times found that the department's Office of Tax Policy had largely been sidelined from the type of process that Mnuchin described.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, right, and his wife Louise Linton, hold up a sheet of new $1 bills. Jacquelyn Martin / AP
In a 12-page analysis released last month, the Joint Committee on Taxation found that the Senate plan would raise $408 billion in revenue and add $1 trillion to the deficit after accounting for economic growth.
The Treasury analysis assumes that the economy will expand at a 2.9 percent growth rate — a rate that could theoretically keep the national debt from rising.
Related: Winners and losers in the Senate tax bill
Mnuchin has previously said the plan will “pay for itself,” but in Monday's analysis, the department attributed more than half of its projected revenue to changes in how corporations are taxed.
The Senate plan, however, would lower the corporate tax rate from 35 to 20 percent.
Related: Republicans are breaking four big promises in the Senate tax bill
"It's clear the White House and Republicans are grasping at straws to prove the unprovable and garner votes for a bill that nearly every single independent analysis has concluded will blow up the deficit and generate almost no additional economic activity to make up for it," Schumer said in his statement.
Spotify is hoping to make more money by giving away more music.
The Swedish streaming company said Tuesday the free, ad-supported version of its app will soon look and behave more like the paid, premium version.
Previously, non-paying customers were unable to listen to specific songs on the mobile app — limited instead to shuffled playlists. Now, users will be given access to about 750 songs through 15 Spotify-curated playlists that they will be able to listen to in any order.
The idea, according to Spotify's chief product officer Gustav Söderström, is to tempt more users into paying for better service. Sixty percent — or more than 40 million — of Spotify's current premium subscribers started out as users on the free tier, he said.
“The better our free experience is, the more chances they'll become premium users,” Söderström told reporters at an event at the Gramercy Theatre in Manhattan.
The company is also using machine learning to allow the app to more quickly learn users' tastes, as well as to assist them in building their own playlists.
The move is Spotify's latest to fend off increasing competition from rival Apple Music, which announced earlier this month that it had reached 40 million paying subscribers. Most recently, Spotify said it had 71 million paying subscribers and 90 million on its ad-supported tier as of December.
Earlier this month, Spotify told investors it aims to have 96 million paying subscribers by the end of the year.
Separately Tuesday, a trade group revealed that streaming services have become the music industry's single biggest revenue source, overtaking physical sales and digital downloads for the first time.
The IFPI Global Music Report for 2018 said global recorded music revenues rose 8.1 percent over the past year, driving streaming revenue to 41.1 percent of the overall pie.
Shares of Spotify, which debuted on the New York Stock Exchange April 3, closed the day down 1.9 percent, at $155.07.
If Jim Mora could pick a team for his former quarterback Josh Rosen to end up with Thursday night in the NFL draft, that team would be wearing green and white.
“I think he'd be a fantastic fit with the Jets,” said Mora, the former UCLA coach who has served as an analyst for the NFL Network on its “Path to the Draft” program.
“Josh is kind of ready to go. You give him the keys to the offense, teach it to him, and then he's going to master it pretty quickly. He's that type of kid. I think he'd be a tremendous fit with that coaching staff, with that city. I think it would be a great spot for him.”
Mora will be tuning in to NFL Network on Thursday to see where Rosen winds up. Rosen is considered one of the top quarterbacks in this draft, but has not really been linked to the Browns or Giants (who own the top two picks) in any of the recent mock drafts. The Jets are a different story.
There are people inside the Jets' organization who like Rosen a lot. Some people around the NFL believe the Jets are debating whether to take Rosen or Oklahoma's Baker Mayfield with the No. 3 pick. Rosen blew away members of the Jets' coaching staff with his intelligence. He is viewed by many experts as the most ready quarterback to play immediately.
“I'm hoping that's where he ends up,” Mora said. “I'm hoping he ends up with the Giants or the Jets. I want to see him go as high as possible, but I think the Jets would be a great place for him.”
Mora said he believes Rosen is cut out for being a quarterback in New York. When he said this a month ago and said Sam Darnold was a better fit for Cleveland, it caused a stir. But Mora said he did not mean that as a negative. He just believes New York fits Rosen.
“He's incredibly smart,” Mora said. “He can handle a lot of volume. He can handle being the quarterback of an NFL team in New York City with that type of scrutiny. He can handle the workload that comes with being a quarterback in the NFL. He's been here in Los Angeles. I don't know which one is the larger media market, but they're both certainly very big and very prominent. He's been under the microscope for a long time. He's been highly scrutinized since high school. It's nothing new.”
Mora spent three years with Rosen at UCLA. He said some of the pre-draft criticism of Rosen has been baffling to him.
“When these people question his love of football, it bothers me,” Mora said. “He loves to play football. He loves to play the game of football. He's committed to it. He showed me that every single day. He's incredibly competitive. He always has been incredibly competitive at everything.”
A statement Mora made to Sports Illustrated about Rosen needing to be intellectually challenged also caused waves. Again, Mora said he believes it is a positive that Rosen is always asking, “Why?”
“This is a guy that if [Jets offensive coordinator] Jeremy Bates teaches him a play, Josh isn't just going to sit there and take notes and say, ‘OK, this is the play.' He's going to say, ‘OK, why are we running this? What do you want me to do with this? What are we trying to get out of this?' ” Mora said. “He's going to dive real deep so he has a great understanding of the concepts so that he can go out and perform to the best of his ability and help his team win.
“He's inquisitive because he wants to be great.”
As for some of the incidents Rosen had in college, Mora said they have been overblown, like when Rosen had a hot tub in his dorm room as a freshman. When Mora asked Rosen what he was thinking, Rosen told him that he looked through the school's code and there was nothing about a hot tub being prohibited from dorm rooms.
“The hot tub … I thought was brilliant, to be quite frank,” Mora said. “Remember that he was an 18-year-old freshman. Let's cut him a little slack here.”
When Rosen wore a hat with an expletive about Donald Trump and put a photo of it on social media when Trump was running for president, it took off.
“I doubt that he knew it was going to be such a big deal,” Mora said. “He does have opinions and he's not afraid to tell people what he thinks, but I don't hold that against him in any way. He was a young guy going through a growing process, maturing like all our kids do.”
If you ask Mora, NFL teams have nothing to worry about with Rosen.
“People are making up some negatives,” Mora said. “There really aren't negatives.”
Roger Ver, a prominent bitcoin investor, on Monday said investors piling in to the No.1 virtual currency may be missing out on investing in a better crypto-asset — bitcoin cash.
Ver, referred to in industry circles sometimes as “Bitcoin Jesus”, told CNBC during a phone interview on “Fast Money” that high fees associated with conducting transactions in bitcoin BTCUSD, -3.55% make it prohibitive to use as a legitimate currency, compared with its newest rival Bitcoin Cash, which was the result of controversial split of core bitcoin back in August.
Read: Opinion: Bitcoin traders ought to know these three support levels
Bitcoin cash was an attempt to solve scaling issues by allowing larger blocks and speedier digital transactions. Bitcoin cash is essentially identical to bitcoin, except its blockchain, or software protocol, enables miners, who solve complex computational problems in exchange for bitcoin, to process transactions in 8 megabyte blocks, rather than core bitcoin's current 1MB transaction size. He said the mounting fees associated with day-to-day transactions, which can translate to hundreds of dollars, can eat away at the value in the currency.
“Today, bitcoin if you want to send money to somebody it cost tens or even hundreds of dollars per transaction,” he said. “I am really, really concerned about the future of bitcoin,” Ver told CNBC.
“Bitcoin cash actually has utility,” he continued.
Check out more of the CNBC interview below:
Ver's comments come about 24 hours after core bitcoin made its debut on Cboe Global Markets Inc.'s CBOE, +0.86% futures exchange Sunday at 6 p.m. Eastern, highlighting a stratospheric rise for the currency which has gained some 1,500% so far this year. The January contract for XBTF8, -4.61% rose 20% in Monday action settling at $18,850.
Read: Bitcoin futures: Here's what you need to know
However, electronic trading in bitcoin futures appeared to pull back after Ver's comments.
Ver, who was an early investor in bitcoin in 2011 and has been a staunch advocate of digital currencies, which claim to offer currencies outside of the bounds of banks and governments, has championed bitcoin cash since it was first announced back in July.
His comments underscore a key issue with digital currencies amid the enthusiasm that has helped to take bitcoin prices on CoinDesk on Monday afternoon to all-time highs at $17,382.64: it isn't clear which, if any digital currency, will become the dominant cyber-asset.
Monday's trading action also saw Ether tokens trading on the Ethereum blockchain and Litecoins, viewed as another rival to bitcoin, hitting records above $500 and $200, respectively, according to digital-currency exchange Coinbase.
For Ver's part, the longtime cryptobull cheers the fact that the industry is starting to garner increased attention but warned that investors could take a downside hit as buyers rush in.
“Well, I think lots of people are excited and they have this fear of missing out. Just don't be the last one holding the bag,” he said.
You've likely seen stores around town stuffed with heart-shaped balloons, boxes of chocolates and Valentine's Day cards.
And then there are the cards that Oakland-based artist Rio Yañez creates every year. They are not physical cards, rather images shared through social media. And they've found a cult following because Yañez mixes his annual greetings with politics and Latino pop culture.
"The images themselves are a mixture of contemporary news photographs, historical images and a few '90s hip-hop references," says Yañez. So, there are recurring characters — mainstays of Latino pop culture. You'll spot Frida Kahlo and the singers Selena Gómez and Morrissey.
This year, the 11th rollout of his cards, his images mix gushy text with images highlighting the state of US-Mexico relations. Think border walls and protests. Like this:
And these:
"They've kind of gotten uglier over the years," he says. "But I kind of love that."
Yañez says mixing politics and art is unavoidable. He calls 2017 the most "polarizing year of my life and we're only in February." One of his valentines features the southern border wall and a guard. He says it shows the scope of the wall — something that separates people — and is an "image he wanted to test and to recontextualize into something about love and about letting people into your heart."
Humor is needed, too. "For a lot of us, the stakes are really high when it comes to what's happening with immigration. But sometimes I think we need to be able to laugh at it, too," he says.
Yañez is continuing a family artistic tradition, and a tradition of being vocal about politics. "At this point, it's the family trade," he says. His father, René Yañez, has been a leader among Latino artists in the San Francisco Bay Area and co-founded the Chicano performance group Culture Clash. And his mother, Yolanda López, transformed iconic Latino imagery in art, most notably by mixing working-class politics with portrayals of the Virgin of Guadalupe.
López is also known for her 1978 poster titled "Who's the Illegal Alien, Pilgrim?" It appeared at a time when, like now, the US immigration debate was boiling.
The Valentine's Day cards are just a slice of Rio Yañez's work. He also helped create a tortilla art collective. "We started out experimenting both by drawing directly on tortillas, heat-pressing images on tortillas. And we've created a top secret formula of edible ink now that is mostly just chocolate syrup that is able to print beautifully on tortillas," he says.
Sometimes, they heat up their art and make quesadillas. "We take to the streets and we feed people with our artwork."
From PRI's The World ©2016 PRI
The Bachelor's new engagement isn't doomed to fail Jaws dropped around the country last week while watching the finale of “The Bachelor.” Arie Luyendyk, 36, proposed to Becca Kufrin, 27, early in the episode, only to brutally dump...
'Bachelor' Arie and Lauren finally go to a restaurant “They were all over each other and even feeding each other sushi," said a spy.
The similarities are striking. Both were seventh-round draft picks. Both measured in shy of 5-foot-10. And as much as defensemen have tried to chase them down the ice, those defensemen...
Rob Gronkowski's latest one-liners aren't limited to dirt-biking events.
After girlfriend and Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model Camille Kostek posted a topless picture Sunday on Instagram, the Patriots tight end naturally replied to the sexy snap, given where his social handle was tagged.
“Cant wait to snuggle where I got tagged,” Gronkowski exclaimed, referencing Kostek's chest.
Gronkowski reunited with Kostek this offseason, splashing around in an indoor pool together just last week. The couple have been on and off since 2015, following her stint as a Patriots cheerleader.
As for Gronkowski's future in New England, the Pro Bowler continues to distance himself from the team's facility. It is believed there is a growing discord between Gronkowski and the Patriots brain trust, particularly coach Bill Belichick.
Belichick reportedly scolded Gronkowski for utilizing the controversial TB12 method, endorsed by known Patriots foe and Tom Brady confidant Alex Guerrero, according to the Boston Herald.
The softening of U.S. sanctions against Russian aluminum producer Rusal sends at least two important signals to investors and to official Moscow. One is that the Trump administration has little understanding of the impact of its moves before it makes them. The other is that it doesn't want to impose sanctions that will do a lot of collateral damage outside Russia.
These peculiarities of the U.S. sanctions policy are both a blessing and a curse for President Vladimir Putin's Russia. The trial and error nature of the policy means any individual (and his or her companies) can be hit at any time, especially if they have the misfortune to appear on Forbes Russia's list, used by the U.S. Treasury Department as a master list of sanctionable "oligarchs." But the U.S. unwillingness to inflict damage on its "partners and allies," whose interests Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin mentioned as the reason for his retreat on Rusal, sends an unmistakable message to Russian companies and the Russian state: spreading operations internationally is an effective way to discourage sanctions. That's good to know for both strategic and tactical purposes.
The sanctions against Rusal's biggest shareholder Oleg Deripaska and his assets were the first truly effective U.S. restrictions against Russia. By effectively banning Rusal from doing business in U.S. dollars and thus from exporting aluminum to the U.S., the Trump administration forced the world's second biggest producer of the metal to find new markets for metal that provided 14.4 percent of its revenue last year. The blow's seeming randomness -- it wasn't clear why Deripaska was picked first for such harsh punishment -- spooked investors, and Russian shares plummeted across the board.
I remain convinced that Deripaska was chosen because his company deals in aluminum -- the target of Trump's import tariffs, which are meant to revive domestic production. The opportunity to kill two birds with one stone -- punish Russia and get a major foreign player off the U.S. aluminum market -- must have looked too good to pass up. But no one in the Treasury Department appeared to have considered the consequences for the global aluminum market, where Rusal was included in international value chains. Aluminum prices jumped (which can only be bad for U.S. buyers), Australian-British Rio Tinto was forced to search frantically for new buyers for its alumina (a raw material for aluminum production), and a Rusal plant in Ireland was threatened with closure, creating the potential for job losses and an alumina shortage throughout Europe. These problems, reported to Treasury, appeared to soften Mnuchin's heart. "The U.S. government is not targeting the hardworking people who depend on Rusal and its subsidiaries,” his department quoted him as saying. The U.S. government's problem, Mnuchin said, was limited to Deripaska himself.
The new edition of the Rusal sanctions gives the company an extra six months, until October 23, to wind down its U.S. operations, but Mnuchin has clearly indicated that if Deripaska divests Rusal shares, the company could be taken off the sanctions list. Business partners will still be leery of dealing with Rusal, and they'll still work on contingency plans, but at least there'll be less urgency about it. That's been reflected in an aluminum price drop almost as sharp as the spike after the original sanctions announcement.
A Rusal Respite Cash price of aluminum on the London Metal Exchange, per metric ton Source: London Metal Exchange
This is good news for Norilsk Nickel, part-owned by Deripaska and another Russian who made his fortune during privatizations in the 1990s, Vladimir Potanin. As the world's biggest supplier of nickel and palladium and a global top-10 copper producer, it should be safe: Sanctioning it would cause even more serious disruptions than in the Rusal case. It's also unlikely that the U.S. will hit Russian oil and gas companies, which play a major role in the global energy market, or Russian steel producers. The Russian government, too, can breathe a sigh of relief. Its sovereign debt, rated investment grade by Standard & Poor's since last February and widely held by institutional investors, is safe from sanctions, too.
There's a catch for both Russian billionaires and the government, though. The U.S. is essentially claiming the power to decide who should and shouldn't own Russian companies. Now, both Deripaska and the government will be interested in testing solutions to that problem. Will the U.S. relent if Deripaska hocks part of his stake to a state-owned Russian bank? Will a nominal sale to a proxy cut it? Or should Deripaska simply use the extra time to reorient the company completely away from the U.S. market and banking system, choosing defiantly to work only in Asia? My guess is that the company and the Russian government will look for a scheme that'll satisfy the U.S. without dispossessing Deripaska. If they find one, others will use it as a precautionary measure.
In any case, the U.S. foray into sanctions that really bite clearly hasn't been a success. It showed that hitting companies integrated into global markets can have too many unintended victims.
There is an obvious alternative the U.S. hasn't been serious about implementing. Mikhail Khodorkovsky, the former owner of Russia's top oil company and one of the Putin regime's most consistent opponents, laid it out in a column The Wall Street Journal published on April 22. "The West's real enemy – and the enemy of the Russian people too – is a group of about 100 key beneficiaries of the Putin regime, and several thousand of their accomplices, many of whom hold posts in the Federal Security Service and the presidential administration," Khodorkovsky wrote, suggesting that the West must sanction these people, most of whom "began their careers in the criminal underworld of St. Petersburg."
These are emphatically not the oligarchs who got rich under Putin's predecessor, Boris Yeltsin. They are the real Putin cronies from his time in the KGB and the St. Petersburg mayor's office -- the people with the most shadowy influence on the Russian justice and law enforcement systems, the ones capable of taking away others' businesses and rigging major government tenders, the "new nobility" of the Putin era.
The U.S. has sanctioned some close Putin friends from the early days of his career, such as oil company Rosneft's Chief Executive Officer Igor Sechin, billionaire Gennady Timchenko and three members of the super-rich Rotenberg family. Whether or not they are members of the group Khodorkovsky describes, his proposal isn't about hitting a few fabulously wealthy individuals whose closeness to Putin is universally known. It's about patient investigative work to find out the identities of thousands of shadowy people getting rich off the Putin regime, finding their Western assets, freezing them before they can react and informing the public about these people's ties to Putin and his inner circle. That would send ripples throughout Russia, but not through important global markets.
Lazy formulas like the one used by the Treasury Department in the Deripaska -- "has been accused of threatening the lives of business rivals, illegally wiretapping a government official, and taking part in extortion and racketeering" -- only betray a lack of expertise. Anyone can find references to these accusations on the internet. Is that really the best the U.S. government can do? Following Khodorkovsky's advice, by contrast, could send serious chills up many backs in and around the Kremlin.
Most of the $1 trillion that has fled Russia to the West since the Soviet Union's collapse isn't owned by the old-school "oligarchs." It was the corrupt officials and the little-known regime clients who moved it overseas. The West is still doing little to track that wealth and its owners; it's looking under the lamp, not in the shadows where the true criminals and their fortunes are. What happened to Rusal exposes this approach as deeply flawed.
An upbeat Justice Neil Gorsuch wasted little time getting to work in his first public session Monday as the 113th member of the Supreme Court.
Sitting at the far right end of the nine-member bench, Gorsuch spent the morning hearing three oral arguments, each lasting about an hour. In his first case, considering a federal workplace discrimination claim, the newest justice was among the most active of questioners — unusual for the court “rookie.”
At the start of the morning session, Chief Justice John Roberts publicly acknowledged his new colleague in the crowded courtroom, wishing him a “long and happy career in our common calling.”
Gorsuch responded by thanking the other justices for giving him a “warm welcome.”
The 49-year-old Colorado native paid close attention to the arguments, sitting straight up and resting his hand occasionally on his chin.
He remained focused — not even chatting with his “bench neighbor,” Justice Sonia Sotomayor — as he asked a number of questions of counsel. The back-and-forth exchanges lasted more than 10 minutes of the first 60-minute argument.
The first case out of the gate for Gorsuch was not a blockbuster, but the justice repeatedly pressed lawyers from both sides with his positions.
When one attorney admitted he tended to agree with the justice on one point, Gorsuch dryly replied, “I hope so.”
At one point, he even apologized for the amount of questions, saying, “Sorry for taking up so much time.”
The other cases being argued separately Monday deals with a property rights dispute and securities class-action lawsuits.
Settling In
Even before Monday's arguments, Gorsuch had begun settling in at the court, arranging his chambers to create a comfortable, efficient workplace. Reminders of his roots in Colorado and the West will grace his offices, along with plenty of photos of his family and friends.
He is allowed to hire secretaries, a messenger, and four law clerks — who typically serve for one year.
Those clerks will be especially important helping the justice get up to speed on his caseload, since joining the court in the midst of the term is not standard. It will be a nonstop whirl of activity until the term effectively ends in late June.
All four of the law clerks brought on in recent days served previously for then-Judge Gorsuch, and are all experienced litigators or academics. Two of them later went on to clerk for Antonin Scalia (the late justice whose seat Gorsuch is now occupying) and Justice Sonia Sotomayor.
His colleagues are welcoming their newest member.
“We hope we're serving with Justice Gorsuch for the next 25 years,” Roberts said last week before a university audience in New York. “It's kind of like a marriage. If you're going to be with someone that long, you can't have knock-down, drag-out fights over a case.”
Lunch Is Served
Food for thought for the newest member of the Supreme Court: being the junior justice has its benefits and challenges.
For Gorsuch, it will mean being assigned to the court's internal Cafeteria Committee, where dessert toppings and silverware choices will compete for his time with constitutional issues big and small — all part of the dizzying first few weeks for the justice.
Justice Elena Kagan, who had been the court “newbie” since 2010, unwittingly gave her future colleague some personal advice on managing the job. She appeared last September at a Colorado legal conference with Gorsuch and spoke to what it was like to have the least seniority.
“I think this is a way to kind of humble people,” she said about her stint as one of the office lunch monitors. “You think you're kind of hot stuff. You're an important person. You've just been confirmed to the United States Supreme Court. And now you are going to monthly cafeteria committee meetings where literally the agenda is what happened to the good recipe for the chocolate chip cookies.”
And the rookie hears about it when the food doesn't rate. One tradition of the court is the justices eat together privately after oral arguments.
“Somebody will say, ‘Who's our representative to the cafeteria committee again?'” she told Gorsuch. “Like they don't know, right? And then they'll say, ‘This soup is very salty.' And I'm like supposed to go fix it myself?”
Kagan recalled her proudest moment was getting a frozen yogurt machine installed in the dining area, which is open to the public.
She had been on the internal committee for seven years, with Justice Stephen Breyer in the job 11 years before that.
“It's a way of bringing them back down to Earth after the excitement of confirmation and appointment,” Roberts said in 2011. Roberts' role as “first among equals,” though, meant he never had to endure any of the “new guy” responsibilities.
Another duty for the “junior” justice is to answer the door when the members meet privately for their weekly closed-door conferences — voting on cases and deciding which petitions get added to the docket. His first such conference will be this Thursday.
Gorsuch will also take notes at the conferences, and will vote last when cases get decided.
It is a learning curve that many on the court admit can be baffling and often overwhelming.
Justice Samuel Alito said he frequently got lost in the marbled halls of the court when he joined in 2006, especially since the building was undergoing a massive internal renovation at the time.
Breyer said it took him years to feel fully comfortable in the job.
And Justice Clarence Thomas recalled what Justice Byron White told him when he donned the robes in 1991. White, whose clerks included Gorsuch, said, “Well, Clarence, in your first five years you wonder how you got here. After that you wonder how your colleagues got here.”
In this Aug. 10, 2017, file photo, a man watches a TV screen showing a local news program reporting on North Korea's threats to strike Guam with ballistic missiles, at the Seoul Train Station in Seoul, South Korea. If, after all the fanfare, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un doesn't actually launch missiles toward Guam, many may write the whole episode off as another of the North's seemingly endless bluffs. But from Pyongyang's perspective and in the eyes of some U.S. military experts, Kim and his generals have already won this round. Ahn Young-Joon, File AP Photo
Video
22-year-old Liam is gay.
He lives in the Shetland Isles and tells Newsbeat what it's like trying to date on a remote island.
Basil Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com,Rimma Bondarenko/Shutterstock When it comes to mints, this one might be in a league of its, especially because there are so many When it comes to mints, this one might be in a league of its, especially because there are so many fun ideas for using fresh basil . But what's the secret to keeping it fresh? "Keep it potted and in a sunny place, water every other day, and mist it daily," says Yousef Ghalaini, executive chef of FIG Restaurant at the Fairmont Miramar Santa Monica in Santa Monica, California. "You should grab leaves from the plant by cutting at an angle an inch below the leaf," he recommends. "Keeping fresh herbs in potting soil inside is great, just keep an eye on them and don't let them bolt (this is the seed pod that pops up at the top of the plant once it gets old), as the leaves become really tough and lose flavor," says Ghalaini. Don't have a live plant? The best tip for store-bought basil is to keep the the stems trimmed and place in a jar of water. Loosely cover it with a plastic bag, as it'll create a mini greenhouse sort of environment. Basil does better at room temperature so never throw this one in the fridge, where it will wilt quickly.
Chives Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com,PhotoMediaGroup/Shutterstock Amazing in mashed potatoes , chives look hearty but are actually delicate. Even so, Ghalaini recommends the thick wet paper towel treatment, "and keep the towels moist," he says. Here's another, longer-lasting option: Freeze your chives. Wash, trim, and chop the herb, place them in an ice cube tray and just barely cover with water. Then freeze.
Cilantro Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com,zefirchik06/Shutterstock You either love it or You either love it or you think it tastes like soap . For the lucky cilantro lovers, the herb punches up everything from salsa to soups to summer salads. Because it's so delicate, handle this herb with care: In a test by the Vegetable Gardener website, the best way to keep it fresh is to place the bunch in water up to the stems, place a loose plastic bag over the leaves, and keep it in the fridge.
Content continues below ad
Dill Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com,Sergii Tverdokhlibov/Shutterstock Love some dill with your smoked salmon? Goldberg advises storing it in a tall mason jar or quart jar with an inch or two of water in the bottom. Snip the stems so you can fit the herbs, and then close the lid, she says. Learn how to Love some dill with your smoked salmon? Goldberg advises storing it in a tall mason jar or quart jar with an inch or two of water in the bottom. Snip the stems so you can fit the herbs, and then close the lid, she says. Learn how to grow your own dill and other spices
Mint Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com,Evgeny Karandaev/Shutterstock This useful herb can withstand a fair amount of exposure, so you can keep it in the fridge or out. "The benefit to keeping mint live is that it keeps away bugs and it tastes amazing when it's plucked from the plant for immediate use—try steeping in some black tea for a great post meal digestive!" says Ghalaini. Read on for more This useful herb can withstand a fair amount of exposure, so you can keep it in the fridge or out. "The benefit to keeping mint live is that it keeps away bugs and it tastes amazing when it's plucked from the plant for immediate use—try steeping in some black tea for a great post meal digestive!" says Ghalaini. Read on for more natural home remedies for an upset stomach
Oregano Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com,Fedorovacz/Shutterstock Give life to your pizzas and salads with this delightful herb. Laura Lea Goldberg, a Nashville-based certified holistic chef, head of the popular site, Give life to your pizzas and salads with this delightful herb. Laura Lea Goldberg, a Nashville-based certified holistic chef, head of the popular site, LLBalanced.com and author of the new cookbook, The Laura Lea Balanced Cookbook , recommends placing oregano stems between paper towels, rolling them up, and tightly sealing them with plastic wrap or in resealable bags. Learn about oregano and other spices' healing properties
Content continues below ad
Parsley Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com,YARUNIV Studio/Shutterstock Give your soups a beautiful finishing touch by sprinkling chopped parsley on top as a final garnish. "This hearty herb can withstand a lot," says Ghalaini. "I like to wrap it with thick wet paper towels and store it in the refrigerator." Just be sure to trim the ends if you keep parsley in the fridge. Like basil, you can also keep it in a jar of water at room temperature. Give your soups a beautiful finishing touch by sprinkling chopped parsley on top as a final garnish. "This hearty herb can withstand a lot," says Ghalaini. "I like to wrap it with thick wet paper towels and store it in the refrigerator." Just be sure to trim the ends if you keep parsley in the fridge. Like basil, you can also keep it in a jar of water at room temperature.
Rosemary Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com,nadianb/Shutterstock Amazing with roasts, potatoes, and vegetable medleys, rosemary is hearty and stores well. Goldberg recommends this method for storing durable herbs like rosemary: Place the stems lengthwise evenly on double-layered damp paper towels and roll them into a log shape. Then wrap them in plastic or place in a resealable bag and refrigerate. Did you know keeping a rosemary plant in your office can make you Amazing with roasts, potatoes, and vegetable medleys, rosemary is hearty and stores well. Goldberg recommends this method for storing durable herbs like rosemary: Place the stems lengthwise evenly on double-layered damp paper towels and roll them into a log shape. Then wrap them in plastic or place in a resealable bag and refrigerate. Did you know keeping a rosemary plant in your office can make you more productive and energized at work
Sage Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com,Sergey Fatin/Shutterstock One of 10 top healing herbs , sage is great on beef and poultry, or mixed into butter and served with pasta. Similar to rosemary, you can roll it up in paper towels or try freezing it in ice cube trays, recommends cooking website thekitchn.com . When you're ready to use it, place the sage cube in a strainer until the ice melts away: The herb will have retained its potent flavor.
Content continues below ad
3:45
Houston County's Hunter Henry is the All-Middle Georgia Boys Soccer Player of the Year.
The finalists for the National Book Awards were just announced, and it is a thrill to see the names of two Latinx authors: Chicana writer Erika L. Sánchez's I Am Not Your Perfect Mexican Daughter, a finalist in the Young People's Literature category, and Cuban American writer Carmen María Machado's Her Body and Other Parties, in the Fiction category. And congratulations to Peruvian American writer Daniel Alarcón's The King is Always Above the People, who was in the longlist for fiction.
The awards ceremony takes place November 15 in New York City, and we wish Sánchez and Machado much luck.
It's Latino Heritage Month, and to celebrate this, below is a list of Latinx writers worth noting for their exceptional storytelling and poetry. These dozen books were recently published by small and independent presses.
via Amazon.com
1. Chantel Acevedo, The Living Infinite (Europa Editions)
Acevedo's page-turning historical novel is based on the life of Princess María Eulalia Francisca de Asís y Margarita de Bourbon, a spirited woman with a sense of adventure that defied the gender norms of the Spanish court in the late 19th century. Determined to find a publisher for her revealing memoir, Eulalia sets out for Cuba and then the U.S. during a period of deep social and political changes that charmed and challenged her sensibilities as a woman in the New World.
via Amazon.com
2 Rosa Alcalá, MyOther Tongue (Futurepoem)
“What are the sounds for but to hear what isn't there,” writes Alcalá in this moving collection of poems in which a speaker navigates the loss of her mother and the birth of her daughter. The legacy of womanhood, the blessings and dangers of the female body, and the shifting cultural identities from one generation to the next, are a few of the threads that stitch together this dazzling journey through one woman's matrilineal story.
via Amazon.com
3. Steven Alvarez, The Codex Mojaodicus (Fence Books)
This inventive book of poems inspired by the Aztec codices imagines the pre-Colombian landscape on the Arizona-Mexico border territory, where a new language and intercultural mythologies come alive as AZtexts. Wordplay offers surprise and critique with such surprises as turning “Mictlán” (the valley of the dead) into “McTlán,” a multiethnic southwestern town with bars that invite its patrons to dance the “achy breaky corazón.”
via Amazon.com
4. Daniel Chacón, The Cholo Tree (Arte Público Press)
Chacón's triumphant tale of acceptance and redemption unfolds in the adolescence of Victor Reyes, a Chicano youth who doubts he can break away from what others expect of him: to end up just another menace of the streets, a cholo. The more Victor tries to prove them wrong, the more he confirms their prejudices. Not until he learns to define himself through his intelligence and imagination does he begin to find a way out of the trappings of a self-fulfilling prophecy.
via Amazon.com
5. Stephanie Elizondo Griest, All the Agents and Saints: Dispatches from the U.S. Borderlands (University of North Carolina Press)
Skillfully blending reportage and memoir, renowned travel writer Elizondo Griest discovers powerful parallels between the borders of Canada and Mexico as she observes the lives of the Mohawk tribe and of her beloved Texas community. These troubled zones negotiate poverty, violence, and falls through the cracks of international politics yet somehow its people can still make of them a home.
RELATED: Think Mexican, Canadian Borders Are That Different? Not So, Author Finds
via Noemi Press
6. Manuel Paul López, These Days of Candy (Noemi Press)
It's the age of surveillance, police militarization and the assault on human rights, therefore López's striking book of poems reads like communications from the war-torn Americas, the speaker a beleaguered traveler seeking perspective and hard-won peace: “Tonight I want to inject this anger into the moon and watch it implode, because it witnesses the abusive language of baton and cuff and says nothing.”
via Amazon.com
7. Daniel A. Olivas, The King of Lighting Fixtures (University of Arizona Press)
The 29 short stories in this collection offer a rich and panoramic view of Los Angeles as experienced by the city's insiders, outsiders and even a few inhabitants of the Netherworld. Olivas, the king of flash fiction, flexes both magical realist and realist muscles in service to each succinct “but in the end significant beyond its size” narrative. The rollercoaster tour through La La Land comes to a screeching halt with the thought-provoking speculative story “The Great Wall.”
via Amazon.com
8. Joseph Ríos, Shadowboxing (Omnidawn)
The hard knocks of a Chicano's journey from the mean streets of the Central California Valley to the cruel halls of academia and then back again to reconcile with family history and painful memory fuel this stellar debut book of poems. Ríos's Josefo is an endearing gentle giant, a misunderstood genius with a startling relationship to the world: “I reach for the dial and discover I can bend the moonlight/ into a glowing, smiling-now or crying-later crescent.”
via Amazon.com
9. Benjamin Alire Sáenz, The Last Cigarette on Earth (Cinco Puntos Press)
Reflective and revelatory, this book of poems traces the speaker's difficult adjustment to a series of life changes: aging, getting divorced, dealing with depression and addiction, falling in love again, this time with another man. Sáenz shapes heartache into brave and stunning verse: “I'm singing. No one can/ kill this song inside of me. Not even me.”
via Amazon.com
10. Vickie Vértiz, Palm Frond With Its Throat Cut (University of Arizona Press)
For a young queer Chicana with the will to shape her own destiny, escapes to the big cities like San Francisco and L.A. are invigorating but bittersweet—she must still “learn to outrun the terrible stories we must/ not pass on.” Vértiz pays tribute to the fighters and the lovers inside each of us in this fearless and remarkable collection of poems that sings “about the dark times, about school. About how La Llorona needs a vacation from that riverbed.”
via Amazon.com
11. Vanessa Angélica Villarreal, Beast Meridian (Noemi Press)
The power and pulse in Villarreal's debut collection of poems comes from the courage to write “for the great violences hidden inside women/ For the women hidden inside great violences.” Her emotional territory is expansive, reaching far into the mythologies of Mexico and the borderlands, the recesses of family traumas, and the plight of personal demons. Taking linguistic, structural, and expressive risks, this book is necessary “to survive this nightmare so American.”
via Amazon.com
12. Norman Antonio Zelaya, Orlando and other stories (Pochino Press)
The son of Nicaraguan immigrants who settled in San Francisco's Mission District, Zelaya deftly captures the burdens and blessings of a working class community in a gentrifying neighborhood. The art of storytelling is also an act of recovery, and Zelaya's portraits of struggle, strength, and resilience give voice to people and experiences that have shaped the city's history and cultural identity.
Follow NBC Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
BEIJING — The Latest on the closing session of China's ceremonial legislature (all times local):
12:30 p.m.
A Taiwanese official rejects comments by Chinese President Xi Jinping about Taiwan's future and welcomed a U.S. law encouraging more official exchanges between Washington and Taipei.
Foreign ministry spokesman Andrew Lee said Tuesday that Taiwan will continue to play an important role in regional peace and won't be affected by interference from Beijing.
Lee said, “We further hope to act even more actively in peaceful regional development and stability as well as prosperity.”
Xi at the closing session of the National People's Congress reiterated China's approach of seeking peaceful unification with the island. He warned that any attempt to separate any part of China — implicitly including Taiwan — from the nation would be “doomed to failure.”
Lee said the signing of the Taiwan Travel Act is a proof of Washington's strong determination to strengthen its relations with Taiwan.
——
12:15 p.m.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang says he will give “positive consideration” to attending a meeting of leaders from Japan, South Korea and China held in Japan during the first half of this year.
Responding to a question from a Japanese reporter at his annual news conference, Li said Beijing's ties with Tokyo have been improving but suffered from a weak foundation. He said visits by the national leaders showed a return to normalcy but they can't count on a “one-off deal” to continue the momentum.
China dislikes Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe for what it sees as his government's encouragement of right-wing Japanese scholars and politicians who seek to minimize Japan's guilt for its brutal World War II invasion and occupation of much of China.
The sides have also been at loggerheads for years over ownership of uninhabited East China Sea islands controlled by Japan but claimed by China.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
By KEVIN RICH
Special to the PRESS
The South Padre Island City Council considered several agenda items related to Spring Break, the venue tax, and shoreline related issues in its April 5 meeting.
Mayor Barry Patel introduced the Spring Break related agenda items stating, “We will be having several meetings in the future about the mass gathering ordinance. The public will have many opportunities to speak in the future.”
SPI City Manager Susan Guthrie presented the debriefing process the City is undertaking to analyze this issue. She began by stating that Spring Break has a major impact on the City and community in terms of revenue, expenditures, staffing, risk and reputation. “The high volume of visitors and associated traffic, trash, crime and medical needs are taxing the system,” said Guthrie. She went on to explain the City will be collecting extensive Spring Break related data from many sources, including public safety, code enforcement, public works, shoreline, parks, fleet, fire, EMS, beach patrol, technology, municipal courts, and finance. They will perform ‘SWOT' analysis, looking at strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats, as a part of the process.
“I think it's a great way to approach this,” commented Council Member Pitcock. He went on to emphasize the importance of collecting and analyzing data to come up with solutions, as opposed to making “knee jerk reactions.”
Council next considered authorizing the city manager to form a subcommittee to review, research and make recommendations regarding implementation of a mass gathering ordinance. Guthrie proposed that the subcommittee be comprised of city staff, two council members, two members from the business community, a member from Property Owners Who Care (POWC) and one citizen at large. “Public input begins now and it continues for the next two and a half months,” Patel said. He emphasized the urgency for coming up with an actionable item for this issue by July, to allow for the planning of Spring Break 2018.
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
The site of the final phase of the Dakota Access Pipeline in cannonball, North Dakota. Tom Stromme / The Bismarck Tribune via AP
The crucial easement needed to finish the project
was granted last week, and the company in charge of it said drilling began as soon as the approval came down. The motion for summary judgment asks that the easement be vacated.
The tribe and its supporters believe the pipeline poses a threat to a reservoir that supplies the tribe's drinking water. The pipeline project, which crosses four states, is estimated to be able to transport 570,000 barrels of oil a day.
The pipeline has been the scene of months of protests. The project was delayed during President Barack Obama's administration, and
a review of environmental approvals was launched.
At the time, several government agencies, including the Army Corps, said in a joint statement that the case highlighted the need for “a serious discussion on whether there should be nationwide reform with respect to considering tribes' views on these types of infrastructure projects.”
The Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe was dealt a defeat on Monday when
a judge refused to grant a temporary restraining order that would have halted construction. The easement covers 1.25 miles of the pipeline that runs under the Missouri River. The pipeline does not run on tribal land, but it crosses the river a half-mile upstream.
The 3.7 million project is nearly finished. The company financing it , Energy Transfer Partners, said Thursday: “We have started the drill to go beneath Lake Oahe and expect to be completed in 60 days.”
“We look forward to having the pipeline in service in approximately 83 days,” spokeswoman Vicki Granado said.
Standing Rock Sioux Tribe Chairman Dave Archambault II called the pipeline “dangerous.”
“President Trump claims he has not received ‘a single phone call' opposing this widely criticized project,” Archambault said in a statement from Earthjustice, a group working with the tribe. “Maybe he should turn the White House phones back on, because millions of people have raised their voices against this dangerous project.”
Earthjustice attorney Jan Hasselman said in the statement: “The Trump Administration is circumventing the law: wholly disregarding the treaty rights of the Standing Rock Sioux and ignoring the legally required environmental review.”
The motion argues that the Army Corps violated the National Environmental Policy Act by failing to prepare a full environmental impact statement about the river crossing.
Energy Transfer Partners says the underground pipeline has been built to be one of the safest pipelines in the world. Chief Executive Kelcy Warren has called concerns over its impact on the tribe's water supply “unfounded.”
Trump signed the presidential memorandum calling for the approval review of the Dakota Access project on the same day that he signed an order aimed at advancing the Keystone Oil XL Pipeline, a project rejected by Obama.
Media mogul's former Manhattan penthouse goes on the market The country's current priciest listing is a $350 million California estate that was the setting for “The Beverly Hillbillies” in the 1960s — at least until Bel Air's $500 million...
America's most expensive home is on sale for $350 million The most expensive home for sale in the United States is the grandiose mansion from the 1960s TV series “The Beverly Hillbillies,” which hit the market Monday for $350 million....
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
A driver had to be cut free from her car after an accident involving three vehicles on the A52 closed the road for several hours yesterday.
The accident happened at about 1pm at Ropsley and involved two cars and a caravan.
Police say the female driver of the car who was released by firefighters suffered only minor injuries. The road was closed until about 5pm.
Lincolnshire Fire and Rescue Service said three fire crews attended just after 1pm and used Holmatro gear to release one female driver from her vehicle.
Israeli embassy in Warsaw warns against wave of anti-Semitic statements in Poland amid row on Holocaust bill.
The Israeli embassy in Warsaw warned on Friday it has observed a "wave of anti-Semitic statements" in Poland, AFP reported.
The warning comes amid a diplomatic row between Poland and Israel following the approval of a controversial Holocaust bill that would make it illegal to suggest Poland bore any responsibility for crimes against humanity committed by Nazi Germany on its soil during World War II.
The legislation, which was approved by the lower house of parliament and the Senate, still needs the president's signature to take effect.
The bill would make the use of phrases such as “Polish death camps” punishable by up to three years in prison and would apply to both Polish citizens and foreigners.
Israel, however, has expressed concern that the legislation relating to the extermination of Jews by Nazi Germany in occupied Poland during World War II, could serve to deny the involvement of individual Poles in the Holocaust.
"In the last few days we could not help but notice a wave of anti-Semitic statements, reaching the Embassy through all channels of communication. Many of them targeted Ambassador Anna Azari personally," the embassy said in a statement on its website on Friday.
"Anti-Semitic statements are overflowing the internet channels in Poland, but they have become present on the main stream media too, especially on the TVP Info," it added, referring to the state-run broadcaster.
A recent commentator on the state-run TVP station had made the statement that "we could say these camps were neither German nor Polish but Jewish. Because who operated the crematoria? And who died there?"
Another commenter had sent out a tweet using the Polish version of an offensive term against Jews, according to AFP.
The Israeli embassy did not specifically mention these examples, but they triggered much criticism in Poland.
Wednesday night's vote in the Polish Senate on the legislation came despite an agreement between Polish Prime Minister Morawiecki and Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu earlier this week, that the two sides would hold a dialogue in order to try to reach understandings on the controversial legislation.
Israel's Foreign Ministry responded on Thursday to the Polish Senate's decision to approve the law.
"The State of Israel firmly opposes the Polish Senate's decision," a ministry spokesperson said. "Israel views with gravity all attempts to harm the historical truth. No law will change the facts."
Meanwhile, Morawiecki said on Friday that finding a way out of a diplomatic row with Israel and the U.S. triggered by the controversial Holocaust bill was a "do-or-die moment" for him.
The State Department had urged Poland to reconsider the law before the vote in the Senate. On Thursday, the American embassy in Poland said it was “concerned about the repercussions” for bilateral relations of legislation in Warsaw about the Holocaust.
"This is a temporary weakening of relations with Israel and the USA but I hope that soon they will improve as we will explain our position," he was quoted as having told a group of foreign journalists.
"As a prime minister this a do-or-die moment. We will be explaining. It's an important moment," he added.
(Arutz Sheva's North American desk is keeping you updated until the start of Shabbat in New York. The time posted automatically on all Arutz Sheva articles, however, is Israeli time.)
Oil contract robbing Guyanese of dem dreams
Dem boys seh
Everybody's dream is to have a good life. It means having a roof over you head, food in you pot and somewhere comfortable to lie down. And most importantly yuh mustn't become a beggar.
De odda day plenty people been in de begging line now dem people seh dem coming out dat line because dem hear dat Guyana got real wealth. Some of dem seh ‘Thank God fuh Exxon' but dem boys seh ‘Kick Exxon if dem don't change de lopsided oil contract.'
De contract is de wuss de world ever see. De contract got nuff greed dat people want to know which shithole sign it.
Imagine you rent a house to Soulja Bai in Berbice. If he or de wife Sandra Gyal pelt de Neighbour window, and bruck it up and de people guh to court.
You de landlord got to pay fuh dem tek lawyer and when dem get judgement yuh got to pay de neighbour.
Now tell us which Landlord gun agree to dat, eh? Only Minister Trotman.
If there is an oil spill and if it mek a mess of de region, Guyana, yes, you and me have to pay the lawyer fees plus all the cost to fix back the people country.
Is a smart MOFO sign de contract.
Dem boys seh, if yuh think dat one bad, hear dis. Guyana getting a share on every barrel dat Exxon pump up, but even Soulja Bai can't go pun de rig to check how much oil pumping per day.
De contract wha de Harvard scholar sign seh if Soulja Bai want fuh guh visit de Rig, he has to write Exxon 7 days in advance, begging dem fuh leh he come see how much oil dem bringing up per day.
Who ever hear of such a shithole contract in which you gat to tell the man who have to share the pie with you when you're coming?
Is like Granger own a large mining claim in Puruni. Alphonso approach him and seh Bai leh we wuk de land and we gun share the gold 50–50, half and half…
When Alphonso start and Granger seh he want to come in fuh check, Alphonso seh you can't come hay like dat. You got to give me seven days notice, in writing.
Everybody knows when you have such a deal, it is to avoid cockiness; and both party got to be on the dredge operation fuh see every pennyweight of the gold dat come up, if not yuh know what is going to happen.
Talk half and do the decent thing, Soulja Bai. Change dis thiefin contract!
The craziest looks from Beyoncé's mom's Wakanda-themed party Tina Knowles (aka Beyoncé's mom) hosted her second annual Wearable Arts Gala in Los Angeles to benefit the WACO (Where Art Can Occur) Theatre Center. The dress code for the...
That time Rachael Ray was associated with Jay-Z and Beyoncé Ray loves that people mixed her up with Rachel Roy amid the "Becky with the good hair" drama.
The Hamptons' most over-the-top mansion returns for $50M Jay-Z and Beyoncé called this massive Hamptons spread home for a month in 2012. And Justin Bieber always helps clear the table when he comes for dinner. Now Hamptons developer...
Beyoncé and Jay-Z going on tour again The Carters are officially back. On Monday, Beyoncé and Jay-Z announced plans for a new tour, OTR II. (Consider it the sequel to their 2014 On The Run tour.) The...
Former 'Housewives' star does her best Beyoncé impression "If I can't be Queen Bey I'll settle for King Edmonds," Meghan King Edmonds posted Friday on Instagram.
Jay-Z and Beyoncé tour announced – then quickly retracted Bey's Facebook and Ticketmaster pages announced a date for the tour, but both posts were quickly deleted.
Jay-Z and Beyoncè are hosting a hot Oscar afterparty “Jay has always wanted to throw an Oscar party, and now feels like the right time.”
A dozen activists and local officials gathered Wednesday in the shadow of cranes powering Charlotte's building boom to demand higher worker safety standards and answers in the accident that killed a 24-year-old worker last week at a new skyscraper.
"We're here to hold people accountable," said Isael Mejia, at the protest on Stonewall Street, organized by the North Carolina AFL-CIO. "We want to stand up and say this can be prevented."
Behind him, workers peered out from the exposed upper floors of the building, as cranes swung overhead and the growl of diesel engines occasionally drowned out the speakers. A sign on the construction fence read "This team has SAFELY worked ___ days."
Juventino Mata-Hernandez died on Wednesday, when police said he somehow fell from a construction elevator. The worker, father of a three-year-old girl, plunged from the 19th floor, landing on a small platform next to the elevator's base. He was pronounced dead by paramedics at the scene.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Investigators have been tight-lipped about the fatality. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police have declined to comment further, while the N.C. Department of Labor, the primary investigative agency, has said they can't comment on an investigation that's underway. It could be months before investigators wrap up the probe.
Wes Cotter, a spokesman for general contractor Gilbane Building Company, said the company is cooperating with authorities in the investigation and could not provide further information while it remains ongoing.
"It was a terrible accident, but no one should think we're not following the highest safety standards," he said.
Juventino Mata-Hernandez, 24, died last week after falling from the 19th floor of a tower under construction in uptown Charlotte. Courtesy Mata-Hernandez family, Observer news partner WBTV
Mauricio Gonzalez, Mata-Hernandez's uncle, said the family still doesn't have answers about what led to his death.
"We don't know exactly what happened," said Gonzalez. "He supported all his family, his parents, his daughter...He never had a problem with anybody."
At 640 feet, the new tower at Legacy Union will be the fourth-tallest building in uptown when it's complete in 2019. Developed by Charlotte-based Lincoln Harris, the 33-story building is the tallest under construction right now in Charlotte. Workers have built about 25 floors of the tower, and Bank of America has leased more than half the space.
The office building, on the former site of the Charlotte Observer, is the first phase of a major redevelopment that's planned to include residences, hotels, shops and restaurants on the prominent site next to Bank of America stadium.
Workers deserve better protections, the speakers said, and need more training. Some speakers described safety briefings around at sites around Charlotte conducted exclusively in English, even though many workers only speak Spanish.
"These are not just nameless and faceless people," said Ray McKinnon, pastor of South Tryon Community United Methodist Church. "Sixty people a day are moving to this city, and it's largely because of people like Juventino Mata-Hernandez who are building it."
Jose Mata, the worker's cousin, told Observer news partner WBTV last week that he came from Mexico two years ago.
Charlotte Mecklenburg Police officers and construction workers gather at the scene where a worker fell to his death on Wednesday. Matt Walsh
“He had big plans to work hard, make money, and be successful at something,” Mata, who was also working at the construction site, told WBTV. He said that he had been on the construction elevator before the accident, but got off on the 14th floor while Mata-Hernandez continued up.
“The elevator started to shake,” he said. “And he was thrown out. At that point, I don't know anymore."
Hey Big Oil, don't screw this one up.
By this time next week, we'll know how the big five Western oil majors – Exxon Mobil Corp., Chevron Corp., Royal Dutch Shell Plc, BP Plc and Total SA – did in the first quarter. To be honest, we kind of know already: The average crude oil price and benchmark refining margin were up 23 percent and 12 percent, year over year. Not that it has done them much good up to this point:
Big Disappointment The oil majors have largely missed out on oil's gains so far this year Data: Bloomberg; graphic by Bloomberg Gadfly
Investors, often derided for their short memories, have developed an elephantine grudge for oil companies (see this piece by my Bloomberg News colleagues). And who can blame them? The majors talk a good game about discipline and multi-decade horizons and all that. But when push came to shove, during the extended oil rally for most of the decade after 2004, they spent like crazy and trashed their returns.
Yet that's precisely why this earnings season is theirs to lose.
One of the things exposed by the oil crash was the majors' inflexibility: Big investment budgets stayed big even as revenue dropped away, squeezing cash flow. However, these five majors are now forecast to report their largest collective haul of free cash flow since the first quarter of 2012 – when oil averaged more than $118 a barrel:
Fewer Equals More Despite much lower oil prices, the majors are forecast to generate the most free cash flow since early 2012 Data: Bloomberg, Macquarie Capital; graphic by Bloomberg Gadfly
Generating supercycle levels of free cash flow with oil trading 43 percent lower than back then speaks to the majors actually practicing some of that vaunted discipline. Plus, they are not just funding investment with their own cash flows, but also payouts to shareholders (collectively, anyway):
Self-Fueling The oil majors have collectively reached the point where they can fund both capex and dividends from internal cash flow Data: Bloomberg; Macquarie Capital; graphic by Bloomberg Gadfly
You'll notice, however, that bottom line is barely in positive territory, and a fraction of what it was at triple-digit oil.
That's why this Big Oil earnings week is less about the (anticipated) numbers and more about the message. The hard-won freedom of positive free cash flow should be regarded as something to be preserved rather than exploited – the opposite of what happened the last time oil prices enjoyed an upswing.
One of the things that has weighed especially on Exxon Mobil in the past six months is its plan to raise spending, despite the damage done by earlier big bets to both returns and the stock's traditional premium to peers. The more compelling message for investors these days is that the majors can enjoy the benefits of higher oil prices without letting it go to their heads – like savoring an unexp-ected flute of bubbly rather than downing the bottle in anticipation of a bottomless bar. Something along the lines of Shell's “lower forever” mantra.
That's tough to adhere to at the best of times and especially with discipline of a different kind breaking down elsewhere (read: Saudi Arabia's $100-a-barrel dream). Still, while it may be too soon to hope for the buybacks of yesteryear to return, investors would welcome earnings calls more focused on talking down budgets than talking up oil prices.
The move was announced on the first full day of matches. This U.S. Open warmup has now lost five of the top six players in the men's ranking…
Ben Platt stops by to chat about starring in the off-Broadway production "Dear Evan Hansen," his musical family and more.
Broadway fans are buzzing over the release of a new song by two popular Tony winners in support of the upcoming March for Our Lives.
"Hamilton" creator Lin-Manuel Miranda and Ben Platt, the original star of "Dear Evan Hansen," have recorded a duet called "Found/Tonight,' mixing lyrics from "You Will Be Found" from "Dear Evan Hansen" and "The Story of Tonight" from "Hamilton."
The song was released at midnight on Monday and is No. 1 on the iTunes singles chart.
The multi-city March for Our Lives on March 24 was planned after the Feb. 14 massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
Miranda has been releasing "Hamilton"-related content each month in a series called Hamildrop.
The seemingly endless winter that swept through Canada's Prairies prompted farmers to put their seed and fertilizer purchases on ice.
Wholesale sales of agricultural supplies including feeds, seeds, fertilizers and herbicides fell 17 percent in February, the largest monthly decline since 2011, according to Statistics Canada data released Monday. Parts of Canada's heartland were walloped by above-normal snowfall this winter, with swaths of Alberta and Saskatchewan receiving as much as 1.5 times average precipitation from November to March, according to data from the nation's agriculture ministry.
With wintry weather lasting well into what should have been spring, farmer spending also probably fell in March, said Steve Hansen, a Raymond James analyst in Vancouver. It's harder to say if the trend continued this month since growers have a limited time frame in which to make their purchases, he said.
“A lot of farmers got really cautious with the snow pack that was there not knowing what they're planting and how much they're planting,” Hansen said by telephone. Purchases are “regularly influenced by the weather,” he said. “The question this year is it more abnormal and yes, it's more abnormal from a winter standpoint.”
Canada is the world's top canola grower and one of the biggest wheat exporters. A shortage of rail cars to move grain may have also left some farmers delaying purchases due to cash-flow issues, Hansen said. Growers in some areas have waited months to deliver their crops to elevators before they can get paid. Some of the rail problems have now started to ease, he said.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
STREETSBORO, Ohio — Authorities say a 13-year-old boy has fatally shot his 11-year-old brother in suburban Cleveland, and police are describing the shooting as an apparent "premeditated act."
Streetsboro police say officers were called to a home around 9:30 p.m. Monday. The 11-year-old died at a hospital.
A 13-year-old is facing murder charges after shooting his 11-year old brother in Streetsboro, Ohio, on Monday, police say. WKYC
Police say the 13-year-old has been charged with aggravated murder in Portage County Juvenile Court. Police say the gun used in the slaying was stolen from his grandfather's home.
Police have not said what prompted the teen to shoot his brother.
Streetsboro is roughly 30 miles southeast of downtown Cleveland.
Emmy stars rocked every color of the rainbow Blame it on the unseasonably warm night, but the red carpet turned into a hothouse of color at the 2016 Emmys. The entire spectrum was represented, and at the end...
Billboard Awards steered clear from controversy but also from excitement The Billboard Music Awards 2016 were broadcast live from the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas — though “live” didn't apply to all the performances. The recipient of the Millennium Award,...
Did apology for 'offensive' Asian jokes throw Chris Rock under the bus? According to a source, Chris Rock's Asian skit was rehearsed in front of 100 people before the show and no one had a problem with it.
'Force Awakens' leads MTV Movie Awards nominations It may have been snubbed at the Oscars but the"Star Wars" film gained a leading 11 nominations for the upcoming MTV Movie Awards.
Tina Fey calls out rich Hollywood “Being at the Oscars … Halfway through I was like, 'This is some real Hollywood bulls--t,'” Fey told Howard Stern.
Public Enemy angry Oscars used 'Fight the Power' song “The show can't claim the blackness of Public Enemy's message,” Professor Griff said of the ceremony using the song.
DiGenova has strongly touted Trump's claim that the Russia investigation is tainted by bias, with the lawyer telling Fox News this past January that there is a secret "brazen plot" by the FBI to "illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton and, if she didn't win the election, to then frame Donald Trump with a falsely created crime."
"The motive would be that they didn't like Donald Trump, they didn't think that he was fit to be president, and they were going to do everything within their power to exonerate Hillary Clinton, and if she lost to frame Donald Trump with a false crime, because they didn't think he should be president," diGenova told the network at the time.
The news comes as Mueller was directly targeted by Trump, who called out the special counsel by name for the first time on Twitter over the weekend and Monday.
The president characterized Mueller's Russia investigation as a "WITCH HUNT!” and said the probe "should never have been started" because it was "based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign."
DiGenova declined to comment. The story was first reported by The New York Times.
Women walk past an advertising poster to promote the HBO American fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones outside the International Game of Thrones exhibition in Stockholm on March 11, 2015. According to the television network HBO the fifth season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones will start on April 12, 2015. AFP PHOTO/JONATHAN NACKSTRAND +++ RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE - MANDATORY MENTION OF THE ARTIST UPON PUBLICATION, TO ILLUSTRATE THE EVENT AS SPECIFIED IN THE CAPTION (Photo credit should read JONATHAN NACKSTRAND/AFP/Getty Images)
This program is designed to assist faculty and staff to better serve student veterans and their family members on campus. Attendees will learn about the transition issues veterans face as they leave military service and enter campus life, specific information about Texas Tech's veteran students, and insight about campus and community resources. Green Zone module I must be taken before subsequent training modules can be scheduled. Other modules include: Understanding Benefits, Mental Health, Disability Support Services, Advising Veterans, and Hiring Veterans. Register for this class through the TLPDC website: http://www.depts.ttu.edu/tlpdc, Click on Events, then Register for an Event.
Sixteen months later, St. John's finally has a new full-time athletic director. Anton Goff will be introduced as the new AD at a 4 p.m. press conference Monday, the Queens...
Dave Coley has watched the tapes too many times to count. Eric McAlister has, too. Each season seemed like the season. Each March seemed like the March in which Stony...
Combined Technologies Inc. offers numerous contract packaging services
Libertyville, IL (PRUnderground) February 2nd, 2018
Custom packaging is often what drive sales, particularly in the food industry. Coming up with custom packaging requires a multifaceted approach that includes research, planning, designing, and implementation. There is no need to select a different company for each phase, when Combined Technologies Inc. can handle each step of the process from start to finish.
There are numerous advantages to having one company complete all aspects of contract packaging. First, it ensures consistency at every stage. As such, it eliminates issues that may arise from miscommunications during any point. Those in need of very complex packaging solutions will definitely appreciate this.
Using only one packager helps streamline the process, allowing for quicker turnaround time. This is something that is especially important when coming up with a brand new package design. However, it is equally essential when dealing with packaging for holidays or special promotions. The fact that Combined Technologies is a one-stop shop means that customers have what they need in the right quantities at the exact time it is required.
Clients will also have only one point of contact, which can make resolving problems much easier. No longer will people feel as though they are left uninformed or unsure about how their project is progressing. Buyers can reach out whenever they have questions, and one of the company's knowledgeable representatives will be glad to answer them.
Food service companies must often adhere to very strict guidelines when it comes to quality and safety. By allowing CTI to handle all of their contract packaging needs, these companies will have one less thing to worry about. In many cases, they can eliminate the need to undergo certification themselves, something that can be both time-consuming and expensive. At the same time, the odds of experiencing a recall (something that might negatively affect a company's reputation) are greatly diminished.
Those in need of custom packaging should rely on Combined Technologies, Inc. and their dedicated team of professionals. CTI's experience and dedication to quality makes them a perfect fit for nearly every business. To schedule a consultation, visit ctipack.com and fill out their online form, or drop by the company's headquarters located at 732 Florsheim Drive in Libertyville, IL.
About Combined Technologies Inc.
CTI is a leading contract packaging & fulfillment company in Chicago offering custom packaging, bottling & supply chain services for primary & secondary product packaging.
Blackstone Group LP, the private-equity behemoth that's traditionally raised money from institutions, is making a bigger bet on individual investors.
The $450 billion firm has expanded its private wealth group to about 100 employees, trained thousands of financial advisers on how to pitch Blackstone investments and has been using data to track patterns to generate more business, according to people familiar with the matter. The firm is offering retail clients access to hedge fund products, private real estate investment trusts and longer-term drawdown funds, which are typically limited to institutions.
Private equity firms are looking for new growth areas as their longtime investors start to do more deals without them. Blackstone is leading the charge to tap individual clients, who have historically allocated very small amounts to alternative investments. The New York-based firm sees its retail operation as a huge opportunity, president Jon Gray said on a conference call last week.
Read more about Blackstone's fundraising growth
Joan Solotar, head of the private wealth group, has said about half of the firm's assets could come from individual investors in the next five to 10 years. In the first quarter, $3.4 billion, or 19 percent of the money Blackstone raised, was from retail clients, Solotar said on a media call last week. A non-traded REIT has already raised more than $2 billion since it was launched last year.
“If anyone is going to do this the right way, it's Blackstone,” said Paul Auslander, director of financial planning at ProVise Management Group. But products like the unlisted REITs “aren't going to be the same quality” that the firm would offer institutional clients, he said.
Blackstone has said that it created the REIT with the intention of delivering institutional quality real estate to individual investors for the first time.
Most retail clients are less familiar with private equity investments and may be wary of having their money locked up for years. The investments also come with fees that are higher than traditional mutual funds. So Blackstone is meeting with groups of financial advisers across the U.S. and is bringing some to its New York office for what it calls “Blackstone University” to help them better understand and market the products.
“It's a risk that most financial planners are loathe to take,” said Auslander. “Between the lock up and the fee structure it's not what clients are used to.”
The firm is also offering investments that can be cashed out sooner, like a hedge fund that provides liquidity daily, and a floating-rate loan fund with an option to pull money out monthly, said the people familiar.
An Uber Technologies Inc. self-driving car struck and killed a pedestrian in Arizona in the first known fatality involving an autonomous vehicle, an accident that could stir regulators to action and damage the public perception of the young industry.
In response, Uber on Monday temporarily pulled its self-driving cars off the roads where it has been testing them in four cities. An Uber spokeswoman said the company is investigating the incident and cooperating with authorities.
Police in Tempe, Ariz., said the Uber vehicle was in autonomous mode with a human safety operator at the wheel when it hit 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg on Sunday night while she was walking her bicycle outside of a crosswalk. The woman later died from her injuries, according to a police statement.
While it isn't clear yet whether Uber's vehicle was at fault in the accident, the fatality confirmed the fears of those who have warned for several years that someone would eventually die from driverless cars. Tempe police at a news conference Monday said the vehicle was traveling nearly 40 mph at the time of the accident in a 35 mile-per-hour zone and didn't initially show any signs of slowing; the Uber operator in the car wasn't impaired, they said.
An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com
Popular at WSJ.com
North Korea to meet for talks with U.S., South Korean delegations in Helsinki
The next housing crisis: A historic shortage of new homes
Car Seat Headrest have announced a slew of new North American concerts for September, which follow previously announced West Coast dates and a European tour. The new leg begins in Minneapolis September 5 and winds through the Midwest, East Coast, and Canada, before wrapping up in Kansas City September 28.
In February, Car Seat Headrest released a rerecorded version of Twin Fantasy, a fan-favorite album that frontman Will Toledo originally self-recorded and released on Bandcamp in 2011.
See the full dates below.
05-08 Brooklyn, NY – Market Hotel
05-16 Dublin, Ireland – Olympia Theatre
05-18 Glasgow, Scotland – O2 ABC
05-19 Liverpool, England – Invisible Wind Factory
05-21 Cambridge, England – The Junction 2
05-22 Bristol, England – SWX
05-23 London, England – Roundhouse
05-25 Brussels, Belgium – Ancienne Belgique
05-26 Paris, France – Le Trabendo
05-28 Amsterdam, Netherlands – Paradiso
05-29 Koln, Germany – Kantine
05-30 Hamburg, Germany – Uebel & Gefährlich
05-31 Berlin, Germany – Festsaal Kreuzberg
06-02 Barcelona, Spain – Primavera Sound
07-07 Des Moines, IA – 80/35 Festival
07-09 Québec City, Québec- Festival d'Ete International de Quebec
07-12-14 Carnation, WA – Timber! Outdoor Music Festival
07-13 Vancouver, British Columbia – Commodore Ballroom
07-15 Portland, OR – McMenamin's Crystal Ballroom
07-17 San Francisco, CA – The Fillmore
07-18 San Francisco, CA – The Fillmore
07-21 Los Angeles, CA – FYF Fest
07-22 Las Vegas, NV – Bunkhouse
07-23 Tucson, AZ – 191 Toole
07-24 Phoenix, AZ – The Van Buren
07-27 Boulder, CO – Fox Theatre
07-28 Englewood, CO – Gothic Theatre
07-30 Salt Lake City, UT – Urban Lounge
09-05 Minneapolis, MN – First Avenue
09-06 Madison, WI – Majestic Theatre
09-07 Chicago, IL – Vic Theatre
09-08 Detroit, MI – Majestic Theatre
09-09 Columbus, OH – Newport Music Hall
09-11 Toronto, Ontario – The Danforth Music Hall
09-12 Montreal, Québec – Corona Theatre
09-13 Boston, MA – Royale
09-14 New York, NY – Brooklyn Steel
09-15 New York, NY – Brooklyn Steel
09-18 Philadelphia, PA – Union Transfer
09-19 Washington DC – 9:30 Club
09-21 Carrboro, NC – Cat's Cradle
09-22 Asheville, NC – Orange Peel
09-24 Atlanta, GA – Variety Playhouse
09-27 St. Louis, MO – Delmar Hall
09-28 Kansas City, MO – Crossroads
11-10 Weissenhauser Strand, Germany – Rolling Stone Weekender
11-17 Rust, Germany – Rolling Stone Park
The rally in small-cap stocks that's caught investors' attention is being driven by gains in “junk” shares, but over the long term, investors still need to focus on quality and value for solid returns, according to WisdomTree analysts.
The small-cap Russell 2000 index RUT, -0.12% is up 11% year to date, much of that gain—6%, coming in September. The small-cap index rose even as earnings picture for the sector deteriorated, with analysts penciling in a decline in earnings for the third quarter.
By comparison, the S&P 500 index of large-cap stocks SPX, -0.11% which is up 14% year to date, has been climbing the entire year, supported by solid earnings growth, improving global economy and easy monetary conditions along with low interest rates and low inflation. A weaker dollar has also provided a tailwind for large multinational companies.
Read: Why rising optimism should make stock-market investors nervous
But small-cap stocks, after lagging most of the year, have almost caught up with the S&P 500. The surge for the Russell 2000 began in early September after the Trump administration and congressional leaders began working out the details of the proposed tax reform.
The rally in small stocks is not surprising. After all, small companies, which currently have higher effective tax rates, would benefit the most if corporate tax rates were cut. Small companies would also benefit as repatriation of cash under the reform could spur mergers and acquisitions.
What is surprising, however, is what kind of companies rallied so far this year.
According to WisdomTree, the Russell 2000's non-dividend payers returned 18.7% year-to-date, while shares of companies with negative earnings returned 21.7%, and the companies in the lowest return on equity quartile returned 22.7%, twice the return of the underlying index.
In other words the junkiest small companies are outshining their higher quality peers.
In 2016, the pictures was the complete opposite, as seen in the chart below.
Within investing styles, growth, which focuses on companies that are expected to see rising profits, beat value, which focuses on companies whose shares are thought to have been overly discounted, by a wide margin in 2017. The Russell 2000 Growth Index is up 18%, while the Russell 2000 Value Index is lagging with a 5% year-to-date gain.
Christopher Gannatti, associate director of research at WisdomTree, cautioned in a recent note to investors against reading too much into the short-term gains by “junk” stocks.
“Because over the long haul there isn't yet a known premium to non-dividend payers, negative earners or low ROEs, we are confident that the tide will turn back, and people should be ready to position for any positive surprises in President Trump's tax agenda that may occur in the fourth quarter of 2017 or even in early 2018,” Gannatti said.
Investing in small-caps can be trying for the risk-averse due to higher volatility. For example, the Russell 2000 fell 27% from peak to trough between December 2015 and February 2016, while the S&P 500 fell about 15% during the same period.
The assumption that small stocks have higher risk-adjusted returns due to the small-size effect is also misguided, according to Ben Johnson, director of global ETF researches at Morningstar.
“Since the small-cap effect was documented in the early 1980s, small-caps have in aggregate underperformed large caps,” Johnson said.
Analysts at AQR found that a significant size premium does still exist for small stocks, but only after controlling for quality.
An index that excludes “junk” stocks while keeping only companies with consistent profits, clean balance sheet and responsible investment policies, outperforms large-cap stocks over the long term.
WisdomTree Director of Research, Jeremy Schwartz said that small-cap stocks should be a part of a portfolio, but investors should be more discriminate when it comes to choosing funds tracking the most popular indexes, such as the Russell 2000.
“Screening for quality and value is still the best option over the long term,” Schwartz said. “Russell 2000 has largely been a momentum trade as a big chunk of the gains came from technology and biotechs stocks.”
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Leave it to Bandai Namco to try and squeeze every single nickel they can out of their aging Pac-Man property. Their latest release PAC-MAN Hats 2 is the sequel to the now defunct PAC-MAN Hats and is a free-to-play gacha game that has you collecting unique hats. These hats contain special powers that will help you gain an advantage over on the many ghosts chasing you as you munch down every last Pac-Dot scattered throughout each stage.
While some of Bandai Namco's Pac-Man releases have been pretty solid (just take a look at PAC-MAN CE DX or Ms. PAC-MAN), the others are simply free-to-play cash grabs that monetize the core concept of the game in intrusive ways. PAC-MAN Hats 2 is no different in this regard as it not only contains gacha draws for the multiple currencies found in the game, but it also includes a stamina system as well as a standard Pac-Man mode where you have to spend one of those in-game currencies on every session of play.
The meat of the gameplay is found in the adventure mode and follows with the basics of any Pac-Man game where you want to clear the board of Pac-Dots, but you will be utilizing unique hats to help you stave off the many ghosts chasing after you. The funny thing is, these hats are not earned through the game's gacha draws as you would expect, but are actually picked up in specific set stages in the adventure mode. This leaves the loot-boxes free to be used for earning in-game currency and upgrades for those newfound hats.
This adventure mode is broken up into stages, with each one containing an objective other than clearing the board. Things such as eating a certain amount of ghosts or earning a particularly high score will net you an even better loot-box after completing the stage.
What is interesting is that some stages will have environmental sections where you can hide from ghosts. When using these environmental advantages along with the special powers of your chosen hat you can plan out your path of attack in advance. This gives the game a bit of strategy not normally found in the standard base Pac-Man gameplay.
Now, it is worth pointing out that PAC-MAN Hats 2 is currently a beta release. So it's unclear exactly how the game will be monetized as the in-app purchases are not yet implemented. But the fact that there are loot-boxes, a stamina system, and multiple currencies makes it pretty clear how it will turn out.
For the most part, PAC-MAN Hats 2 contains a lot of the core gameplay we are used to with a few differing tweaks that helps it set itself up as a free-to-play release. As of now, these new mechanics do not get in the way thanks to the in-app purchases not yet being turned on, but once they are I am sure there will be a real push to get players to open up their wallets in order to keep the gameplay balanced.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says she developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having her kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer.
She said she was told at the time that the mistake was no one's fault and that “medicine is not an exact science.”
Sharon Marson, who now lives in New Brunswick, attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her, and The Ottawa Hospital. Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them, but her lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because she waited too long to pursue it.
Marson's surgery was in August 2000. For most lawsuits, the claim must be issued within two years. Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015.
She said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “I have been the victim of medical malpractice.” Until then, she said, she was not aware there had been malpractice.
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of her service in the armed forces. Tests done after the exam found a “shadow” on her right kidney and she was referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy.
He ordered a series of tests. Based on those, he concluded she had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and her ureter be surgically removed, to which she agreed.
In August 2000, during a post-op consultation, Leahy told her the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was, in fact, benign and that she had a kidney infection and scarring, not cancer.
“Following my nephrectomy, I was told that the pathology report, much to Dr. Leahy's surprise, was not cancer. I had been misdiagnosed. I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue, for which I had had not one symptom,” she said in a court document.
According to court documents, Marson stated that after surgery she had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “false positive result” for cancer and that “tests can be wrong, but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted.”
He added, “Medicine is not an exact science.”
At the time, she said, several people encouraged her to launch a lawsuit, but she declined.
It was only when she was applying for a disability pension, she said, that she read the entire medical file and was struck by an “inconsistency” between what the doctor told her and her husband after the surgery and what the records said.
At the heart of her concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery, which was negative for cancer. Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening. Marson argued that further testing should have been done, in light of that result, before her kidney was removed.
“He never explained to me that he should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and he maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life.”
In court testimony, Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery. He also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to his diagnosis.
Marson, meanwhile, who had been working as a supply technician, said she left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD.
When she underwent a medical exam as part of her release from the military later in 2000, she talked about the misdiagnoses as part of her reason.
“I now know that, at all material times, I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment.” It was only after receiving treatment for them that she was capable of commencing legal action, she said, which is why she waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings.
“I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state.”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment. The Ottawa Hospital released this statement: “The Court was clear in its decision in this case. The hospital cannot speak on behalf of other parties.”
epayne@postmedia.com
Mindy Kaling back to work a month after giving birth “I think she can handle anything,” he said of Kaling juggling a baby and working.
The worst TV bombs of 2017 As we near the end of the calendar year, it's time to reflect on the preceding 12 months in prime time — including shows that gave it their all but...
Catcher Eric Fryer on Lance Lynn supposedly being “extra crusty” before the game: “Gotta get him cranky a little more often, right?”
More FOX Sports Midwest Videos Yeo on Blues win: ‘We know there's … more work to be done' Schwartz on Blues win: ‘We do a good job of being in the moment' Pietrangelo describes Allen as ‘fantastic' and ‘lights out' Parayko ‘just trying to get something towards the net' on Blues goal Allen ‘not fazed' by amount of Wild shots WATCH: Gyorko, Piscotty homer in Cardinals' loss to Yankees More FOX Sports Midwest Videos
By Josh Dawsey and John Wagner | Washington Post
WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump's lawyer Rudolph Giuliani said Tuesday that Trump will not agree to an interview with the special counsel until prosecutors allow the president's legal team to review documents related to the FBI's use of an informant to interact with members of Trump's 2016 campaign.
“We need all the documents before we can decide whether we are going to do an interview,” Giuliani said in an interview with The Washington Post, using Trump's term “spygate” to refer to the FBI actions, which former officials have said were well within bounds.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Giuliani's latest demand further ratcheted up the pressure that Trump and his lawyers are trying to place on special counsel Robert Mueller's team as his investigation into alleged coordination between Trump's campaign and Russia reaches a key juncture.
Earlier Tuesday, Trump lashed out at the “rigged Russia Witch Hunt” on Twitter, casting Mueller's probe as partisan and saying it could amount to “MEDDLING” in this year's midterm elections to the detriment of Republicans.
Giuliani has previously said that Trump has done nothing improper and is eager to talk to Mueller. On Tuesday, though, he said, he doesn't want to make a call on whether Trump will sit down for an interview “until they decide whether they are going to give us the documents or not.”
Under pressure from the White House and congressional Republicans, the Justice Department last week held an unusual pair of briefings for lawmakers on the FBI's use of the informant, whom Trump has repeatedly cast as a “spy” implanted in his campaign.
There is no evidence to suggest that the source, former University of Cambridge professor Stefan Halper, was inserted into the campaign, as the president has suggested, but he did seek out and meet Trump several campaign advisers.
Giuliani said Tuesday that Mueller's attempts to interview Trump indicated that his probe of possible coordination between Russia and the campaign are nearing its end.
“I don't think they would have asked to interview him until they are pretty much finished with everything,” Giuliani said. “They're only going to get one shot at him. They know that. You look pretty amateurish if you interview him and you don't have all the facts gathered.”
Asked why Trump has spent so much time attacking the Mueller probe – the president has fired off a dozen tweets in recent days – Giuliani said the tactic is working.
“As an effective politician, you're not going to do something that you don't think is working,” Giuliani said.
A Long Island teen has been arrested in the stabbing death of his mother, police sya.
Jacob Beechem, 18, is accused of stabbing his mother, 47-year-old Donette Beechem, inside their Coram home during an argument Wednesday morning.
Donette Beechem was pronounced dead at the scene.
Jacob, who fell out of a window as he tried to run away from the Steven Place home, was taken to Stony Brook Hospital to be treated, police said.
He's been charged with second-degree murder and will be arraigned at a later date. It wasn't clear if he had an attorney.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Niccolò Ciatti lived outside Florence but had been working at a market in the city
Three Russian men in their twenties have been detained on suspicion of beating to death a young Italian in the Spanish resort of Lloret de Mar.
Niccolò Ciatti, 22, was knocked to the ground and footage circulating on Spanish media showed a man kicking him in the head. He died later in hospital.
Police in the Costa Brava later arrested the three suspects on the seafront.
The men were due to appear in court on Monday accused of murder.
Ciatti, who lived near Florence, had been on holiday with friends at Lloret de Mar and went to the St Trop nightclub on Friday night.
One of his friends told Italian media that his attackers had targeted him and the kick had left him unconscious. "They were like animals," he said.
He complained that bystanders did nothing to intervene but stood around filming the attack on their mobile phones.
According to Spanish media, the Russian suspects had been living in France where they had sought political asylum.
Everyone is welcome to join in the celebration! Dresden's Subway is proudly celebrating their First Year Anniversary.
“We would like to celebrate our anniversary by thanking the community and offering a BOGO event Saturday Feb 18,” says co-owner Martin McCready.
“When you buy any 6” or 12” sub with a medium drink you get the 2nd of equal or lesser value free. The sale runs from 11am to 7pm only at our Dresden location, 438 St. George Street.”
“There will be prizes and giveaways throughout the day, and bring the kids to meet the Subway Monkey and take a photo.”
Subway is the world's biggest restaurant chain today, they have been building custom sandwiches and salads since 1965. Dave McCready and his nephew Martin, continue to be a proud and active part of growing the successful chain throughout Chatham-Kent.
Born and raised in Wallaceburg, Dave realized how much he enjoyed the food at Subway and opened his first location 24 years ago in the community he grew up in. His first employee was his nephew Martin, then age 14. Dave gradually added four more Subway locations in Chatham on Keil Drive, Queen Street, Grand Avenue, and St. Clair Street. It officially became a family business when Martin joined the venture full time.
“On February 12th, 2016 my aunt and uncle gave me the most amazing gift when they let me become partner on their sixth location in the beautiful community of Dresden,” reveals Martin.
“We would like to thank the community of Dresden and surrounding area for letting us feel so welcomed,” explains McCready.
Creating seven local jobs in Dresden and supporting local sports teams, community charities and organizations throughout Chatham-Kent are important to the McCready's.
Subway serves food made with fresh bread, healthy vegetables, quality meats and tasty sauces. “We love being part of the franchise that thinks fresh in everything it does,” admits Martin.
Due to popular demand the Crispy Chicken sandwich is back as a full-time menu item, alongside all sandwiches offered. But Subway is more than just sandwiches, they offer salads and soups.
“We are open everyday Monday thru Friday at 7am for anyone looking for breakfast,” notes McCready. “We offer free coffee with the purchase of any breakfast sandwich. Breakfast is available all day long. We are open until Midnight Monday thru Saturday, and 10pm on Sunday's.”
Subway Catering is the perfect choice to help feed your guests, whether it be a birthday party, sports gathering, office meeting, school event, you name it. Party platters, and giant subs measuring three and six feet long are customized to satisfy any crowd. “Give us 24 hours' advance notice on your catering order and we'll give you a 15% discount,” Martin says.
“If it wasn't for Chatham-Kent supporting us we wouldn't have these six locations. For us it's all about thanking the community and giving back as much as we can,” remarks McCready.
“We hope to see everyone Saturday February 18th at 438 St. George Street, in Dresden to celebrate our 1-year anniversary.” For more information; visit https://goo.gl/vZWbXR
This story was created by Content Works, Postmedia's commercial content division, on behalf of a client.
The majority leader of the North Dakota House says amendments he's proposed would provide proper legislative oversight of a large pool of money.
On Monday, the Government Operations Division recommended approval of amendments from Rep. Al Carlson, R-Fargo, into the PERS budget bill House Bill 1023, which now goes to the full committee for consideration.
Proposed changes also would include incorporating three members of the advisory board to serve as non-voting members on the Employee Benefits Programs Committee, which would have final say on matters related to PERS.
"It's changing the governance of who they're responsible to," said Carlson, adding the Legislature appropriates money and they should have control over a large pot of money that impacts tens of thousands of people.
The changes to HB1023 would eliminate several contracting duties for the PERS board. The board is able to enter agreements with school districts and city police departments for participation in PERS, as well as other political subdivisions. The board chairman also signs uniform group insurance contracts.
Carlson said the advisory committee would provide "a tie to the employees" in which they can review matters and make recommendations to the legislative committee.
House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jeff Delzer, R-Underwood, who expected the committee to act on HB1023 as soon as Wednesday, said compromises on the bill may take place late in the session.
The amendments aren't the only changes Carlson has proposed for PERS.
One bill he introduced, House Bill 1406, would require the medical coverage contracts to be for two years and begin in January of even-numbered years. It would also not allow for a contract to be signed unless it's in line with what the Legislature approved for benefits in the most recent session.
Another, House Bill 1407, relates to contracts for medical benefits and prescription drug coverage.
PERS Director Sparb Collins said he hadn't yet had time to digest the 84-page set of amendments, many pages of which consist of changes to references to the office in state statute.
"At this point, we're going to start working through the amendments," Collins said.
It's not the first time significant changes have been proposed to the PERS budget.
During the 2015 session, the House passed its version of the PERS budget with amendments that would ensure equal coverage when the state changed carriers from Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Dakota to Sanford Health Plan that summer.
The Senate at that time disagreed with the amendments and the Legislature adjourned sine die in late April before coming back in June to hammer out a compromise on the PERS budget.
Included in the budget deal at that time was increasing the PERS board's membership to nine, adding two lawmakers to the board to provide more input and oversight.
NCC Boss, Danbatta advocates responsible, ethical use of social media
The Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC, Prof. Umar Danbatta, has called on all Nigerians “to take advantage of the social media platforms to exchange information and participate in the political, social and economic processes of our country in ways that promote peace and enable us to build a more united and […]
NCC Boss, Danbatta advocates responsible, ethical use of social media
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Spring football has come and gone, and we are now in the midst of an arduous, four-and-a-half month wait for the 2018 college football season to kick off. To help get everyone through the offseason...
LISBON, Portugal — FC Porto beat Braga 3-1 to move back in front in the Portuguese league race on Saturday.
Porto remained unbeaten in all 20 rounds as it took a two-point lead over Sporting Lisbon and Benfica, which won 5-1 over Rio Ave.
Porto left back Alex Telles assisted on all three of his team's goals.
Telles passed for Sergio Oliveira's header before Raul Melo da Silva levelled for Braga.
Telles then set up Diego Reyes and Vincent Aboubakar to score with headers.
Braga remained in fourth place, nine points behind Porto.
Benfica got all five of its goals in the second half, starting with Jardel in the 49th. Pizzi Fernandes, Jonas, Ruben Dias and Raul Jimenez all added strikes.
Sporting visits Estoril on Sunday.
Video
Actresses open up about sexual harassment in Bollywood and why more women haven't spoken out.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
A new basketball-playing robot in Japan may not be the biggest player on the court, but it sure can shoot.
Known as "CUE," the six-foot-three-inch bot sinks free throws with 100 percent accuracy — 10 out of 10 — in a fun new video released on March 14 (see below). That's way better than the current NBA average of 77 percent — and even better than the record of Stephen Curry, whose 90.3 percent career average is tops among active players in the league.
CUE was created by the Toyota Engineering Society and wears #70 on the Toyota-sponsored Alvark Tokyo team in Japan. The ball-playing robot — inspired by a manga character — squats, aims, and springs upward to release the ball, just like a flesh-and-blood player. And like other players, it owes its accuracy in part to repetition. CUE practiced shooting 200,000 times, using artificial intelligence to hone its form, Japanese news outlet Asahi Shimbun reported.
Shooter CUE will wear a number 70 jersey and play as shooting guard. Standing at 190cm, or 6ft 3in, CUE is shorter than the average NBA player (6ft 7in) but shoots with better accuracy, landing "100 percent" of its shots. Alvark Tokyo
Though CUE is listed as a shooting guard, the bot is unlikely to get a lot of game time — at least if the video is any indication. In it, CUE doesn't move about or even shift its feet, which are planted on a metal platform.
But CUE will get another chance to show off its shooting prowess on March 28, during halftime at an Alvark Tokyo game in Tokyo.
If CUE wins, the team tweeted out a challenge to go head-to-head with Curry or NBA great Shaquille O'Neal.
Montego Bay, Jamaica – As Jamaica seeks investments to further develop the country's infrastructure, JAMPRO and the Development Bank of Jamaica (DBJ) in collaboration with the Urban Development Corporation (UDC) and National Water Commission (NWC), hosted an investment briefing today, December 11, 2017 in Montego Bay at the 2nd Caribbean Infrastructure Forum (CARIF 2017).
The briefing targeted over 40 investors to promote Jamaican investment projects in infrastructure.
The event presented projects such as the redevelopment of Downtown Kingston, projects to develop Jamaica's logistics sector, and potential investments in real estate to the investors who are in the island to explore Caribbean business opportunities.
The government partners said the investments aimed to improve not only Jamaica's infrastructure, but to promote economic and social development to meet Jamaica's goals for Vision 2030. The partners are collaborating to bring more investments into the infrastructure sector, which is crucial to growing other industries and Jamaica's capacity to expand its economy.
Presentations focusing on the Urban Renewal of Downtown Kingston, Improving Jamaica's Water Infrastructure and Investing in Jamaica were made by Dr. Damian Graham, General Manager of the UDC, Mark Barnett, President of the National Water Commission and Ricardo Durrant, Senior Manager of Sales and Promotions at JAMPRO respectively. The audience included investors from North America, the Caribbean and Europe.
Diane Edwards, President of JAMPRO, explained that the Agency was heavily promoting infrastructure for development in addition to its work with logistics, as part of its new approach to promoting Jamaica for investments. She said, “Jamaica needs a holistic investment strategy to ensure that all sectors can grow synergistically in a sustainable way. We must not only bring investments in booming sectors like BPO and tourism, but we must improve the infrastructure that underpins these sectors. This partnership with the UDC and DBJ and other linkage and project generation initiatives are all part of JAMPRO's new holistic approach to promoting investments that not only attract new projects, but develop the ecosystem and hard and soft business infrastructure so that more local players can enjoy the benefits of these investments.”
Hosted by New Energy Events and Euromoney Group, CARIF 2017 is a central forum to address and promote the need for substantial investment in infrastructure in the Caribbean. The Jamaica Promotions Corporation's (JAMPRO) mission is to drive economic development through growth in investment and export. JAMPRO is an Agency of the Ministry of Economic Growth and Job Creation.
The introduction of CinematicColor in BenQ's latest projectors guarantees the precise reproduction of Rec. 709 and DCI-P3 colour gamuts. Each projector is factory-calibrated
The goal for most discerning home theatre connoisseur is simple: be able to appreciate a film exactly as faithfully to the director's vision as possible. BenQ says its CinematicColor technology, included in the CineHome, CinePrime, and CinePro home cinema projectors does exactly that. CinematicColor is, according to the company, a sophisticated colour engine that meets the film industry's highest standards of cinematic colour accuracy.
“Our long-standing conviction is that only true colours can convey real feelings such as sorrow, joy, romance, and thrills,” said Conway Lee, President of BenQ Corporation. “CinematicColor evokes deep emotions by perfectly preserving the precise colours of the original cinematic content.”
As the only brand in the world to introduce CinematicColor guaranteeing the accurate colour performance certified by an individual factory colour calibration report, BenQ engineers hold dual certifications from THX and ISF to ensure full 100% Rec. 709 colour perfection. BenQ CinePro models go even further, achieving the digital cinema industry's vast DCI-P3 colour gamut.
According to the company, CinematicColor Technology starts at the origin of light, where BenQ utilizes new leading-edge light sources with strict waveform analysis for perfect colour temperature. Controlling this light with ultimate precision, BenQ projectors' opto-mechanical structure is sealed with special heat-resistant matte black paint to eliminate light overflow and achieve superb ANSI contrast performance for deeply detailed images.
Utilizing reference wavelengths at the nanometer level, BenQ engineers painstakingly pursued the ideal balance of colour accuracy and brightness in formulating the precise combinations of wheel angle and coatings for the RGBRGB colour wheel, achieving the perfect colour performance of CinematicColor Technology.
Each BenQ CinematicColor projector is rigorous tested and calibrated for accurate D65 colour temperature, gamma, black level, white level, neutral grey, hue, saturation, and brightness of RGBCMY colour tacking from all inputs, imposing the highest quality standards in the industry.
All BenQ CineHome and CinePrime home projector models fully meet ITU-R Recommendation BT.709 (Rec. 709), the internationally accepted objective colour standard for high definition video. High-end CinePro models exceed Rec. 709 to reach the American digital film industry's significantly wider DCI-P3 colour gamut.
Follow the link to know more about BenQ home cinema projectors.
Was This Post Helpful:
Applications are now open for the 2018 series of The Great British Bake Off.
If you are brilliant with brioche, marvellous with meringue or super with sponge, then why not put your baking skills to the test?
Producers of the show - which controversially moved to Channel 4 from the BBC ahead of the last series - are looking for a fresh batch of brilliant, amateur bakers to ‘dough' battle and enter the tent for the ninth series of The Great British Bake Off.
Channel 4 confirmed earlier this month that Prue Leith, Paul Hollywood, Noel Fielding and Sandi Toksvig will return to front the show next year.
“If you or someone you know, is ready to sieve the dream,” say the producers, “then why not take a whisk and apply now?”
Deadline for all applications is Sunday, January 7 2018.
You can apply online at www.applyforbakeoff.co.uk, phone 0207 067 4837 or email applyforbakeoff@loveproductions.co.uk
0:45 Cam Newton makes young fan's wish come true Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
BAGHDAD — A suicide bomber blew up his explosives-laden vehicle Monday in a bustling market area in Baghdad, killing at least 22 people, Iraqi officials said, hours after the arrival of French President Francois Hollande to the country and amid a fierce fight against the Islamic State group.
The bomber driving a pickup truck attacked an outdoor fruit and vegetable market, day laborers and a police checkpoint in Baghdad's eastern Sadr City district, a police officer said. Up to 35 other people were wounded in that attack, he said, adding that the death toll was expected to rise.
Two medical officials confirmed the casualty figures. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to release information.
In an online statement, the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the attack, saying it targeted Shiites. The Associated Press could not verify the authenticity of the statements, but they were posted on a militant website commonly used by the extremists. The group also claimed responsibility for Saturday's suicide attack in a central Baghdad market, which killed at least 28 people, and Sunday's suicide bombing at a checkpoint south of Baghdad that killed at least nine people.
Late last month, Iraqi authorities started removing some of the security checkpoints in Baghdad, mainly on its eastern side, in a bid to ease traffic for the capital's approximately 6 million residents.
During a press conference with Hollande, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the bomber pretended to be a man seeking to hire day laborers; once the laborers gathered around, he detonated the vehicle. Al-Abadi warned that the “terrorists will further try to hit civilians to make up for the losses” they have suffered on the battlefield.
“We are determined to annihilate terrorism and we are able to shorten its age,” he said, calling on security forces and civilians to remain vigilant.
Hollande, during his one-day visit, met with al-Abadi and President Fuad Masum. He was scheduled later to travel to the country's self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet French troops and local officials.
Iraqi troops, backed by a US-led coalition, are fighting IS in a massive operation to retake the northern city of Mosul. Iraqi state TV said Hollande will discuss “increasing support to Iraq and the latest developments in the fight against Daesh,” the Arabic acronym for IS.
In quotes published by the Elysee official Twitter account, Hollande promised that France would remain a long-term ally of Iraq and called for coordination between intelligence services “in a spirit of great responsibility.”
France is part of the US-led international coalition formed in late 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria and declared an Islamic “caliphate.” France has suffered multiple terrorist attacks claimed by IS.
Hollande, on Twitter, said Iraq was in a precarious position two years ago, when IS made its blitz. But now the tide has turned. “The results are there: Daesh is in retreat and the battle of Mosul is engaged.”
Since the Mosul operation started on Oct. 17, Iraqi forces have seized around a quarter of the city. Last week, the troops resumed fighting after a two-week lull due to stiff resistance by the militants, bad weather and thousands of civilians trapped in their houses.
In an interview with the Associated Press on Sunday, the senior US military commander, Brig. Gen. Rick Uribe, praised the Iraqi forces fighting mainly on the eastern side of the city, saying they were “at their peak.” Uribe agreed with al-Abadi's assessment that it would take another three months to liberate Mosul.
He predicted the troops would face a different fight when they cross to the west bank of the Tigris River, saying it will mostly be a “dismounted” battle fought in part on narrow streets, some of which were not wide enough for a vehicle to pass.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, is located about 360 kilometers (225 miles) northwest of Baghdad. While the Syrian city of Raqqa is considered the caliphate's de facto capital, Mosul is the largest city under its control. It is the last major IS urban stronghold in Iraq.
LOS ANGELES — A gunshot that went off in a Los Angeles middle school classroom on Thursday, hitting two students, was accidentally discharged from inside a girl's backpack, Los Angeles police said Friday.
A 12-year-old girl was booked on a charge of negligent discharge of a firearm after the shooting, police had said Thursday.
- Advertisement -
On Friday, LAPD Deputy Chief Robert Arcos told NBC News that evidence appeared to point to the weapon discharging once from within the bookbag — but he noted that investigators continue to examine evidence and interview witnesses.
The girl suspected of possessing the weapon was not identified due to being a juvenile. It's not clear why she had a gun in her backpack or how she got it. Arcos told NBC News the girl's parents are cooperating with investigators.
The gunfire erupted just before 9 a.m. PT at Salvador Castro Middle School, just west of downtown Los Angeles.
A 15-year-old boy who was shot in the head was in critical condition, and a 15-year-old girl who was shot in the arm was listed as stable, Los Angeles police said late Thursday. Los Angeles County-University of Southern California Medical Center said both were expected to make full recoveries.
Three others — a 30-year-old female staff member at the school and two other students, an 11-year-old boy and a 12-year-old girl — suffered superficial face and head injuries, police said.
Police recovered a semiautomatic handgun and described the shooting as an isolated incident involving negligence.
Jordan Valenzuela, a schoolmate of the girl in custody, told the Associated Press that she later said it was an accident.
The sobbing girl told him: “I didn't mean to. I had the gun in my backpack and I didn't know it was loaded and my backpack fell and the gun went off,'” the seventh-grader said.
Jordan, 15, later told the AP that the girl sat at the desk with her hands covering her face after the incident, and then she asked him to hide the backpack with the gun in it.
“I said ‘No,'” Jordan told the AP. “Then I moved away from her because I was a little bit scared.”
“She doesn't do bad things, she just stays quiet,” he added.
Parents pick up their children at Salvadore Castro Middle School in Los Angeles on Thursday after two students were wounded by gunfire at the school. Frederic J. Brown / AFP – Getty Images
Steven Zipperman, chief of the Los Angeles School Police department, called the incident “very traumatic” for the kids in the classroom.
“One of the main missions we will have is the issue of finding out how a young person had access to a weapon,” Zipperman said Thursday. “I assure you, if it came from an adult in a home, that the proper prosecutorial procedure will occur.”
Andrew Blankstein reported from Los Angeles. Elizabeth Chuck reported from New York.
CASINO
The only thing harder than buying when you're scared is selling when you're happy. US regional gaming stocks are at or near all-time highs or at least decade highs, and there is no compelling reason to assume they will keep going higher, future mergers notwithstanding. There has been no compelling fundamental reason why they have skyrocketed so quickly and as high as they have either. I understand 20%, 40%, or even 50% higher in a year or two, but doubling is a bit much. It looks to be a case of trend followers piling on top of trend followers.
Penn National Gaming (PENN), Pinnacle Entertainment (PNK), and Boyd Gaming (BYD) have all skyrocketed over the last 12-18 months. This could theoretically make sense if all three were in store for a decade or more of uninterrupted growth and smooth sailing for the US economy from here, but that's not going to happen. All three of them have been extremely volatile on the way up, which means they are more likely to be extremely volatile on the way down, and the way down is coming this year it looks like.
Penn in particular has already fallen 25% since topping, and stock market trouble has barely started. Penn's fall hasn't been much though compared to the spectacular rise since November 2016 when the stock was trading at around $12. We're still 130% above those levels, which tells you how crazy these stocks have been.
Taking a look at the three individually, Penn's EBITDA is down 24% since bottoming in 2016, and with inflation climbing and debt service already eclipsing operating profit, without organic top line growth its bottom line is going to stagnate at best. While Penn's debt situation has improved since spinning off its real estate, it doesn't justify a doubling, even with a Pinnacle merger pending.
As for Pinnacle, it has quadrupled since February 2016 and it is unlikely to go substantially higher because the merger price has already been set. It has resisted the fall in the S&P up to now and price is coiling very tightly between $30 and $32 ever since volatility returned to stocks in February. Since a price is already agreed upon between the Pinnacle and Penn, there won't be much movement here until after the merger is completed.
Fundamentally on its own, if not for the Trump tax cuts, Pinnacle's bottom line would be about 20% below where it was in 2015. Perhaps Penn is paying too high a price then. While there is growth in Pinnacle, it doesn't justify a quadrupling in its stock price.
As for Boyd, it is probably the most fundamentally sound of the three. It has decent growth that sort of justifies its 150% climb since February and it is the only one of the three that has yet to break all-time highs sent pre-2008. It is also the only one of the three with a dividend. Debt is not a significant problem until 2021 at the earliest, but on the downside it is the most volatile of the three. Especially after the Penn Pinnacle merger, it will be more isolated and possibly even more volatile than before.
Before anyone considers buying any of these sky-high valuations, consider what happened to these stocks in 2008. Penn lost 66% from top to bottom, Pinnacle 80%, and Boyd over 90%. Another downturn in the US and something similar can happen again. We can get a good idea if there is any serious threat of this by tracking the movement in Penn shares when the Penn/Pinnacle merger goes through in the second half of this year. It should go through by then considering that the Illinois Gaming Board just gave the green light for it last week.
A buy-the-rumor sell-the-fact type of situation is quite possible here, where traders line up to sell Penn once the merger with Pinnacle is finalized thinking that there will be many buyers because of the completed merger. The move is expected to benefit both companies by yielding $100M in cost savings within two years. Even though the merger looks like a good idea for all parties, I don't think it will be enough to propel the combined company to new highs consistently, at least not in the near future.
By the second half of this year, considering tightening monetary conditions, US stocks should be falling across the board and all three regional gaming stocks should be well off their highs along with the S&P 500 and the Dow. Unless the indexes clearly break to new highs really soon, it looks like the top for the year is in.
What the regional gaming stocks will be good for is on the way back up. While not in picture perfect health, they should all survive the next recession, though battered, and then climb back up to around current levels. Assuming they can continue to keep their debts manageable, they should all be good gainers once the worst is over.
Comments
LONDON (AP) — Will Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang leave Borussia Dortmund for Arsenal? Will Riyad Mahrez move to Manchester City?
It's the final day of Europe's transfer window and there are potentially some big deals to be finalized, especially in the Premier League, where clubs have already spent a record amount in January.
The most significant transfer could see Aubameyang join Arsenal for a reported 64.5 million euros ($80 million) in a move that would have a domino effect, with Dortmund needing a replacement and Arsenal looking to offload striker Oliver Giroud.
Man City broke its transfer record to sign Aymeric Laporte for $80 million on Tuesday and could surpass that a day later if the Premier League leaders succeed in bringing in Mahrez from Leicester.
No major signings are expected in Spain or France.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Wigan coach Shaun Wane says Sam Tomkins has been in a “shocking place” over his long road to recovery as he prepares for his comeback this weekend – but says the England international will quickly become a vital asset when he is fit again.
Tomkins has not played for nine months after a foot injury which has included multiple setbacks – including one which has delayed his comeback for the last three months.
However, Tomkins is likely to return in this Saturday's Challenge Cup clash with Warrington, and Wane admits it has been a frustrating process for both player and coach.
“He was ready to go three months ago – he's been in a shocking place,” Wane said at his pre-match press conference.
“These lads are born to play and whack each other and be physical every week. So when you tell a player you can't play for months it's hard.
“He was ready to go three months ago and got a setback, and it's been tough for him mentally. That's his life, playing rugby league, and he can see light at the end of the tunnel now.”
However, with the Warriors' marquee player back to full fitness, Wane is confident he can find his best form in a Wigan shirt once again.
He said: “It's about looking forward now; I've got him back fit and he'll be fit for a long time now. He'll be a great asset for us. I'm just expecting a steadying influence and him getting the ball where it needs to be at all times. If he does that, great. I'm not expecting loads of tries and loads of tackles – but he's smart is Sam, he brings a lot of people things don't bring.”
Tomkins is one of several players who will return this weekend – with forward John Bateman, centre Anthony Gelling and captain Sean O'Loughlin also set to come into the fray. And Wane admits he has had one eye on bringing his big guns back for this game for some time.
“They're all 100 per cent ready to go, no question,” he insisted.
“It's a very important game though, and I highlighted this one a while ago. As soon as it was announced I highlighted it because we've been working people around being ready for this.”
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
1:26 Coast Guard crews deliver medical supplies in Puerto Rico Pause
1:18 Farm Share helping to feed those still hungry after Irma
0:31 Tropical Storm Nate dumping heavy rain as it rolls toward Gulf coast
2:21 Havana cleans up after Irma but other areas on the island still struggle
0:31 Tropical depression expected to become Tropical Storm Nate
5:17 Timelapse shows Hurricane Irma making its way through Miami Beach
2:14 Catastrophic claims specialist help South Florida after Irma
0:43 Tropical depression forms off the coast of Nicaragua
1:40 Maria evacuees arrive by sea to open arms of family and friends
Pole dancing in traffic!
The drivers of these two cars appeared to have made prior plans to meet at this utility pole at the junction of Camp Street and North Road yesterday. One vehicle was heading north along Camp Street and the other west along North Road when the collision occurred. Both veered off the road and crashed into an electricity pole.
Not even the traffic light at the corner could have prevented them from meeting. Luckily, the occupants of both vehicles walked away without serious injuries.
– Hearing Adjourned to January 2nd Week
The Hon'ble Supreme Court today came down heavily upon lawyers representing the West Bengal government in “Bimal Gurung vs Union of India & others” case.
The matter which is currently being heard for the past few weeks pertains to the Apex Court ordering “no coercive steps shall be taken against the petitioner [Bimal Gurung]” on November 20th. Imdiately following which, the West Bengal government had filed a plea, calling upon the apex court to rescind its order.
Arguing in front of a bench comprising Justices A K Sikri and Ashok Bhushan, senior advocate P S Patwalia on behalf of the petitioner [Bimal Gurung] informed the court that “both Bimal Gurung and Barun Bhujel cases are related, as they expose the highhandedness of West Bengal government…” he then requested for both the cases to be heard together to save the court's time.
However, the learned counsel for West Bengal government kept on interjecting loudly. The court warned him twice, but the counsel continued with his vocal opposition to any such move. Following this, Justice A. K. Sikri condemned the loud and harsh way of putting arguments by advocates, and adjourned the hearing into the case till the second week of January, 2018.
Describing the courtroom drama, Legal India reported via Twitter “Today again Justice A. K. Sikri condemned the loud and harsh way of putting arguments by advocates. The Adjournment came after a displeasure caused to Justice A. K. Sikri, arising out of ill mannered way of arguing by some advocate.”
Till then the original order of November 20th, remains in force.
When asked to comment on the development, and if Bimal Gurung can now come out in the open, a senior lawyer who is familiar with the case said, “there should not be any problem in Bimal Gurung coming out among the people, but he cannot hold public rallies, and he cannot create disturbances… the fact that West Bengal police has sought vacation of the court's November 20 order restraining it from taking any coercive step against Mr Gurung, itself indicates that he cannot be arrested, which is why they want the order to be rescinded.”
(Via: TheDC)
388 total views, 10 views today
Comments
comments
THE WEDDING SINGERS ROCKS INTO THE GRAND
Audiences in Leeds are invited to attend the biggest party in town as The Wedding Singer comes to Leeds Grand Theatre for one week only from Tuesday 22nd to Saturday 26th August 2017.
Based on the 1998 film written by Tim Herlihy and starring funny man, Adam Sandler, the Tony Award- nominated musical, featuring X-Factor runner-up and Dancing on Ice Champion of Champions Ray Quinn and comedy veteran Ruth Madoc, promises to get audiences up on their feet to songs that capture the fun and energy of the eighties.
Set in 1985, The Wedding Singer tells the story of big-haired, rock-star wannabe Robbie Hart – New Jersey's favourite wedding singer. When Robbie's own fiancée dumps him at the altar, he sets out to make every wedding as disastrous as his own until he meets sweet natured Julia and her best friend Holly, who make it their mission to lure Robbie out of the dumpster and back into the limelight? Will they succeed? Will Robbie see Julia head down the aisle with Wall Street bad boy Glen? Or will Grandma Rosie convince Robbie and Julia that they are the perfect couple?
Directed and choreographed by Nick Winston, the new production also stars West End and musical theatre star Jon Robyns as Robbie, West End leading lady and X-Factor finalist Cassie Compton as Julia and West End and TV star Stephanie Clift as Holly.
Book online at leedsgrandtheatre.com or call Box Office on 0844 848 2700
Despite bemoaning her increasingly distant relationships with her children, Caitlyn Jenner has decided to pass on the wedding of son Brody Jenner to blogger Kaitlynn Carter.
Caitlyn Jenner was invited to the ceremonies in Bali this week, but a representative told Page Six that she couldn't fit it in her schedule because of prior work commitments.
Brody, 34, a reality TV star, is Caitlyn's youngest son with second wife Linda Thompson.
Caitlyn, 68, recently opened up about her strained relationship with Brody and her other five children, as well as with her four step-children with third wife Kris Jenner. Caitlyn said that she spends much of her time alone at her Malibu home, with her dog Bertha as her only company.
“I spend a lot of time by myself here in the house,” she said. “I have a lot of children, but sometimes just because of circumstances, maintaining a close relationship with your kids is very tough. They all have lives. They've all moved on.”
But she also seemed open to making things better with her children.
“We're just human beings; we're going to be here for a very short time,” Caitlyn added. “We come and we go and at the end, when it's all said and done, hopefully your family is going to be there.”
Get more celebrity news and photos delivered to your inbox for free on weekdays.
Sign up for our Coffee Break newsletter here.
In addition to Brody, Caitlyn, formerly Bruce Jenner, also fathered a son Burt, 39, and daughter Cassandra, 37, with first wife Chrystie Crownover; son Brandon, 36, with Thompson; and daughters Kendall, 22, and Kylie, 20, with Kris Jenner. She also played a prominent role as step-father to Kris Jenner's daughters Kourtney Kardashian, 39, Kim Kardashian West, 37, Kourtney Kardashian, 33, and son Rob Kardashian, 31.
Jenner remains in contact with Kendall and Kylie, but is estranged from Kris Jenner and the Kardashians. Caitlyn's memoir, “The Secrets of My Life,” caused a rift between herself and the famous reality TV family.
Related Articles Roseanne Barr keeps tweeting, is mocked for her excuse
Whitney Houston cousin: Kanye West ‘not in his right mind' for using image of her drug-laden bathroom
Roseanne Barr shocker: ABC cancels her show after racist tweet
Cardi B just learned Childish Gambino and Donald Glover are the same person
Palin's son seeks to bar media in assault proceedings As for Brody Jenner's nuptials, Thompson has been documenting the festivities leading up to the ceremony on Instagram, and has been referring to Bali as Jenner Island, according to the Daily Mail.
“These two exuding only good vibes as they prepare for their #JennerIsland wedding with a spiritual cleanse at an ancient Hindu temple,” Thompson captioned one post.
“#JennerIsland celebration continues embracing Balinese culture with @brodyjenner & @kaitlynn #love&marriage,” she wrote in another.
Authorities say a man has been detained in western Germany on suspicion of financing terrorism.
Police and prosecutors in Saarland state, on the French border, wouldn't give details before a news conference planned later Monday.
They said that the 38-year-old man from Saarbruecken was detained on Saturday, news agency dpa reported.
“How do we tell the story of Islamophobia, … and how do we tell the story of Trumpism?” asked Nancy Khalek, associate professor of religious studies, as she opened her talk, “Islam, Islamophobia, and Teaching ‘Difficult Subjects' in the Age of Trumpism” Monday afternoon in the Joukowsky Forum at the Watson Institute for International and Public Affairs.
Islamophobia and Trumpism are anti-intellectual yet politically powerful movements, Khalek said, and both employ similar tactics ­— binary reasoning and generalizing assumptions — to gain popular traction.
Provost Richard Locke introduced Khalek's talk as part of the University's ongoing “Reaffirming University Values” series. The series was initiated before Donald Trump ascended to the Presidency, Locke said, and was intended to discuss topics like free speech. But the Trump administration gave a new meaningto this series given the way his administration's actions and rhetoric have threatened Brown's values in unexpected ways, Locke added.
Islamophobia is based on an image of Islam that is “reductive, simplistic and rooted in the clash of civilizations,” Khalek said. Islamophobic logic is based on myths such as the idea that Islam is inherently violent and fundamentally different from Christianity or Judaism and that Muslims are intent on subjugating non-Muslim populations, she said. The idea that radical Islam is the single greatest threat to U.S. safety is also a myth, she added.
Many of these myths have been actively cultivated by members of Trump's inner circle, said Khalek. For example, though only 0.0066 percent of the world's Muslims are inclined toward religious-based violence, Brigitte Gabriel, a conservative journalist with a close relationship to the Trump administration, has said the number is 15-20 percent. This numerical disparity speaks to a desire in the “Islamophobia industry” to exaggerate the threat radical Islam poses to the United States, Khalek said. In one year, there were five deaths by jihadist attack in the U.S. compared to 406 deaths by drowning in a bathtub, Khalek said.
Trumpism profits from Islamophobia and exacerbates it, Khalek said, explaining that Trump's anti-Islamic rhetoric is not so much based on a real fear of terrorism or violence, but rather on an aversion to racial diversity. She cited “The Flight 93 Election,” a blog post that garnered attention during Trump's campaign, written by Trump advisor Michael Anton under the pen name Publius Decius Mus, as evidence of Trumpism using Islamophobia as a tool. In the piece, Anton wrote that Muslim immigration inevitably hurts the United States and argued that the United States is not a nation of immigrants but a nation of settlers that later chose to admit immigrants — and can stop at any time.
U.S. media is also responsible for cultivating American's conviction that terrorism is uniquely Islamic and Western-oriented, Khalek said. She displayed a list of every terrorist attack that had occurred in the past year. The vast majority had occurred in the Middle East and did not receive headline news coverage from major U.S. media outlets ­— those that had were attacks against Western cities.
Given this political context, the challenge for a professor is teaching difficult and politically fraught topics, Khalek said. When she has discussed the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria in her classes, she has had students of Iraqi descent and students with family in the U.S. military in the same classroom, she said.
“While some students may find the airing of controversial issues unsettling, … I'm not in a position” to avoid controversial topics, Khalek said. Instead, she said her mission as a professor is twofold: “How do I allow students to voice contentious, ugly or even ignorant views, so that they can learn without fear of recrimination? And how do I foster respect and care for students who may be adversely affected by that process?”
In the question and answer period, Assistant Professor of Religious Studies Andre Willis asked why Khalek chose to situate anti-Muslim sentiment as a phobia, “instead of as anti-Islamic activism” or racism.
“It's kind of a terminological thing. Some people prefer not to use the term (Islamophobia)” and instead use terms like anti-Islamic racism, which is U.S.-specific given this country's history of racism, Khalek said. “Phobia” can make sense, because a big part of anti-Islamic racism is based in fear, she added.
Another audience member asked whether Trump's populism should be contextualized as a uniquely American phenomenon or if it should be looked at through an international lens. Khalek said that the “genealogical ancestor” of Trumpism is colonialism, which is an international issue, but that we should not bunch populist movements together as having more in common than they actually do. French populism and Turkish populism are distinct due to their different roots, she said, adding “there seems to be a lot of populism around, but that might just be because empires breed populism.”
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United owner Andrea Radrizzani says that head coach Thomas Christiansen has gained motivation from going to Old Trafford to watch Manchester United take on Manchester City, while Christiansen himself insists he is a Leeds fan.
Photographs of the Leeds boss at Old Trafford surfaced on social media, along with claims from Manchester United fans that Christiansen is in fact a Red Devils fan.
His visit to Leeds' rivals drew anger from some Whites fans and Radrizzani took to Twitter to defend the head coach.
And he claims that Christiansen has drawn motivation from the atmosphere at Manchester United, which he will use to guide Leeds back to the top flight.
" Ohh what a disgrace…relax guys. Our man Thomas Christiansen has enjoyed a nice afternoon of top football with his family", Radrizzani wrote.
"What's wrong with that? And the atmosphere motivated him even more to bring us back at that level.
“Let's stay behind the team [and] win the next game #graft #family"
Word of the saga reached Christiansen himself and the Dane was keen to deny that he is not a Manchester United fan, while he also explained his trip to Old Trafford.
“My son wanted to see Man City play, I used to play at Barça with Pep [Guardiola] and we very much enjoyed the result! However, I'm Leeds!" Christiansen said.
The fierce rivalry between Manchester United and Leeds continues to bubble despite the Whites not having played in the top tier since 2004.
In the summer transfer window, Leeds signing Cameron Borthwick-Jackson on loan from Manchester United drew criticism from some Whites fans.
FILE - In this Jan. 21, 2018, file photo, demonstrators rally in support of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals DACA) outside the Capitol Washington. A federal judge has ruled against the Trump administration's decision to end a program protecting some young immigrants from deportation. U.S. District Judge John D. Bates says the Department of Homeland Security's decision to rescind the DACA program “was unlawful and must be set aside.”
News courtesy Andaman Sheekha ::
& Consumer Affairs, Mayabunder conducted surprise inspection in and around Mayabunder Tehsil last month and found 13 Autorickshaw Drivers/Owners violating the provisions of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands Legal Metrology (Enforcement) Rules, 2011 and three shopkeepers violating the provisions contained under the Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011 framed under the Legal Metrology Act, 2009. All the offenders were booked under the provisions contained in the Legal Metrology Act/Rules and imposed penalty on them. A total of ` 33, 000/- (Rupees Thirty three thousands only) levied from them as compounding fine.
It is appealed to all the consumers that in case of any complaints in this regard, such as overcharging of packaged commodities beyond MRP, less weighment, any unfair trade practice etc., the same may be brought to notice in writing to the Directorate of Civil Supplies & Consumer Affairs, Port Blair. Consumers can also lodge their compliant over Toll free Phone No. 18003453197 during working hours.f
2:43 She raps her way to 2017 Georgia Economics Teacher of the Year title Pause
1:36 "Several shots were fired," police chief says
3:42 Snitker breaks down fourth straight win
0:45 Masked gunmen rob Pio Nono store
2:35 This ice cream is rolled, not scooped
3:22 He told his friend to put his hands on the steering wheel. Then a gun fired.
1:17 White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
0:34 His children and their children call him "Golfdaddy"
4:52 Bibb zoning board denies permit for medical waste facility
Oklahoma wind's positive impacts on our state are well-documented: more than $12.3 billion invested, more than 8,000 home-grown jobs and $22 million paid annually to farmers and ranchers in the form of land-lease payments, in addition to myriad other benefits. What's more, wind energy is infinite, and its reliability has helped steady electricity costs and lower utility bills for citizens statewide.
As special session marches on, there's no doubt our state legislators have their work cut out for them – we've got a historic budget hole to fill. However, we must be careful not to make decisions in a panic today that will permanently damage our state's long-term economic health.
When other industries were forced into hiring freezes, wind energy was hiring. When drought struck Oklahoma's farmlands, wind energy was there to supplement farmers' and ranchers' incomes with land-lease payments. When rural schools started suffering without resources, wind energy companies hand-delivered school supplies. Additionally, the industry is projected to pay in excess of $1.2 billion in property taxes through 2043 directly funding public schools.
However, with stakes high at the state Capitol, anti-wind special interests, lobbyists and some legislators are targeting wind energy yet again, calling for punitive measures that would place an unfair burden on this industry, even after wind energy has given up every industry-specific tax incentive. It's important Oklahomans and our elected officials know the truth so they can protect themselves from rampant misinformation about an industry that's invested so much in our state.
The latest threat from the anti-wind lobby surrounds Oklahoma's manufacturing sales tax exemption, which enables any company operating in Oklahoma that applies for a specific permit the opportunity to take advantage of this exemption to offset its operation costs for purchases of machinery and equipment, energy and tangible personal property used in design, development and manufacturing. These special interests want to single out wind energy and keep them from claiming this exemption, even while all other manufacturing industries – including other members of the energy industry – are still able to participate. It just doesn't make sense.
Exemptions like these are common and proven tools for attracting outside business investment and keeping existing business investment in a given area. Energy projects across the spectrum are known for being very capital-intensive, and often millions have been spent and countless jobs created before oil and gas companies start drilling or wind companies install turbines.
Punitively removing one industry from this exemption's benefit only stands to drive wind energy investment to friendlier states, taking their jobs, landowner payments and taxes with them. And the risk of losing investments to neighboring states is real. Developers warn me that such a repeal would be a self-defeating step, as dollars leave the state. It is estimated that wind in Oklahoma would then be 30-50 percent more expensive than in Texas, Kansas and Nebraska. Further, Oklahoma will miss out on new investment opportunities with our Southwest Power Pool expanding to include Colorado and Wyoming, as the SPP buys electricity on low price alone. Now is not the time to drive energy investment out of Oklahoma.
We must start thinking long-term, showing diverse industries that Oklahoma is open for business. As our elected officials gather next week for special session, I'll be calling my legislators asking them to support wind energy and keep wind investing in Oklahoma. I hope you'll join me.
Jim Roth, a former Oklahoma corporation commissioner, is an attorney with Phillips Murrah PC in Oklahoma City, where his practice focuses on clean, green energy for Oklahoma.
Image caption Mark Field said he thought the nomination was a scam
An "inspirational" nurse who uses boxing to help people overcome mental health problems has won an award.
Mark Field, from Connah's Quay, Flintshire, gave up a career in the sport because of health problems and trained as a psychiatric nurse.
For more than 20 years he has combined his gym skills and mental health training to help young people.
Mr Field received the Royal College of Nursing (RCNi) special recognition award at Park Plaza in London.
He was chosen from more than 700 entries for his work at Buckley Amateur Boxing Club to give young people a secure environment to manage their mental health issues.
'Above and beyond'
Mr Field and his team encourage young people with ADHD, bipolar and depression to use the sport to overcome issues such as low confidence and self-esteem.
Rachel Armitage, managing director at RCNi, described him as "a magnificent example of a nurse who has gone above and beyond in his specialism" and said she hopes he inspires others to consider a career in nursing.
Image caption Buckley Amateur Boxing Club helps young people with mental health problems
While he has been at the club, Mr Field said many of the more than 200 members had found boxing helped them cope with a range of emotional and psychological issues.
He was diagnosed with depression and bipolar himself when he was forced to quit boxing 23 years ago when a cyst was discovered on his brain.
Mr Field went back to university, trained as a psychiatric nurse and now works in adult mental health in Chester.
When he received the award nomination, he said: "I thought it was a scam."
Speaking in May, 17-year-old James Rees, who joined the boxing club when he was eight and had suffered from low self-esteem, said: "He's just an inspiration."
WASHINGTON — So much for an abrupt U.S. pullout from Syria.
One month ago President Donald Trump surprised many, including some in his own administration, by announcing, “We'll be coming out of Syria, like, very soon. Let the other people take care of it now.” He insisted that the time had come for the U.S. military to shift its focus away from Syria.
But on Tuesday, it was clear that something or someone had changed Trump's mind.
The president said at a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron at his side that before the U.S. withdraws from Syria, “we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint.” This long-term approach, he added, was “a very big part” of his conversation with Macron, who told reporters that he and Trump now agree that the Syria problem involves more than Trump's priority of ridding the country of Islamic State extremists.
The two leaders indicated that they see Syria as part of a broader problem of instability in the Middle East, which includes Iran's role in Syria and Iraq.
That kind of strategic thinking bears little resemblance to Trump's words in late March when he said it was time to leave Syria to others.
“We got to get back to our country, where we belong, where we want to be,” he said March 29. His comments raised questions about U.S. intentions, including its commitment to the Syrian Kurds who have been the main U.S. proxy in fighting IS in Syria and who face an uncertain future.
Since then, Trump has taken a markedly different course, including bombing three suspected chemical weapons sites in western Syria on April 13. In announcing that action, Trump said he was committed, along with France and Britain, to using “all instruments of our national power — military, economic and diplomatic” — to deter Syria from again using chemical weapons. And he said the U.S. would “sustain” this effort for as long as it takes.
Two days later, Macron said France had persuaded Trump to stay in Syria and launch the airstrikes. “Ten days ago, President Trump wanted to withdraw from Syria. We convinced him to remain,” the French president said.
In responding to Macron's comments, the White House stressed that Trump's plans had not changed and he still wanted U.S. forces to “come home as quickly as possible.”
On Tuesday Trump seemed to step even further away from his March remarks. After saying he would “love to get out” of Syria, and claiming the U.S. had “done a big favour” for Iraq and other countries in Syria's neighbourhood by hammering IS, Trump said he and Macron discussed the downside of leaving.
“Emmanuel and myself have discussed the fact that we don't want to give Iran open season to the Mediterranean, especially since we really control it,” Trump said. His comment echoed a concern shared by others, including Defence Secretary Jim Mattis, that withdrawing from Syria now, while Syria's political crisis is unresolved, would cede ground to Iran and enable its ambition to establish an overland pathway to the Mediterranean through Iraq and Syria. Trump stuck to his view that Arab nations should do more to prevent Iran from “profiting off” the U.S. success against IS.
Even after Trump's talk last month of a quick exit, Mattis stuck to his approach, arguing that U.S. strategic goals had not changed. He told a congressional hearing on April 12 that the Trump administration remained committed to finding a political solution to Syria's seven-year-old civil war.
“Our strategy remains the same as a year ago,” he said. “It is to drive this to a U.N.-brokered peace, but, at the same time, keep our foot on the neck of ISIS until we suffocate it.”
On Tuesday, a spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition fighting IS in Iraq and Syria, Col. Ryan Dillon, told reporters at the Pentagon that the United States is not slowing down in Syria. In fact, he said, the number of U.S. airstrikes against remaining pockets of IS fighters in eastern Syria had increased in the past week.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to discuss a new security arrangement in southern Syria, near the Israeli border, agreed upon by the United States, Russia and Jordan, Israel's Channel 10 news reported Wednesday.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Red Sox in dumps, Pirates as champs: Explaining my MLB predictions This week's Pop Quiz question came from Gary Mintz of South Huntington: Name the well-known Astros pitcher who can be seen in action during a Minute Maid Park scene from the...
David Wright's dream became a nightmare, but it can be saved WASHINGTON — This was late in the California night of Oct. 7, 2006, and David Wright was soaking, sopping wet from champagne — bottle after bottle of it emptied on...
Why Yankees should embrace failure over World Series pipe dream Can the Yankees sell a renovation to their demanding fan base? Just as pertinent, can the Yankees sell a renovation to themselves? It might prove the central issue to the...
Pondering hesitant highs and historic lows of Yankees' year Yankee Stadium will be half-empty by July. Ratings on YES will reach an all-time low. Radio dials will be allergic to WFAN during Yankee games because the club stinks. Or...
The best of baseball: Ranking the top 5 at prime positions In an age of great pitching, just try to pick the best five. If you take Clayton Kershaw, Felix Hernandez, Max Scherzer, Jon Lester and Chris Sale, you leave out...
MLB Opening Day is more than just one game out of 162 WASHINGTON — Here's the funny thing: More than any other sport, Opening Day shouldn't matter in baseball. It is, as we know, only one out of 162 games. Basketball and...
The 12 MLB teams facing the most pressure this season The Giants, of course, want to win. They have a culture of it. They have a manager and veterans who expect nothing less. The standards are high. But the overall...
Experts: How Mets have separated themselves from Yankees For the first time in five years, it's finally worth asking which New York baseball team is more likely to play meaningful games in September. The Mets' young pitching has...
Team-by-team guide to the National League A team-by-team look at the National League, in predicted order of finish: NL East 1. Washington Nationals Key player: This team might be so deep and talented that it can't...
Trump Says Veterans Affair Nominee May Want to Withdraw
U.S. President Donald Trump discusses why he thinks White House physician Ronny Jackson should consider withdrawing his nomination as Veterans Affairs secretary. A Senate panel is reviewing allegations of misconduct against Dr. Jackson. (Source: Bloomberg)
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Study to examine feasibility of Hope Canal water for drinking purposes
Guyana has been awarded US $1.3M to assist in the upgrade of its water sector.
The Board of Directors of the Caribbean Development Bank yesterday approved the loan to the Government, which will be used to provide consultancy services for a National Water Policy, provide designs and estimates for the construction of water treatment plants and the upgrade of related infrastructure.
CDB's Project Director Daniel Best said Guyana has been seeking to enhance the management of its water resources, as well as increase the availability and access of water to communities.
“We expect that these funds will be used to provide technically viable solutions for the improvement of water supply to approximately 68,000 people who live along the coast as well as in the hinterland regions.”
In laying the groundwork, consultants will also conduct a study to determine the feasibility of using water from the Hope Canal for potable water purposes and develop recommendations for institutional strengthening.
The Hope Canal is the waterway constructed a few years ago from the East Demerara Water Conservancy as alternative drainage to the Atlantic Ocean.
According to the CDB, many residents and businesses along the coast experience low water pressure frequently. The projected impacts of climate change are also expected to result in more frequent dry periods, as well as more intense rainfall. The plans for new infrastructure will incorporate climate resilient designs, the CDB noted.
This project's initial phase is expected to be completed within 18 months. The regional lending institution said the project is consistent with its strategic objective of supporting inclusive and sustainable growth and development within its Borrowing Member Countries, as well as the bank's corporate priorities of strengthening and modernising social and economic infrastructure, and promoting environmental sustainability.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
WASHINGTON — A new U.S. intelligence assessment has concluded that North Korea does not intend to give up its nuclear weapons any time soon, three U.S. officials told NBC News — a finding that conflicts with recent statements by President Donald Trump that Pyongyang intends to do so in the future.
Trump is continuing to pursue a nuclear summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un even though the CIA analysis, which is consistent with other expert opinion, casts doubt on the viability of Trump's stated goal for the negotiations, the elimination of North Korea's nuclear weapons stockpile.
"Everybody knows they are not going to denuclearize," said one intelligence official who read the report, which was circulated earlier this month, days before Trump canceled the originally scheduled summit.
In an odd twist, a list of potential concessions by North Korea in the CIA analysis included the possibility that Kim Jong-un may consider offering to open a Western hamburger franchise in Pyongyang as a show of goodwill, according to three national security officials.
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea, and they have given up nothing. Wow, we haven't given up anything & they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for World), site closure, & no more testing! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 22, 2018
It suggests Kim is interested in a peaceful gesture to an American president whose love of fast-food burgers is well known — and who, during the 2016 campaign, had said he wanted to talk nukes over a burger with the North Korean leader.
On the nuclear question, the analysis suggests that a more realistic immediate objective would be convincing Kim to walk back recent progress on the country's nuclear weapons program, the officials said.
But it's not clear that would pass muster with Trump — or America's allies.
"If the North Koreans don't agree in a joint statement that lays out denuclearization — that is, getting rid of their nuclear weapons, having them put under control by international elements — then I don't think we are going to go very far," Chris Hill, a former ambassador to South Korea, said Tuesday on MSNBC.
On May 24, Trump canceled the summit, originally scheduled for June 12, but in recent days has suggested he may participate in the summit after all. A U.S. delegation met in recent days with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone, and a senior North Korean intelligence official is en route to New York City to discuss a potential summit.
The CIA report came as a top nuclear expert argued in a new paper that the nuclear disarmament process in North Korea could take as a long as 15 years. Siegfried Hecker, a Stanford professor who once directed the federal government's Los Alamos laboratory in New Mexico — and who has toured North Korean nuclear facilities four times — argued that the sprawling nature of the North Korean program means it will take a long time to dismantle. His analysis was first reported in The New York Times.
The CIA report, described by three officials to NBC News, lays out a series of incentives the U.S. and South Korea could offer North Korea to disarm, including infrastructure and agricultural aid.
The U.S. dollar clawed back most of last week's losses — partially caused by Friday's inflation-data miss — on Monday as investors revived their interest in so-called risk assets after top U.S. officials sought to assuage tensions with North Korea over the weekend.
Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson wrote in The Wall Street Journal that President Donald Trump's administration is seeking diplomatic solutions to reach the goal of a “denuclearized Korean Peninsula.” That came after several days of an increasingly heated war of words between Trump and North Korean officials that unnerved investors.
Tensions over North Korea were replaced by domestic issues after deadly weekend violence at a white supremacist demonstration in Charlottesville, Va.
Read: A day later, White House says Trump meant to condemn white supremacists
Global stocks rallied as the dollar was solidly in the green against its rivals. The ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, +0.36% which measures the currency against a half-dozen rivals, ended the day up 0.3% at 93.4100 after reaching a peak of 93.495 earlier today. The WSJ Dollar index BUXX, +0.01% which looks at the buck against a wider basket of currencies, was up 0.3% to 86.24.
The ICE Dollar Index fell 0.4% last week, marking its biggest drop since the week ended July 31, as geopolitical headlines eroded investor confidence.
Still, this has not been the first sign of weakness in the U.S. currency this year:
“It is fair to say that it is not contrarian anymore to be bearish dollar, as it has fallen nearly 9% year to date,” a research note from J.P.Morgan Cazenove analysts, led by Mislav Matejka, said today.
Other analysts, including some from Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Wells Fargo, have hinted that a strengthening move in the dollar could be imminent.
The dollar was up 0.5% against the yen USDJPY, +0.02% despite positive Japanese gross domestic product data released over the weekend, buying ¥109.67. Japan's preliminary second-quarter GDP figures beat expectations across the board, rising 4% on the quarter and 2% on the year.
“That makes Japan the fastest-growing economy in the G-7 this quarter, by our reckoning, and may restart the chatter about the Bank of Japan's eventual QQE exit strategy,” Rob Carnell, chief economist and head of Asia-Pacific research at ING, said.
The buck retreated slightly from a high of ¥109.68 earlier Monday, but remained higher, compared with ¥109.19 late on Friday. So far this year, the dollar has dropped 6.7% against its Japanese counterpart.
Perceived haven assets such as gold GCZ7, -0.48% and the Swiss franc USDCHF, +0.0412% all lost ground as the week kicked off.
The euro EURUSD, -0.0170% dropped below $1.18 on Monday after ending last week at $1.1823. Late in New York, one euro bought $1.1785, slightly up from a low of $1.1777 earlier. Data showed industrial production in the eurozone fell 0.6% in June, compared with May, indicating that the region's economy may be settling down after a growth spurt in the beginning of the year.
Meanwhile, sterling GBPUSD, -0.0154% slid 0.3% to $1.2966 from $1.3011 late Friday.
U.S. data may provide a focus for investors this week, with July retail sales numbers expected on Tuesday and minutes from the July meeting of the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee coming Wednesday.
A trophy painting by Francis Bacon failed to draw any bids at Christie's in London after being offered at auction for 60 million pounds
($78 million).
The unexpected outcome for the star lot of Christie's evening sale of postwar and contemporary art on Friday drew a collective gasp in the sale room. The auctioneer began soliciting bids at 50 million pounds and continued up to 58 million pounds. None came.
“Study of Red Pope 1962. 2nd Version 1971" Source: Christie's
Titled “Study of Red Pope 1962. 2nd Version 1971,” the 6.5-foot-tall canvas depicts Bacon's two most famous subjects: his lover George Dyer and Pope Innocent X. It's the only work that has both muses in the same composition, Christie's said. Dyer committed suicide six months after the work was made.
A smaller Bacon painting, “Head with Raised Arm" (1955), depicting Pope Pius XII, sold for 11.5 million pounds on Friday, above the high estimate, after the commission was added. Prices include a fee Christie's charges buyers; estimates don't.
Bacon's auction record of $142.4 million belongs to the triptych “Three Studies of Lucian Freud,” sold in 2013. “Portrait of George Dyer Talking” brought more than $70 million in 2014, the highest price for a single canvas by the artist.
Christie's sale is continuing through Friday evening in London. Sotheby's completed its series of contemporary auctions in London tallying $114.1 million.
PRESS RELEASES
Wednesday 4th July 2018 – Bettorlogic, the leading betting analytics software company, has agreed a content deal with FansBet – the uniquely-rewarding betting site.
The deal will see Bettorlogic integrate its market-leading Daily Bet product onto the platform. Players in the FansBet community will initially receive perspective odds through tailored marketing campaigns and blog content.
Further down the line, they will also gain access to the best bets of the day through a simply managed CMS system where operators have the power to create bespoke user experiences based on customer preferences.
Bettorlogic will be providing bespoke editorial content around the major betting events of the sporting season. These editorial previews will support this unique betting company and their commitment to giving back 50% of their net profits to sporting fan groups through their Fan Partner scheme.
Bettorlogic CEO Andrew Dagnall commented: “FansBet prides itself on delivering a one-of-a-kind betting experience and our content fits the philosophy perfectly. Our analytics gives punters unique insight into a wide range of markets and the more players win, the more returns for those involved in the Fan Partner scheme.”
FansBet Head of Social Media & Marketing Andy Thompson said: “From the moment we met with Andrew we understood that this was a partner that could help us grow our business and raise the profile of FansBet and our unique proposition of giving 50% back of our net profits.”
About Bettorlogic:
Founded in 2004, Bettorlogic build databases across major sports in order to deliver content specifically for those who bet on sporting events. Using industry leading analytical and modelling skills enables the award-winning B2B firm to create software that generates compelling bet prompts.
Comments
New Year's Eve doesn't get Billy Crystal in the dancing mood We're told the “When Harry Met Sally” star was celebrating with his family at the Four Seasons in Punta Mita, Mexico.
Larry David, Bob Newhart and Billy Crystal get serious The top comics were seen at a serious ceremony at the Official Residence of Canada — honoring David Steinberg's investiture into the Order of Canada.
Growing up in Chicago and then spending a decade living in Bayonne, NJ, I didn't get much opportunity to commune with nature. But after moving with my family to rural Orange County, NY, a few years ago, I became curious about country life. I began to grow my own vegetables, and I grew interested in hunting for my dinner.
That's how I wound up on a late September day in the woods bow-hunting for deer with Fisher Neal, who hosts guided hunts for clueless New Yorkers.
Despite what his Web site, LearnToHuntNYC.com, suggests, Neal is an unlikely instructor. A graduate of the Yale School of Drama — where his classmates included Oscar winner Lupita Nyong'o — Neal has worked on Broadway and in regional theater, trained in singing and dance, and tends bar and does theatrical carpentry. But he's also nursed a longtime passion for hunting. A native of Knoxville, Tenn., he began dove hunting with his dad by the age of 5, and by the time he was 10, he had his own hunting license.
“I'm pretty sure I was the only one changing out of tights after ballet and putting on camo gear and heading out for the opening-day dove hunt,” says Neal, who's been offering one-on-one lessons and guided hunts in New Jersey, charging $565 for a full day, with other options available at different prices.
Most of his clients tend to be men in their mid-30s to mid-50s, with extra income to spend. They're either interested in the sport and want to get started or had shown interest in the past and let it fade.
To get started, you need a hunting license, which you can obtain after attending a required safety seminar. This year, New Jersey began issuing apprentice licenses, which allow anyone to obtain a permit to hunt as long as they are accompanied by a mentor like Neal.
Bow-hunting season in New Jersey, which began Sept. 9, runs through Oct. 27. In New York, bow-hunting season opened on Oct. 1. for most of the state. (There is no hunting permitted in New York City or Nassau County.) Check DEC.ny.gov/Outdoor for exact dates of the season.
On the big day, I meet Neal at an archery range in Kearny, NJ, at about 9:30 a.m. He shows me the mechanics of the crossbow, proper safety and how to shoot. A crossbow is basically a gun with a bow and arrow on it, and fires with an incredible force.
After an hour, I feel like a champion archer, so we drive down the road to the local Walmart to pick up my $135 apprentice license.
‘I'm pretty sure I was the only one changing out of tights after ballet and putting on camo gear and heading out for the opening-day dove hunt.'
We then drive an hour south to central Jersey and one of Neal's favorite spots, a state park in Somerset County. It's a place he knows well and likes for its diverse landscape. There are hillsides that stop at field edges, a perfect highway for deer to get around, Neal says. Nearby fields of crops provide them with a daily feast. We do a mixture of scouting to look for clues of deer movement, as well as forage along the way.
Neal points out plants like autumn olive (its small, red berries taste like tart cranberries), mugwort (it can be used as a tea) and puffball mushrooms (edible bulbous fungi). He talks to me about the importance of red and white oak trees, how to identify the leaves and how its acorns feed deer. We continue to push through the brush on this hot day, and we're drenched with sweat.
“You can see all this activity here,” Neal says, pointing to fresh hoof prints and droppings in the mud. “They bed down in the tall grass during the day. They could be super close, but we'd never see them.”
Suddenly excited, he says, “Man, I haven't seen activity like this in awhile!”
At about 4 p.m., we head to the tree stand Neal has set up. It's off the beaten path and overlooks a clearing where he's baited the deer with corn. “I dumped 100 pounds, and there's only about 15 pounds left,” he says. Neal confesses mixed feelings about the practice of baiting. He never did it growing up in Tennessee because it was against state law, but it is allowed in Jersey.
The tree stand towers 20 feet in the air, and as I look up, I suddenly remember my fear of heights. Neal manages going up and down like a speedy elevator, while I start my climb with much doubt. A safety harness is my lifeline and I never looked down.
I eventually get to the top and plop down in my seat, catch my breath and look at my patch of forest like a predator. I haul up the crossbow by rope and Neal joins in a seat next to me. He hands me an arrow to load, and we sit and wait in silence.
Hunting is a tranquil sport. You submerge yourself in nature for hours, sitting silently in the hopes that an animal appears and presents itself to you. Jersey law states that no shooting is allowed 30 minutes after sunset, and 7:30 p.m. was our limit.
An hour before our time expires, Neal whispers to me, “Right now is prime time! At this point, they're all on their feet.” As light escapes, the novice hunter in me feels pessimistic.
Just as the clock runs out, and darkness begins to creep into the forest, a massive body silently emerges from the trees and takes two steps out toward the opening in front of me. Even after sitting for hours and picturing a deer stepping out and me calmly taking aim and pulling the trigger to put it down, my heart hits the top of my throat upon actually seeing it before me. The deer suddenly freezes like a statue and stays put, as if she senses my excitement. As I stare at her, I hardly breathe to avoid moving. The deer breaks the staring contest after a few minutes and snorts toward me twice, turning around and going back the way she came.
Shortly after, Neal taps me on the shoulder to tell me time's up. At that point it doesn't matter, because it's too dark to make any shot, and my nerves are a mess.
In the dark, with the aid of a flashlight, he guides me back out toward the main trail.
With the passion of hunting ignited, I want to return to sit and wait again. Being in the presence of a doe is a reward in itself, but hunting is all about the willingness to fail over and over just to relive the moment when you come face to face with your prey.
In the end, I leave the woods with no casualties other than a dropped glove.
Millennials want luxury sheets, Peloton exercise bikes and music festival tickets, but they don't always have enough cash or a desire to put them on a credit card. So they are turning to an even more expensive method of payment: financing. In recent years, payment companies including PayPal PYPL, +0.03% Affirm and Bread have created installment plans for retailers that give consumers the option to finance the weirdest purchases over time.
See also: Young Americans want to live like millionaires (on the cheap)
These payment methods have taken hold at a time when millennials have been more reluctant than their parents to use credit cards. Millennials had about two credit cards each on average last year, according to the credit reporting company Experian. That's compared with about three for boomers and an average of 2.5 for members of Generation X. Now, they don't have to wait to be able to afford that Vitamix blender.
What could go wrong? Quite a lot, consumer advocates say.
How it works
The company Brooklinen sells pricey sheets: its “classic” sheet set for a queen-sized bed costs $129. But that can be steep for millennials, people born between 1982 and 1996, who are a core demographic for Brooklinen, said the company's co-founder, Rich Fulop. “They want to pay more, they want to upgrade, but they don't necessarily have the means to do that,” he said
What's more, the company also sells to city dwellers who are looking for just a few sets of sheets to outfit a one-bedroom or studio apartment, he said. They're willing to invest in higher-quality sheets, he said, even when they don't have the money up front.
‘If you're looking for a way to finance discretionary purchases, look at your budget and ask yourself the hard question: Why.' Nick Clements, the co-founder of personal-finance company MagnifyMoney
That's why Brooklinen partnered with the payment company Affirm in June to offer a payment plan spread over three, six or 12 months. Financing doesn't come cheap: Rates range from 0% to 30% APR, after Affirm checks the buyers' credit and approves them. That compares to an average APR of almost 17% for credit cards — or zero if you're paying with cash.
Affirm has partnered with more than 1,000 retail partners since its launch in 2012, including travel site Expedia and furniture company Wayfair, according to Ryan Metcalf, Affirm's chief of staff and director of international markets. Shoppers typically use Affirm's financing plans for purchases over $200, he said, and the average loan is $800.
The most common purchase they finance is travel, he said, Affirm's primary category by volume, followed by home wares and apparel. Metcalf wouldn't say how many people default on their loans, but the rate is “well below the industry average,” he said. When a consumer has not paid Affirm back on time, the company sends reminders by text messages and email.
‘We're not in a position to judge what people think is worthy to finance or not.' Ryan Metcalf, chief of staff at payment company Affirm
If the consumer does not pay within 120 days, Affirm no longer lends to that person, and writes off the debt. Affirm then sends the remaining balance to a third-party debt collector, which Affirm supervises, but Affirm does not package and sell the balances, Metcalf said. Affirm makes its money from simple interest consumers pay, Metcalf said. “We're not in a position to judge what people think is worthy to finance or not,” Metcalf.
However, personal-finance experts typically warn against making purchases, even on a financing plan, that consumers can't afford. “You want to avoid financing these types of discretionary purchases,” said Nick Clements, the co-founder of personal-finance company MagnifyMoney, who previously worked in the credit-card industry. “If you're looking for a way to finance discretionary purchases, look at your budget and ask yourself the hard question: Why.”
What consumers like to finance
PayPal offers two types of credit, both as part of a program called PayPal Credit. One option is to wait six months without paying anything, and no interest on purchases over $99 from select retailers. The other option is an installment payment plan called Easy Payments: Consumers pay interest at an APR of 19.99% if they don't first pay off their balance within the term they select.
Before shoppers are approved for either product, PayPal does a hard credit inquiry, which can result in a few points docked from consumers' scores, temporarily. But once approved, PayPal doesn't need to do a second one for future products. Consumers finance luxury handbags, guitars from Dave's Guitars, pots and pans from Sur La Table and blenders from Vitamix, said Dana Warren, PayPal's senior director of merchant distribution for PayPal Credit.
Vitamix blenders start at $450, an easier purchase for higher-income households, but “out of range” for some who are younger, said Holly Hacker, Vitamix's director of direct sales and customer experience.
Shoppers have also financed items including Cartier bracelets, worth $5,000 to $6,000 and Chanel wallets, worth about $1,700 to $1,900 from Linda's Stuff, a luxury consignment website run by Linda Lightman, the company's founder and CEO.
Consumers and debt
The takeaway for the consumer? Always avoid making purchases you can't afford. Many people are not in a position to buy pricey items, and spreading payments out over the course of months can be risky, especially if they faced a financial emergency, like a health issue or a lost job.
Some consumers have shown they tend to overspend: Americans now have more than $1 trillion in outstanding revolving debt, often categorized as credit-card debt, the most in U.S. history.
When consumers are considering taking on debt, they should carefully consider each option they have, Clements of MagnifyMoney said. Some credit cards, for example, offer 0% interest rates for a set period of time, such as Citi's Simplicity card, which does not charge interest for an introductory period of 21 months, he said.
For example, if someone purchases a $450 Vitamix blender on a 0% interest credit card, and pays their balance in full before the end of the 0% interest period, they would pay $450 for the blender. Vitamix offers a period of 18 months with 0% APR through PayPal Credit. But if they are not able to pay it off in full, they would start collecting interest at 19.99%, which could amount to much more. PayPal Credit also charges late payment fees of up to $38 and returned check fees for up to $27.
If you can't afford the monthly payments on the Vitamix blender, you should not buy one, Hacker added. “Our mission is to improve people's lives, it's not to put them in a position that makes anything worse.”
GET A FREE T-SHIRT AT THE CRUSH'EM TECH RECYCLING EVENT THIS WEDNESDAY!!!
Crush'em Tech Recycling Event
Wednesday, April 26th
11am to until the shirts are gone!!!
SUB West Plaza
Bring two plastic bottles or more for recycling & trade for a free Crush'em Tech t-shirt.
(2 bottles = 1 t-shirt & one per student while supplies last)
The goal of this Recycling Event is to increase awareness of campus recycling efforts through the partnering of Hospitality Services, University Student Housing and The Office of Sustainability.
A growing trend on university campuses is the demand for departments to be more sustainable. The Department of Hospitality Services, University Student Housing and The Office of Sustainability have taken numerous steps over the last few years to lessen its carbon footprint such as creating a refill bottle program, the use of trash compactors and initiating campus recycling programs.
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram @EatAtTexasTech
Feed Your Inner Red Raider!
hospitality.ttu.edu
hospitality@ttu.edu
Posted:
4/17/2017
Originator:
Alan Cushman
Email:
alan.cushman@ttu.edu
Department:
Hospitality Services
Event Information
Time: 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM
Event Date: 4/26/2017
Location:
SUB West Plaza
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Arts & Entertainment
Chris Brunt plans to speak with Michael O'Neill as he considers his international future.
The Northern Ireland and West Brom player has told Football Focus that missing out on World Cup qualification was harder than he expected.
Brunt is also surprised that O'Neill, who has agreed a new contract extension with the Irish FA, wasn't linked with more managerial jobs after his impressive spell in charge of Northern Ireland.
From Sprint in Dirt
ERIE, MI (April 24, 2018) – The 2018 Engine Pro Sprints On Dirt presented by ARP kicks off what is sure to be an action-packed season this Saturday, April 28, at SOD's traditional opening race venue, Crystal Motor Speedway.
SOD will waste little time getting into the meat of the season. The race will not only start the season championship battle, but it will be the first points race for the MAHLE/Clevite Beyond Limits Challenge. It will also be the first race of the Motul Leader of the Pack stage 1.
Every race April 28 thru September 1 will award points for the 2018 SOD championship and points for the MAHLE/Clevite Beyond Limits Challenge, the King Engine Bearings King of Michigan, or the Butler vs SOD Hog Creek Showdown. In addition, every race will award points for the Motul Leader of the Pack. All races will be important this season!
SOD welcomes Home Pro Roofing as a new partner. Drivers who have earned a spot in the feature draw will team up with kids from the crowd to participate in the Home Pro Roofing feature draw. Each child will receive either a diecast sprint car or a 11” tall pink panther. The child drawing number one will receive a diecast car and a huge 45” tall pink panther!
Jordan Ryan, SOD 2017 champion Stevie Irwin, and Ryan Ruhl won last year's SOD races at Crystal Motor Speedway. The season opener was rained out, but a May 6 rain date did the job.
For more information about Crystal Motor Speedway, go to www.crystalmotorspeedway.com and on Facebook at www.facebook.com/CMSpeedway.
Meet Engine Pro, go to www.enginepro.com. For more information about ARP, go to www.arp-bolts.com. Follow SOD at www.sprintsondirt.com and on Facebook at www.facebook.com/sprintsondirt.
Jordan Hamlett, left, leaves federal court with his attorney Michael Fiser, following his guilty plea in Baton Rouge, La., Monday, Dec. 11, 2017.
Baton Rouge, La. (AP) -- A Louisiana private investigator pleaded guilty on Monday to misusing Donald Trump's Social Security number in repeated attempts to access the president's federal tax information before his election last year.
Jordan Hamlett, 32, faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine following his guilty plea in federal court.
Authorities have said Hamlett failed in his attempts to get Trump's tax information through a U.S. Department of Education financial aid website.
Trump has refused to release his tax returns, bucking an American tradition honored by every president since Jimmy Carter.
A court document accompanying Hamlett's plea agreement says he used Trump's Social Security number and other personal information to open an online application for federal student aid on Sept. 13, 2016. After obtaining a username and password, he tried to use an Internal Revenue Service data retrieval tool to obtain Trump's tax information, the document says.
"The defendant made six separate attempts to obtain the federal tax information from IRS servers, but he was unsuccessful," says the document. It doesn't specify how much of Trump's tax information could have been retrieved with the online tool.
Hamlett, a Lafayette resident, was indicted in November
2016. His trial had been scheduled to start this week, but the judge originally assigned to the case died on Saturday after a brief illness. U.S. District Court Judge John deGravelles, who inherited the case, didn't immediately schedule Hamlett's sentencing hearing.
Defense attorney Michael Fiser had argued Hamlett didn't have any "intent to deceive" and simply tried "out of sheer curiosity" to discover whether Trump's tax information could be accessed through the government website.
After Hamlett's guilty plea, Fiser said his client "still has a long road ahead" as he awaits sentencing.
"We felt like, under the circumstances, it was time to accept full responsibility and move forward to get closure," Fiser said.
Federal agents confronted Hamlett two weeks before last November's election and questioned him in a Baton Rouge hotel lobby. At the time, the agents didn't know if Hamlett had been successful, and they feared a public release of Trump's tax returns could influence the election, according to a transcript of court testimony earlier this year.
Treasury Department Special Agent Samuel Johnson testified in March that Hamlett immediately took credit for his "genius idea" to seek Trump's tax returns from the financial aid website.
Johnson noted that an internet hacking group calling itself Anonymous had targeted Trump.
"At that time, Anonymous had been established as people that have released some of President Trump's personal identifying information and things of that nature," Johnson testified.
Federal prosecutors had asked Judge James Brady to bar Hamlett's lawyer from presenting a trial defense that that he was acting as a benevolent "white hat" hacker. Brady, a senior federal judge who died Saturday at a Baton Rouge hospital, ruled last month that Hamlett couldn't testify that he had a "good purpose" in attempting to test security flaws in the website.
Fiser said Hamlett had tried to call and notify the IRS about the flaws last September, on the same day he tried to electronically access Trump's tax records.
Fiser said Hamlett liked to test security systems for weaknesses in his spare time and would notify system administrators if he found a system vulnerable to a security breach. Hamlett once discovered a security flaw that allowed for public access to the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office's "raw" reports on open investigations and exposed personal information about police officers.
"Hamlett tipped the sheriff's office to the flaw and was met with thanks and appreciation, not an arrest," his attorney wrote in a recent court filing.
After his indictment, Hamlett was arrested again in August for allegedly violating conditions of his pretrial release. Prosecutors said he committed "numerous violations," including hacking into email and social media accounts of a man at the request of the man's wife.
General Electric to restate earnings amid SEC investigation General Electric — whose former CEO Jeff Immelt's legacy is in tatters over a slew of scandals that have tanked the company's stock — will restate its earnings downward for...
Lax oversight allowed ex-regulators to jump to firms they oversaw The “revolving door” for Wall Street's number-crunchers appears to be greased. Each of the Big Four accounting firms has hired former regulators — and the accountants have jumped immediately into...
Jack Daniel's owner's books conflict with SEC guidelines: report That popular folksy TV advertising image of Lynchburg, Tenn., townspeople in a field suddenly seems a bit on the blurry side. An examination of parent Brown-Forman's financial results reveals the...
Ditch a dull job and find your passion instead In 2003, Mya Zoracki had a charmed life that many could only hope for. She was in her fifth year working on the trading floor at the American Stock Exchange...
This CPA was tasked with trying to kill Castro — and may know JFK secrets Antonio Veciana was a “skinny, asthmatic” CPA in Cuba when he was approached in September 1959 by a man calling himself Maurice Bishop. Bishop handed him a business card from...
MTA financial exec fired for allegedly bribing accounting giant He was supposed to be watching out for taxpayers and the MTA's bottom line — but its chief procurement officer is now under investigation in a suspected bribery scheme, sources...
Facebook accounting boss retiring, company announces stock buyback Facebook said on Friday its accounting chief is leaving the company and that it will undertake its first-ever stock buyback program, worth $6 billion. Chief Accounting Officer Jas Athwal —...
My friend lives in Toronto's hipster west end, I on the eastern edge of buttoned-up midtown. To see each other, especially when both of us are swamped with work and family commitments, we flex the muscle of careful planning and muster herculean effort. However, several weeks ago, we planned to meet rather spontaneously for coffee on a Monday. She would be in my neck of the woods.
For a fleeting moment, our friendship had the gratuitous gleam of convenience.
Then she moved our meeting spot 15 minutes further from my house. The gleam faded, and I bailed. “Today has run away from me,” I texted the day before, “and I don't think I have time tomorrow for coffee. I'm sorry, because I'd love to see you.”
It was true that I had gotten unexpectedly busy and hadn't originally factored an additional half hour of driving into my week. It was also true that I counted on the solidity of our friendship to survive my one-off flakiness. And while I offer these as reasons, no doubt they might also be considered excuses.
“Bailing is one of the defining acts of the current moment,” David Brooks wrote recently in his column for The New York Times. We are a culture of “ephemeral enthusiasm,” readily and indiscriminately saying yes to invitations because we know we can “back out later.”
“I'm struck by how many people are quick to bail and view it as an unproblematic act,” Brooks muses. “They argue that we all have a right to control our own time and achieve mastery over our own life. Bailees have a duty to understand that sometimes other people are just too frazzled to follow through on their promises.”
Busyness has become the reason (or excuse) that no one can fault. When we bail, as I did, we blame our tyrant schedules. As Brooks points out, the smartphone makes it easy to renege on our commitments. “Bailing … is as easy as canceling an Uber driver,” he says. One text, shot effortlessly (and facelessly) over a phone network relieves us of burdensome commitments we thoughtlessly make and come later to regret. Bail unto others as they bail unto you.
Bailing might not be “the collapse of morality and the ruination of all we hold dear,” as Brooks points out, but our habits of excuse making are not without cost and consequence, especially in a community like the local church. When someone bails, someone else is left holding the bag, and when lots of people bail out, it impacts systems, programs, and budgets.
Several months ago, for example, we announced registration for our church's first women's Bible study. Because the study also involved small group sharing and accountability, we asked women to “prayerfully commit” to the six weeks. The initial enthusiasm was palpable. Women rushed to register online before we reached capacity (and incidentally, men begged for a similar study of their own.) On the first night of the six-week study, when we opened with singing, the room swelled with the collective chorus of more than 100 women, and my heart swelled with enormous gratitude for what was to come.
But by the end of the study, the tables were sparsely populated. The weeks had reduced us to nearly half of our original size. What had happened to all those women who had “prayerfully committed” to attending? Why had they bailed?
A self-confessed bailer myself, I sympathize with the contingent nature of life. A kid gets sick. Work gets crazy. Like a runaway train, the week careens to a halt and we emerge from the wreckage with only enough energy to man the television remote. Suddenly, attending weekly Bible study, showing up for a volunteer commitment, or (in my case) simply meeting a friend across town for coffee feels crushing and overwhelming.
I also sympathize with the exhausting nature of our hyper-connected reality—It's pinging and notifying, its buzzing and alerting. I know the pressure of deadlines and domestic drudgery, especially when 6 p.m. rolls around and some hungry child strolls into the kitchen to ask, “What's for dinner?” “Adulting” is impossibly Sisyphean, and some mountains seem too big to climb.
Conversely, however, I'm also familiar with the exhausting frustration of planning, organizing, and hosting events and collaborative projects, only to see people's initial enthusiasm evaporate like morning fog. Of course everyone wants to help and serve and attend—but it's just that “life has gotten so unexpectedly busy.”
In analyzing the bailing trend, Brooks invites us to harken back to a pre-smartphone era, “when people took it as a matter of course that reliability is a core element of treating people well.” “If you don't flake on people who matter,” he says, “you have a chance to build deeper and better friendships and live in a better and more respectful way.”
By way of solutions, he suggests that we morally evaluate our impulse to bail according to three criteria: the reason, the method, and the potential impact. But I wonder if there aren't different (perhaps more difficult) considerations for people formed into the image of Jesus. Christ called his disciples to integrity by saying, “All you need to say is simply ‘Yes' or ‘No'; anything beyond this comes from the evil one” (Matt. 5:37). Even if bailing has become a socially acceptable response to our overly saturated schedules, we should resist the urge to conform to the pattern of knee-jerk yeses overturned by last-minute nos.
In our women's Bible study earlier this summer, we explored the Psalms, noting the special emphasis placed on the faithfulness of God. In Psalm 89, the Hebrew word emunah is repeated eight times. Hebrew scholar Robert Alter tells us that this word refers to God's faithfulness, his trustworthiness, his “dependability in fulfilling obligations.” In other words, God never bails on his people, never reneges on his promise.
As I ponder on God's promises, I can't help but wonder: What simple witness might we, the church, offer to the world by speaking a reliable yes?
Jen Pollock Michel is the award-winning author of Teach Us to Want and Keeping Place. She lives with her husband and five children in Toronto.
Army wants boozy ex-military aide to keep security clearance The Army has asked that an ex-military aide — who was fired for boozing, having “improper interactions” with women and using his government credit card at sex clubs across the...
Army general used government credit card at strip club: IG report A former three-star U.S. Army general and aide to Defense Secretary Ash Carter was demoted and will retire as a one-star general after an investigation revealed he used a government...
Secretary of defense not happy with Manning decision: report Secretary of Defense Ash Carter opposed President Obama's decision to commute the sentence of Chelsea Manning, according to a report. The opposition to letting Manning off the hook for violating...
US sending 200 more troops to Syria to battle ISIS MANAMA, Bahrain — U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said Saturday that as many as 200 more American troops are being sent to Syria to help Kurdish and Arab fighters capture...
Defense Secretary Carter makes surprise visit to Afghanistan BAGRAM AIR BASE, Afghanistan — U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter on Friday made an unannounced visit to Afghanistan to consult with military commanders and deliver a pre-holiday pep talk to...
Pentagon will stop making National Guard pay back enlistment bonuses BRUSSELS — U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter has ordered the Pentagon to stop seeking repayments of enlistment bonuses given to California National Guard members who served overseas. His decision comes...
Iraqi forces launch operation to drive ISIS from Mosul KHAZER, Iraq — Iraqi and Kurdish forces backed by U.S.-led airstrikes launched coordinated military operations early Monday as the long-awaited fight to wrest the northern city of Mosul from Islamic...
Boozy ex-military aide used work credit card at strip clubs: probe WASHINGTON — A Pentagon investigation has concluded that Defense Secretary Ash Carter's former senior military aide used his government credit card at strip clubs or gentlemen's clubs in Rome and...
The Pentagon is furious at Obama over the Iran ransom payment One might think President Obama would have asked his top military officials to weigh in on his administration's decision in January to send $400 million in cash to Iran. After...
By Hayden Wright
Chance the Rapper is riding high on the tailwind of his Best New Artist GRAMMY, and he'll take his music on the road this spring.
Related: Kendrick Lamar Congratulates Chance the Rapper for Grammy Wins
Chance announced a North American tour with 37 dates, set to kick off April 24 in San Diego. Conspicuously absent from the list is his hometown of Chicago, though perhaps more dates will be added as preparation for the tour ramps up.
Tickets go on sale tonight at 7pm via ChanceRaps.com. For now, the rapper will continue fielding congratulations from superstars like Drake and Kendrick Lamar.
Here's Chance's announcement with a full list of dates:
thank YOU GUYS for everything. tour goes on sale at ChanceRaps.com at 7pm ET https://t.co/9PVAdLs8Vt —
Lil Chano From 79th (@chancetherapper) February 14, 2017
Never miss a tour date from Chance The Rapper with Eventful.
Billy Bush and his wife are attempting to reconcile Tongues wagged when a photographer snapped Bush holding hands with former “Access Hollywood” colleague Tara Bernie earlier this week.
Billy Bush spotted holding hands with former 'Access Hollywood' colleague “We're friends. I was his producer for 15 years at ‘Access.' We were all out to dinner . . . his brother, his publicist. It's a ridiculous story," the former colleague said.
Billy Bush to Trump: 'Enough's enough' Billy Bush took to Stephen Colbert's “Late Show” Monday night to offer a mea culpa about past behavior and drive home the points he made in a surprise New York...
Billy Bush says Trump 'Access Hollywood' tape is authentic Billy Bush has pushed back at President Donald Trump's reported statements suggesting that the voice on the infamous “grab 'em by the p—y” “Access Hollywood” tape is not his, writing...
News courtesy Andaman Sheekha ::
Port Blair, Feb 14: High waves in the range of 3.0 – 3.3 meters are forecasted during 17:30 hours on 14-02-2017 to 23:30 hours of 16-02-2017 along the west coast of Nicobar Islands between Ten Degree Channel to Great Channel. Current speeds vary between 95 – 106 cm/sec. Fishermen are advised to be cautious while venturing into the sea. The general public is advised to take precautionary measures and in case of any emergency contact in the following phone numbers of State Control Room, District Control Room and Emergency Operation Centres.
State Control Room: 03192- 238880 (Tele-Fax), 1077(Helpline); District Control Room: 03192-238881; EOC (Campbell Bay): 03193-264020; EOC (Kamorta): 03193-263222; EOC (N&M): 03192-262960; EOC (Hut Bay): 03192-284014; EOC (Car Nicobar): 03193-265241; EOC (Havelock): 03192-282030; EOC (Ferrargunj): 03192-266527.
Weather #Snowmageddon2015 with these 7 cozy après-ski looks With the storm, the only way to get around may be via skis. But afterward, grab a cocoa and warm up with these stylish post-powder looks! Faking It Wrap yourself...
15 fashionable marsala items, Pantone's 2015 color of the year Every year since 1990, the Pantone Color Institute has announced its pick for the Color of the Year, which involves a surprisingly exhaustive selection process. While past picks have ranged...
Rolex's history of innovation is so long and its list of iconic models so lengthy that an entire nomenclature has sprung up around the storied 112-year-old brand.
Think you know Rolex?
See if you recognize all of these terms that every true Rolex lover knows, from trademarked names for proprietary materials to fan-generated nicknames for some of its most beloved pieces.
Follow @insidefutbol
Fixture: Burnley vs Manchester City
Competition: Premier League
Kick-off: 12:30 (UK time)
Manchester City have named their side and substitutes to lock horns with Sean Dyche's Burnley side at Turf Moor in a Premier League clash this afternoon.
The Citizens have a commanding 15-point lead at the top of the Premier League table and are cruising to the title. Pep Guardiola's side have already met and beaten Burnley twice this season and will be looking to keep their good run against the Clarets going.
Boss Guardiola is without Leroy Sané, Gabriel Jesus, Benjamin Mendy and Fabian Delph.
The Manchester City boss goes with Ederson in goal, while in defence he selects Vincent Kompany and Nicolas Otamendi as the central pairing, with Fernandinho protecting the back four. Kevin De Bruyne and Ilkay Gundogan are both picked to play, while Raheem Sterling will support striker Sergio Aguero.
Guardiola has a number of options on the bench to turn to if he needs to try to change the course of the game, with options including Yaya Toure and new signing Aymeric Laporte.
Manchester City Team vs Burnley
Ederson, Walker, Danilo, Kompany (c), Otamendi, Fernandinho, Gundogan, De Bruyne, Bernardo, Sterling, Aguero
Substitutes: Bravo, Laporte, Adarabioyo, Zinchenko, Yaya Toure, Diaz
A pregnant woman who was overdue by a week decided to attend the three-day Route 91 Harvest Festival in Las Vegas to help move things along.
“We decided, ‘Oh, we'll go. Maybe it will help (my baby) come out' and we were just there having fun,” Markie Coffer told Fox 5 in Vegas.
Coffer, her boyfriend, Travis Matheson, and Coffer's brother Cody attended all three nights of the event. On Saturday, the couple even took their three kids.
The following day, the adults returned to see the headliner perform.
“We were really excited to see Jason Aldean, the main guy, so we definitely stayed to the end, and then towards the end it got crazy,” she said.
The festive atmosphere turned into a living hell when bullets began raining down on the crowd of 22,000, leaving 58 of them dead and about 500 injured.
Matheson, a US Army veteran, turned to his training to escape the hellacious attack.
“I told her, ‘We got to get to safety and find somewhere to hide,'” he said.
Matheson, Coffer and Cody crawled across the killing field. One of the bullets struck Cody in the shoulder, but the group kept going and eventually made it to safety.
“One of my brother's friends picked us up and brought us straight (to the hospital). It was chaotic down there,” Coffer said.
Two days later, baby Wyatt was born.
“He's been unique since the beginning,” she said.
“(He is) a light at the end of the tunnel,” Matheson said. “I'm thankful nothing happened worse to any one of us … and we couldn't be here for him. It was perfect timing for him.”
Coffer and little Wyatt were discharged from the hospital Wednesday. Cody is expected to fully recover.
Watch the best shots as Serena Williams beats Viktoriya Tomova 6-1 6-4 in the second round at Wimbledon.
READ MORE: Wimbledon 2018: Serena & Venus Williams into third round
Available to UK users only.
Marcus Mariota admits his play has been hurting Titans
The Tennessee Titans are in good shape to reach the postseason thanks to a rather soft schedule, and Marcus Mariota understands that he has to play better football in order for his team to contend going forward.
In an ugly 12-7 loss to the Arizona Cardinals on Sunday, Mariota completed just 16 of 31 passes for 159 yards, no touchdowns and two interceptions. The third-year quarterback has now thrown 10 interceptions in his last six games and has 14 picks compared to just 10 TDs on the season. He took the blame for Tennessee's ugly loss.
“Frustration is an understatement,” Mariota told reporters, via the team's official website. “The defense played lights out, special teams did their job and I have been hurting our team and I have to find ways to get better and improve.
“I expect myself to do my job, and that's taking care of the football and converting third downs. And I haven't been up to par. I have to be better.”
Mariota has battled some injuries this season, but they only forced him to miss one game. While he has undoubtedly played through pain, the same can be said for countless players across the league and on his own team. In addition to turning the ball over, he has also made a number of inaccurate throws that squandered opportunities for big plays.
On Sunday, Tennessee's offense managed just 204 total yards. When your defense holds an opponent to 12 points, you expect to win.
“It's on us. It's on the offense,” Mariota said. “The defense played outstanding, they have been all year. We just haven't been able to put the ball in the end zone and score points.
“Their defense played well, they made plays when they needed to. A couple of times we weren't able to make a play, and that's on me, and I have to be better.”
For the most part, the Titans have been winning games in spite of Mariota — not because of him. If the former Oregon star can't do a better job of protecting the ball, his team will be an easy out in the postseason or perhaps even fall short of making it. At least Mariota is self-aware.
iStock/curraheeshutter
From red lanterns to red envelopes, did you ever wonder why the color red is so popular in China, especially on the Chinese New Year? Legend has it that it all began with the Nian, a ferocious beast that would terrorize villagers on the New Year, eating crops, livestock, and even children. But villagers learned this half bull with a lion head was afraid of three things: fire, noise, and the color red. Nian was defeated and from then on the color red was considered to bring good luck and good fortune to all. Lucky for you, you don't need to defeat a ferocious beast to celebrate the Chinese New Year, all you need to do is get your red on.
“Usually red lanterns are hung outside the doors to ward off bad luck,” suggests Karen Katz, author of the recently published picture book, My First Chinese New Year. “Also red cutout papers are used as decorations to hang on the walls. If you live near a Chinese neighborhood you should be able to purchase theses items, but if not, go online and order them. You can also make your own cutouts.”
Although the traditional art of paper-cut is handcrafted with a knife it's easy to make your own red paper cutouts (Jianzhi) for the Chinese New Year at home. Similar to cutting out paper snowflakes, all you need are a sharp pair of scissors and some red paper to make these festive red Chinese New Year decorations to hang on your windows. And like snowflakes no paper cutouts are alike; in fact, some are amazing works of art that have been included in museum collections.
Still the most popular way to celebrate the Chinese New Year is to hand out red envelopes filled with money. However, like toys under the Christmas tree some traditions are meant for children and Chinese red envelopes are given to them to ward off evil spirits. Here are other Chinese New Year traditions we can all celebrate.
You should by now be ready to start something new and exciting and what happens over the next two or three days will encourage you to give it all you have got. Astrology is all about time and timing and your time to shine is right now.
Follow @insidefutbol
Lazio are to hold a further meeting over the future of Felipe Anderson, with a potential move to West Ham United having stalled.
The two clubs have been in talks for Anderson to switch to the London Stadium this summer, but finding an agreement has proven to be elusive so far.
It is claimed that Lazio president Claudio Lotito wants to earn €45m from Anderson's sale, with the Italian also having an eye on the 25 per cent which would be due to the player's former club Santos.
Anderson has returned to Italy and has agents Kia Joorabchian and Giuliano Beretolucci working on his behalf.
According to Italian radio station Radiosei, a further meeting will be held later today, where Lazio offering to keep the player cannot be ruled out.
Different destinations to West Ham, with Valencia and Monaco keeping tabs on the situation, have also not been ruled out.
Anderson however is keen to move to the Premier League with West Ham and is pushing for the deal to happen.
But negotiations remain stalled.
Knicks' Kyle O'Quinn moonlights as a 'Bar Mitzvah Man' When he's not tearing up the court at Madison Square Garden, Knicks player Kyle O'Quinn spends his Saturday nights tearing up the dance floor with tweenagers. The 27-year-old Queens native...
World's oldest man celebrates his bar mitzvah 100 years late HAIFA, Israel – Yisrael Kristal has waited a long time to finally come of age. On Sunday, the world's oldest man celebrated his long-awaited bar mitzvah — 100 years late....
Yogi accused of sex acts at bar mitzvah gets off An Arizona yogi accused of twisting a boy's bar mitzvah into a raunchy sex party has been cleared of all wrongdoing. Lindsey Ann Radomski, 33, was found not guilty by...
World's oldest man will have his bar mitzvah 100 years late “L'chaim” will take on a whole new meaning for the world's oldest man. Yisrael Kristal is celebrating his 113th birthday by finally having a bar mitzvah — 100 years later...
Drake performs at lavish bat mitzvah He performed at the Rainbow Room for a crowd of teens and tweens.
Hudson Media mogul throws daughter $1 million bat mitzvah Jimmy Cohen threw a wildly lavish, $1 million-plus bat mitzvah this weekend for his daughter, Jaclyn, where Nick Jonas was paid an estimated $300,000 for performing six songs.
Son wins court battle against mom for $5K bar mitzvah gift His mom withheld a $5,000 gift that “Baba” promised for his bar mitzvah — but he manned up and finally scored his money eight years later. Long Island student Jordan...
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia — Saudi Arabia announced on Monday it will allow movie theaters to open in the conservative kingdom for the first time in more than 35 years.
Movie theaters were shut down in the 1980s during a wave of ultraconservatism in the country. Many of Saudi Arabia's clerics view Western movies and even Arabic films made in Egypt as sinful.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has recently backed reforms including lifting a ban on women driving and bringing back concerts and other forms of entertainment. The 32-year-old heir to the throne has also sought ways to boost local spending and create jobs amid lower oil prices.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM SEPT. 26: Saudi Arabia to End Ban on Women Drivers 1:09 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
According to Monday's announcement, a resolution was passed paving the way for licenses to be granted to commercial movie theaters, with the first cinemas expected to open in March 2018.
Saudi filmmakers and movie buffs have been able to circumvent traditional censors by streaming movies online and watching films on satellite TV. Many also travel to neighboring countries like Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates to go to movie theaters.
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman Fayez Nureldine / AFP - Getty Images
It was not immediately clear if movie theaters would have family-only sections, segregating women and families from the male-only audience. Another unknown was whether most major Hollywood, Bollywood and Arabic movie releases would be shown in theaters and how heavily edited the content will be.
The Ministry of Culture and Information did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The government says it will announce regulations in the coming weeks.
The kingdom says there will be 300 cinemas with around 2,000 screens built in the country by 2030.
From Greg Parent
(December 10, 2017) — With the news that many new teams are being formed for the 2018 Upper Midwest Sprint Car Series (UMSS) season in both the wing and traditional programs, the UMSS will hold an informational meeting on Saturday, January 6, 2018 at the Cedar Lake Speedway Arena at 10:00 am. Whether you are ready to race in 2018 or want more information about how to get involved, this meeting is for you. It is free and open to anyone who is interested in attending.
The meeting will focus on helping new teams transition into racing a sprint car with the UMSS, and the prospective team can get educated about getting involved with the UMSS in the local area sprint car racing scene. Topics covered will include rules, license, procedures, schedules, the sustainability of the traditional program and the fact that a wing sprint car can cost less than a street stock and be competitive. Don't believe that last statement? Come to the meeting and find out how.
Current drivers will be in attendance from both the wing and traditional sprint car programs to help answer any questions you may have. This is a great opportunity for anyone interested in exploring the possibility about getting involved with sprint car racing, getting back into the sport of sprint car racing or just simply finding out more information about sprint car racing here in our area.
BERLIN (AP) — German police say the pilot of a passenger jet destined for Zurich made an unscheduled stop at Stuttgart airport because a Swiss passenger became aggressive after being denied champagne.
Reutlingen police say crew members were unable to calm the 44-year-old business class passenger, who was angered by their refusal to serve her more sparkling wine on the flight from Moscow late Saturday.
Police said in a statement Sunday that the woman, who wasn't named, was escorted off the Airbus A320 and ordered to pay a security of 5,000 euros ($5,871).
They said the 43 passengers on board were never in danger, but the total cost involved in the unplanned stopover likely amounted to several tens of thousands of euros.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
ISTANBUL (AP) — The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
Turkish police meanwhile detained eight people in connection with the attack but were still hunting for the gunman who disappeared amid the chaos of the attack.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried out by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate” who attacked the nightclub “where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man fired an automatic rifle and also detonated hand grenades in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross” and also suggested it was in retaliation for Turkish military offensives against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
“We let infidel Turkey know that the blood of Muslims that is being shed by its airstrikes and artillery shelling will turn into fire on its territories,” the statement said.
Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus on Monday confirmed news reports that said eight people were taken into custody but did not provide details, saying a “sensitive” investigation was underway.
Authorities had obtained the fingerprints and a basic description of the gunman and were close to identifying him, Kurtulmus said.
He said the attack in the early hours of 2017 was a message from extremist organizations that they intend to continue to be a “scourge” against Turkey in the new year. Kurtulmus also said it was intended as a response to Turkey's “successful and determined” military operation against the IS in Syria.
He said Turkey was determined to continue fighting violent groups declaring: “Wherever they may hide in 2017, we will enter their lair… With the will of God, with the support of our people, with all our national capacity, we will bring them to their knees and give them all the necessary response.”
Earlier, Turkish media reports said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman was likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to the Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and were investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
Kyrgyzstan's Foreign Ministry said it was looking into the media reports.
“We have ordered the consul in Istanbul the check this report that has appeared in the press,” the Interfax news agency quoted ministry spokeswoman Aiymkan Kulukeyeva as saying Monday. “According to preliminary information, this information is doubtful but we are checking all the same.”
The gunman killed a policeman and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing with an automatic rifle at an estimated 600 people partying inside.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Citing Justice Ministry officials, Anadolu reported that 38 of the 39 dead have been identified. The report said 11 of them were Turkish nationals, and one was a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen.
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia; three each were from Lebanon and Iraq; two each were from Tunisia, India, Morocco and Jordan. Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria and Russia each lost one citizen.
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to claim the bodies.
Turkish officials haven't released the names of those identified.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
The country suffered multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people. Authorities have said the three suicide bombers in the airport attack were Russia, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan and there has been speculation that Akhmed Chatayev, a Chechen extremist known to be a top lieutenant in the IS militant group, may have directed the attack.
In August, Turkey sent troops and tanks into northern Syria, to clear a border area from the IS and also curb the territorial advances of Syrian Kurdish forces in the region. The incursion followed an IS suicide attack on an outdoor wedding party in the city of Gaziantep, near the border with Syria, that killed more than 50 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities haven't confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Last week, Turkey and Russia brokered a cease-fire for Syria that excludes the IS and other groups considered to be terrorist organizations.
On Monday, Anadolu said more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations.
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff's office, Anadolu said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab, killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures. The Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak, eight kilometers (five miles) to the southwest of Al Bab.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
___
Bassem Mroue reported from Beirut. Suzan Fraser in Ankara, and Cinar Kiper in Istanbul, contributed to this report.
The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating his punishment.
With the 22-year-old representing himself, the process is sure to be unconventional. But even if Roof is sentenced to death, it's highly unlikely he'd be executed anytime soon.
While prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, Roof said last week he plans on calling no witnesses and presenting no evidence.
Roof was found guilty last month on 33 federal charges, including hate crimes and obstruction of the practice of religion. A jury took less than three hours to return its verdict, and a judge dismissed the jury for a break over the holidays.
Typically in what's known as the sentencing phase, defense attorneys call relatives and other witnesses to testify about their client's unsteady state of mind before and during the crimes. Given that background, the defense hopes, a jury might be more likely to spare the defendant's life and opt against the death penalty.
But Roof, who is acting as his own attorney, has said he plans to do no such thing.
In his journal, which was read in court during his trial, Roof said his doesn't believe in psychology, which he called “a Jewish invention” that “does nothing but invent diseases and tell people they have problems when they don't.”
Roof also seems to be determined to try to keep evidence embarrassing to him or his family out. Not only did he take over his own defense, but he asked the judge at a hearing Wednesday if he could file a motion limiting what prosecutors can introduce.
Roof also was adamant that a transcript of a hearing where he was found mentally competent not be released to the public.
“I know this is not a legal argument, but the unsealing of the competency hearing defeats the purpose of me representing myself,” Roof said at last week's hearing.
Neither Roof, nor U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel nor prosecutors have given specifics on the evidence Roof is objecting to.
On Thursday, Gergel ordered another competency evaluation of Roof “in an abundance of caution,” after his standby counsel filed a sealed motion again questioning Roof's mental ability to proceed. The judge's order specified he saw no reason to delay Tuesday's start of the penalty phase.
Roof's lawyers tried repeatedly both to stop him from being his own lawyer and to work mental health-related evidence into the first phase of his trial, saying they feared Roof fired them because he feared the attorneys would present evidence that would embarrass him when trying to save his life.
Prosecutors objected at every turn, and Gergel wouldn't allow any of it into court, ruling mitigation evidence is allowable during sentencing and not before.
Court papers show prosecutors are expected to present evidence showing that Roof picked his victims because of their race, killed them to incite more violence, showed no remorse and killed three particularly vulnerable people who were 70 years old or older.
Evidence speaking to Roof's mental state, one expert argues, could make the difference between life and death.
“The Dylann Roof case is a classic example of the type of problem you can have when an obviously mentally ill or emotionally disturbed defendant is permitted to represent himself,” said Robert Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center. “There's a huge difference in the eyes of a jury between someone they perceive as evil or despicable and someone they perceive as being seriously mentally ill. … If you take mental health out of it, you are putting a thumb on the scale of death.”
Both the judge's decision to allow Roof to represent himself and waive the introduction of mental health evidence are sure to be raised in an inevitable appeal, Dunham argued.
Roof also faces nine murder charges in state court, where prosecutors have also said they will seek the death penalty in a trial likely to begin sometime next year.
Whether he's sentenced to death or not, it's unlikely Roof would be executed anytime soon, in either jurisdiction. The federal government hasn't executed anyone since 2003, and there are years of appeals between a death sentence being levied and carried out.
South Carolina's death chamber hasn't been used since 2011, due at least in part to a lack of availability for the drugs the state uses for lethal injection.
___
Associated Press writer Jeffrey Collins contributed to this report.
___
Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ .
Related Articles Crews rush to repair Oroville Dam emergency spillway
Diehards in Oroville not afraid of dams: ‘If grandma ain't, I'm not.'
Evacuation order lifted for residents near Oroville Dam
Map: towns threatened by the Oroville Dam crisis
OROVILLE — While our smartphones all show rain dominating the next 10 days, the troubled Oroville Dam's two spillways may not be tested as heavily as previously feared, according to data reviewed by this newspaper and a meteorologist.
Let's dive into the hard data and forecasts:
The Feather River basin over the next 10 days is expected to receive 7.5 inches of rain, far less than the 13.6 inches that fell from Feb. 5 to 11 that precipitated a sinkhole in the main spillway and the near-failure of the emergency spillway. In addition, the next 10 days of rain will be more spread out, with the largest amount of rain expected Tuesday at 2.0 inches. The earlier wet period had three days each with higher than 2 inches of rain.
“This storm is going to be a normal winter storm, nothing very extraordinary,” said meteorologist Jan Null.
The upcoming weather is also predicted to be much colder, with snow levels dropping as low as 3,500 feet. Snow in cold weather will stick and create less run-off in the short term, Null said. The earlier rain came with higher snow elevations, meaning warmer weather and more run-off.
Null also noted the inflows from the earlier storms (which had nearly twice as much rain and warmer temperatures) peaked at 190,000 cubic feet of water per second on Feb. 9. For much of that storm, inflow surpassed the 100,000 CFS levels that officials are now draining out the damaged main Oroville spillway.
With the gradual rain coming this week, Null said the inflow would be far less, perhaps a quarter the run-off as the previous storm. The Feb. 9-10 warm downpour created 6.2 inches over that 48-hour period, while the max two-day expected rain in the next 10 days is 2.8 inches with colder weather.
Graphs of the West Branch and Middle Fork of the Feather River, which feed into the Oroville Dam, show the significant drop in flow since the last storm, including what is expected through next week.
In addition, upstream dams are now holding back water to assist in lightening the load at Oroville, Null said.
“The lake should keep coming down, even with the rain, just at a slower rate,” Null said.
Lastly, state water officials efforts to drain the reservoir have been working, averaging around 4 inches an hour drop in water elevation. As of 4 p.m. Tuesday, the reservoir level had dropped to 885.57 feet, about 15 feet below the lip of the emergency spillway.
With the first major rain expected to hit Friday, that gives state water officials roughly 72 hours to continue draining. At the current rate of inflows and outflows, that could drop the reservoir by another 24 feet by Friday afternoon, providing a nearly 40-foot buffer for the incoming heavy rain.
Null said the big weather elephant in the room (or dam) is the record snowpack. A sudden burst of warm spring weather could cause serious inflow into Oroville Dam, and others across the state.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:36 Nick Chubb on why he's returning for another year
