THEY'RE famous for their song ‘Say You'll Be There', and lyrics like “make it last forever, friendship never ends”.
Now all five former members of the Spice Girls have been there for each other after they held a private meeting in the UK, sparking further speculation of a future plan to reunite the girl-power group.
Photos posted by the group's members on social media showed Victoria “Posh Spice” Beckham, 43, Melanie “Sporty Spice” Chisholm, 44, Emma “Baby Spice” Bunton, 42, Melanie “Scary Spice” Brown 44, and Geri “Ginger Spice” Horner, now 45.
In Mel B's Instagram post, she wrote: “These amazing women have helped me become who I am, so to all the girls out there remember “friendship never ever ends”!!!! Boom #spicegirls #coloursoftheword #wantwereallyreallywant #mumsworkinghard #blast-off”
Camera Icon The Spice Girls at a private reunion. Picture: Supplied, Mel B, Instagram
Mel C reposted Mel B's photo and wrote: “As usual, I'm a bit late to the party! Some of you may have seen this photo doing the rounds today ... #girlpower2018 @emmaleebunton @victoriabeckham @therealgerihalliwell @officialmelb Love y'all”
Emma Bunton's post with the same photo shared by Mel B was a bit more cryptic with a caption that said: “Great catch up with my girls! #bffs always, the future is looking spicy!”
Geri Horner (née Halliwell) also left fans with an intriguing note on the same photo saying: “Lovely seeing the girls #girlpower is alive and well.”
Former Posh Spice Victoria Beckham later posted two photographs to Instagram, telling fans about their day together.
She wrote: “Love my girls!!! So many kisses!!! X Exciting x” and “Love u all so much!!! X Such a great day!! Thank u Simon! X VB”
Camera Icon Victoria Beckham posts to Instagram. Picture: Supplied, Instagram, Victoria Beckham
Camera Icon Another photo posted today by former Posh Spice, Victoria Beckham. Picture: Supplied, Victoria Beckham, Instagram
They had been seen earlier arriving at Horner's home north of London, along with their former manager Simon Fuller.
The Sun newspaper reported the quintet is considering several projects, including a TV talent show, though not a live tour.
The Sun also reported that Beckham's chauffeur-driven car was spotted in Horner's driveway, while Mel C wore sunglasses and a pair of jeans as she strolled down the street to Horner's luxury home.
Bunton was later spotted leaving the house, looking in cheery mood in a bright blue coat and black trousers.
The famous five shared lunch together and it is the first time they have been reunited since 2012, when they performed at the London Olympics.
Camera Icon British band 'The Spice Girls' perform during the Closing Ceremony at the 2012 Summer Olympics, in London. Picture: AP
The Spice Girls were a 1990s phenomenon, with hits including “Wannabe.”
They split in 2000. Now the group's highest-profile member is Beckham, a fashion designer married to former soccer star David Beckham.
The Sun also reports that the five members of the group will get £10million ($A17.8 million) each for new projects — with Beckham believed to have sought assurances she will not have to sing.
Camera Icon The Spice Girls from way back in 1997. Picture: Supplied
Beckham has previously admitted that producers used to switch her microphone off while she was on stage so fans could only hear Emma Bunton, Mel B, Mel C and Geri Halliwell singing.
She recalled in 2016: “They used to turn it off and just let the others sing. I got the last laugh — and now my mic is well and truly on, finally.”
Beckham has been reluctant to do a reunion gig with the other band members as she wanted to concentrate on her own business venture.
Camera Icon 'The Spice Girls' perform during the Closing Ceremony at the 2012 Summer Olympics, in London. Picture: AP
But they are all reportedly considering TV projects in China, endorsement deals and a great hits album.
The new move to reunite the Spice Girls for a whole new raft of projects comes after Mel C previously revealed they wouldn't reform in any way unless all five were involved.
Last year, she told ITV's The Nightly Show: “That's where I'm at right now, that's where myself and Victoria are at.”
Camera Icon UK pop group The Spice Girls in a scene from 1997 film Spice World. Picture: Supplied
“It's not really doing the band justice to go out as a four-piece, whoever is missing, it doesn't matter. For me, Spice Girls, it's like a jigsaw puzzle.”
The Spice Girls were not like other groups that reunited without all original members, she added.
“It's different to other bands because you look at Take That and they are going out as a three-piece, and they are brilliant, I love the boys.
“But with the Spice Girls everything about us was the individuality and what that created together.”
Detecting red blood cells in the urine of asymptomatic patients who don't see blood when they urinate (asymptomatic microscopic hematuria) is common but it can signal cancer in the genitourinary system.
Routine urinalysis for screening of genitourinary cancer isn't recommended by any major health group but patients who undergo urinalysis for a variety of other reasons are often found to have microscopic hematuria, which prompts further evaluation. A new article published by JAMA Internal Medicine explores the cost-effectiveness of four initial diagnostic protocols for these patients.
Joshua A. Halpern, M.D., M.S., of Weill Cornell Medicine, New York, and his coauthors analyzed the cost-effectiveness of: computed tomography (CT) alone, cystoscopy (using a scope to examine the urinary tract) alone, CT and cystoscopy combined, and renal (kidney) ultrasound and cystoscopy combined.
The combination of cystoscopy and renal ultrasound was the most cost-effective with an incremental cost of $53,810 per cancer detected, according to the results.
"The use of ultrasound in lieu of CT as the first-line diagnostic strategy will reduce the cost, morbidity and national expenditures associated with evaluation of AMH [asymptomatic microscopic hematuria]. Clinicians and policymakers should consider changing future guidelines in accordance with this finding," the article concludes.
###
To read the full study, please visit the For The Media website.
(JAMA Intern Med. Published online April 17, 2017. doi:10.1001/jamainternmed.2017.0739; available pre-embargo at the For The Media website.)
Editor's Note: Please see the article for additional information, including other authors, author contributions and affiliations, financial disclosures, funding and support, etc.
Related material: The commentary, "Asymptomatic Microscopic Hematuria - Rethinking the Diagnostic Algorithm," by Leslee L. Subak, M.D., and Deborah Grady, M.D., M.P.H., of the University of California, San Francisco, also is available on the For The Media website.
Related audio material: An interview with the authors is available for preview on the For The Media website. The podcast will be live when the embargo lifts on the JAMA Internal Medicine website.
April 10 U.S. stocks opened little changed on Monday as investors prepared for big banks to kick off the first-quarter earnings season later in the week.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 13.73 points, or 0.07 percent, at 20,669.83, the S&P 500 was up 1.52 points, or 0.064529 percent, at 2,357.06 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 6.04 points, or 0.1 percent, at 5,883.86. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
Photo of police and security waiting for the jet at the gate.
Photo of the plane arriving at the gate.
A Delta Air Lines flight diverted to Tulsa after a disturbance just before noon on Wednesday.
Police and security officers met the plane when it arrived at the gate and a witness said a man was taken into custody.
According to FlightAware.com, it was Delta flight 1156, a Boeing 737 en route from Portland to Atlanta. It landed in Tulsa at about 11:30 a.m.
PERTH Flyhalf Elton Jantjies scored a try after the hooter to lead South Africa's Lions to a bonus-point 24-15 victory over the Western Force of Australia in their Super Rugby clash on Saturday.
Last year's beaten finalists ended a run of six straight losses against the Force and claimed an eighth victory in nine matches in Super Rugby this season.
Centre Lionel Mapoe and wing Courtnall Skosan also scored tries for the visitors in the first half, while Jantjies landed three conversions and a penalty.
All the points for the home side came from the boot of scrumhalf Ian Prior, who kicked five penalties.
The Lions made a positive start and after opting for an attacking lineout from a penalty, Mapoe burst through the Force backline to score the opening try inside seven minutes.
The Force started to get the upper-hand in the territory stakes, but could find no way through the Lions defence. They were rewarded with a penalty that was converted by Prior, who added a second after an illegal steal from the visitors.
The Lions were having to feed off scraps of possession, but grabbed a second try with a well-worked backline move that involved good hands from hooker Malcolm Marx, Jantjies and Mapoe, who eventually found Skosan to dot down in the corner.
Prior landed a third penalty to see the Force trail 14-9 at halftime, before a massive scrum early in the second half gave him the opportunity to close the gap to two points.
Jantjies extended the visitors' lead again with another three points after the Force went offside, but Prior kicked his fifth penalty with 15 minutes to play.
The home side spent much of the remainder of the game in the Lions half, but could not force more points, and in the end succumbed to a third try for the visitors.
The Lions opted for a scrum from a penalty right in front of the Force posts after the hooter had sounded, bravely seeking the bonus point when they might have taken an easy three points to end the game.
Jantjies produced an excellent angled run after receiving the ball from the scrum and completed a sixth-straight victory for his side in this year's competition.
The Force handed a debut to 22-year-old South African-born wing James Verity-Amm.
(Reporting By Nick Said,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
SHANGHAI China's environment ministry said it will send 5,600 inspectors on a year-long investigation into the sources of air pollution in major northern cities.
The Ministry of Environmental Protection (MEP) said in a notice posted late on Wednesday on its official website (www.mep.gov.cn) that inspections into 28 northern cities in and around the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region will focus on improving the way the country's standards and laws are enforced.
The 28 cities have already pledged to draw up detailed action plans to address smog, promising to shut small polluting enterprises and halve coal and steel production in the winter.
The region is a frontline in China's "war on pollution", but despite improvements last year it saw average concentrations of breathable particles known as PM2.5 rise 48 percent in the first two months of 2017.
The notice said the latest campaign, described as the largest ever undertaken, would seek to "normalize compliance" in a region frequently accused of turning a blind eye to polluters in order to protect jobs and revenues.
The ministry has routinely named and shamed local governments and enterprises in northern China for failing to comply with anti-smog regulations.
China is also launching a new round of inspections that will focus on overall environmental compliance in 15 provinces and regions, including the city of Shanghai, Liaoning in the northeast and the island of Hainan on the southeast coast.
The first round of inspections last year, which covered big coal-producing regions like Inner Mongolia, Ningxia and Shanxi, showed that progress had been made in the battle against air pollution, but water quality in some areas had deteriorated sharply.
(Reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
TOKYO An American has been detained in Tokyo for allegedly assaulting an airline employee after a fight on a plane bound for Los Angeles, police said on Wednesday, in the latest bout of plane rage to go viral on social media.
All Nippon Airways Flight 6 was waiting to take off from Narita airport on Monday when the fight broke out, media said.
An airport police officer, who declined to be identified, said the suspect, an American in his 40s, was being held on suspicion of injuring an ANA employee.
The video of the onboard altercation was attributed to Corey Hour, a Phoenix-based videographer sitting a few rows behind the suspect. It showed a man clad in a red-patterned shirt punching another man and then evading a female flight attendant who attempted to calm him.
Media said the man also assaulted a gate agent when leaving the plane.
"ANA staff and passengers handled the situation with grace and respect. They did the best they could to defuse the situation," Hour said in an unverified tweet on Monday.
ANA, operated by ANA Holdings Inc., could not be immediately reached for comment.
The incident came after last month's viral video of 69-year-old passenger David Dao being dragged from a United Airlines flight at Chicago after he refused to give up his seat to make room for crew members.
A separate passenger video on an American Airlines flight last month showed a woman on a plane in tears holding a child in her arms and another at her side after an encounter with a flight attendant over a baby stroller.
(Reporting by Lisa Twaronite; Editing by Nick Macfie)
France 13
Ireland 15
Murray Kinsella reports from Stade de France
IT LOOKED LIKE Ireland were down and out, but Johnny Sexton stepped up with the clock in the red to steal a win for Ireland in Paris.
From 45 metres out and after more than 40 Irish phases that started deep in their own half, the Ireland out-half showed huge composure and skill to slam over the stunning long-range match-winning three points.
In the middle of that attack there came another demonstration of Sexton's class – a perfect cross-field kick to Keith Earls that provided Ireland with real momentum.
France hadn't looked remotely like winning this game for the vast majority and yet they appeared to have clinched the victory in typically thrilling fashion, with Teddy Thomas scorching over for what might have been the winning try in the 74th minute.
Sexton stole the win for Ireland. Source: James Crombie/INPHO
Instead, Ireland showed huge character to fight back into the French half and Sexton delivered the winning touch, ensuring what was just Ireland's third win in Paris since 1972.
Ireland almost left the Stade de France rueing this as missed opportunity after looking in control for long periods, as they just could not shake off a determined French side who have now started the Jacques Brunel era in losing fashion.
A missed penalty from Sexton as the game entered the final quarter gave the French a sniff but he showed his true bottle in nailing the final act of the game.
With three home games to come in the next three rounds, Joe Schmidt's men will now be able to drive on with title ambitions, though they will know they need to vastly improve in the weeks to come.
Ultimately, their attacking game was blunt in admittedly wet conditions – even if they did drag penalties out of the poorly-discipline French side regularly – and they never looked like scoring a try despite a number of visits into the home team's 22.
James Ryan was absolutely immense on his Six Nations debut, Tadhg Furlong had a big performance, while Dan Leavy was superb off the bench after replacing Josh van der Flier, but even with the input of that “new breed” of forwards, Ireland lacked a clinical edge.
For now, though, a win in Paris of any kind will do.
Sebastien Vahaamahina looks to disrupt an Irish maul. Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO
Ireland looked sharp from their very first attack after Conor Murray had tackled Yacouba Camara into touch, with Rory Best throwing to the tail for Six Nations newcomer Ryan to deliver clean ball off the top.
Robbie Henshaw hit centre partner Bundee Aki to make a half break and find the supporting Stockdale, who offloaded to Earls wide on the right. Stretched and scrambling, France's Kevin Gourdon was caught offside and Sexton slotted a third-minute penalty.
Henderson and O'Mahony had lineout steals in the opening quarter as Ireland attacked the French lineout, while Andy Farrell's defence looked comfortable against the French phase play.
New French out-half Jalibert – who was to be forced off injured after just 29 minutes – showed a couple of glimpses of his ability, including an offload to Virimi Vakatawa out on the left, but Ireland were well on control.
Nice hands from the composed Ryan on a link pass allowed Ireland's backs to send Earls hurtling down the right again in the 22nd minute, with Camara going off his feet at a subsequent breakdown and allowing Sexton to make it 6-0.
Ireland needed Kearney to make a brilliant covering run to scoop up the ball soon after, when Ryan forced an offload to Murray off the deck and France hacked the loose ball forward into Ireland's 22. The experienced Kearney showed his pace to get across and gather on the slide, with Murray's box kick relieving the pressure.
Sexton kicked three first-half penalties. Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO
The scrum was going well for Ireland, but they did have issues with their ball-carrying quality and fight on the ground post-tackle, as well as in the speed of their arrival at the breakdown.
Kearney was caught trying to counter in his own half just after the half-hour mark and France captain Guilhem Guirado pounced for a turnover penalty that scrum-half Maxime Machenaud converted to draw les Bleus back to within three points.
Ireland lost Josh van der Flier to a head injury after he slipped into Guirado's tackle but they were able to finish the half strongly when more solid phase play led to Sebastien Vahaamahina conceding a crazy penalty, taking out Murray at the ruck as the Ireland scrum-half cleverly waited for the contact.
Sexton was on target for a third time and Ireland took a 9-3 lead into the break.
Ireland extended that advantage within six minutes of the restart, Dan Leavy making his impact felt as van der Flier's replacement with some strong carrying, while Ryan's excellent tackle allowed Iain Henderson to win a turnover penalty for Ireland in defence.
Again, Ireland ground through phases off the ensuing lineout and Remi Lamerat couldn't resist picking the ball up in an offside position when it popped out of a ruck, Sexton striking the three points for a fourth time.
James Ryan wins an Irish lineout. Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO
But Schmidt's men endured a sloppy period of errors following that penalty, with their next 22 visit ending when Tadhg Furlong was stripped of the ball by Jefferson Poirot, possibly after the tackle had been completed, and a wild passage ensued.
France kicked deep, Ireland attempted to counter but eventually Vahaamahina won a turnover penalty after Leavy's carry and Machenaud closed the leading margin again.
Leavy continued to make an impact, with one lovely offload from a lineout attack, and though that passage ended with a loose Henshaw pass going to deck, a CJ Stander turnover sent Ireland back up into the French 22.
Again, their discipline failed them – captain Guirado failing to roll – and Sexton took the shot at goal only to loose his footing on as he went to strike the ball, his poor effort sailing wide.
Suddenly, Ireland looked less comfortable with that failure to open the margin up to nine points again, French spirits revived.
Vakatawa's bust down the left brought the volume in Stade de France to a new peak but then Vahaamahina came in from the side at ruck time to halt the new-found momentum.
Dan Leavy was superb for Ireland off the bench. Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO
Earls' high tackle on the increasingly influential Vakatawa gave the French another new foothold as both benches began to be sprung, only for Brunel's side to kick the ball away.
France, though, had their tails up and when Kearney's kick deep into their half didn't find touch, they sparked up on that brilliant counter-attack to send Thomas clear and allow replacement out-half Anthony Belleau to convert for a 13-12 lead.
The French had returned Rob Kearney's kick from well inside their own half, replacement scrum-half Antoine Dupont hitting Thomas on the right touchline to burn past Kearney and leave Jacob Stockdale for dead on a delicious arcing run to the tryline.
Belleau missed a 78th-minute penalty to allow Ireland one last chance to steal the win, and they surged into the French half for Sexton to show his class.
France scorers:
Tries: Teddy Thomas
Conversions: Anthony Belleau [1 from 1]
Penalties: Maxime Machenaud [2 from 2]
Ireland scorers:
Drop goal: Johnny Sexton
Penalties: Johnny Sexton [4 from 5]
FRANCE: Geoffrey Palis; Teddy Thomas, Rémi Lamerat, Henry Chavancy, Virimi Vakatawa; Matthieu Jalibert (Anthony Belleau '30), Maxime Machenaud (Antoine Dupont '66 – reversal '76)); Jefferson Poirot (Dany Priso '55), Guilhem Guirado (captain) (Adrien Pelissié '74), Rabah Slimani (Cedate Gomes Sa '55); Sébastien Vahaamahina, Arthur Iturria (Paul Gabrillagues '61); Wenceslas Lauret (Marco Tauleigne '66), Yacouba Camara, Kévin Gourdon.
Replacements not used: Benjamin Fall.
IRELAND: Rob Kearney; Keith Earls, Robbie Henshaw, Bundee Aki, Jacob Stockdale (Fergus McFadden '75); Johnny Sexton, Conor Murray; Cian Healy (Jack McGrath '61), Rory Best (captain) (Sean Cronin '68), Tadhg Furlong (John Ryan '70); James Ryan (Devin Toner '65), Iain Henderson; Peter O'Mahony, Josh van der Flier (Dan Leavy '37), CJ Stander.
Replacements not used: Luke McGrath, Joey Carbery.
Referee: Nigel Owens [WRU].
Attendance: 74,878.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
March 31 Can Fite Biopharma Ltd:
* Can Fite reports 2016 financial results & provides clinical update
* Sees FY 2019 sales $1.4 billion
* Can Fite Biopharma Ltd - Can Fite expects to be ready to commence its pivotal phase III acrobat trial of piclidenoson in Q2 of 2017
* Can Fite Biopharma Ltd - Psoriasis market is forecast to be $8.9 billion in 2018 and otezla® sales are estimated to be $2.35 billion by 2020
* Can Fite Biopharma Ltd - liver cancer drugs are expected to generate $1.4 billion in sales in 2019
* Can Fite Biopharma Ltd - by 2025, addressable pharmaceutical market for NASH is estimated to reach $35-40 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve could streamline the stress-testing process for banks and might consider making banks submit plans less frequently for how they would handle bankruptcy, Fed Governor Jerome Powell said on Thursday.
Powell said applying so-called qualitative standards in stress tests after the financial crisis played a key role in getting banks to understand their risks. The tests were aimed at assessing whether banks were adequately managing risks.
"We've seen a great deal of progress," Powell told an event for financial firms. "I do think we're getting to the point where qualitative supervision of risk management can no longer be part of the stress test but will return to being part of the normal supervision of firms."
He also said it might be time for the Fed to consider making banks submit so-called living wills every two years, rather than annually as is currently required. The resolution plans outline how a failing bank could handle bankruptcy without requiring a taxpayer bailout.
Separately, Powell said the Fed might ease the regulatory burden it puts on the boards of directors of banks so the boards can focus on banking strategy rather than an "overly detailed checklist of supervisory process requirements."
"We are currently reassessing whether our supervisory expectations for boards need to change," Powell said prepared remarks for an event with financial firms.
Powell, who besides banking regulatory policy also has a vote on the Fed's interest rate decisions, said the U.S. economy appeared to be "at or close to full employment."
(Reporting by Pete Schroeder and Jason Lange; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
A A
Volunteer Connections provides opportunities through the Human Services Council.
For information on the following and other opportunities, call 360-735-3683.
• Battle Ground Health Care, a free clinic, is looking for volunteer help in the office, and from dental hygienists and dentists.
• CDM Services seeks friendly volunteers in its Elder Friends program, to visit in person and by telephone with isolated elders. A commitment of four visits per month for a year with one elder friend is requested.
• Inter Faith Treasure House needs volunteers to sort donations during four-hour shifts. The ability to stand and lift 20 pounds is required.
• Silver Buckle Ranch offers ranch and equine assisted programs for kids 4 to 17. Volunteers are needed to help with chores related to barn and horse care.
• Volunteer Connections is seeking a skilled grant writer/researcher or sponsorship developer to help launch a new educational event series.
• West Columbia Gorge Humane Society needs dog and cat shelter volunteers to help at the shelter. Foster homes to provide on-call, temporary, or long-term homes for animals are also needed.
Democratic Rep. Justin Parish announced on Facebook this morning that he will not run for re-election.
“I've said from the beginning, that I'll run for re-election unless I'm able to find someone who can do it better than me,” Parish said in the video. “After many conversations, I think I have. My former chief of staff Robert Edwardson, who worked with me from the beginning, has agreed to serve, has agreed to put his name into the hat, and I hope that you'll support him.”
Edwardson is a Democrat and a member of the Juneau Assembly.
Another assembly member, Deputy Mayor Jerry Nankervis, is running as a Republican for the seat.
House District 34 includes the Mendenhall Valley, the Juneau Airport area and neighborhoods to the northwest.
Editor's note: We've posted an expanded version of this story with comment from Rob Edwardson.
© REUTERS/ Maxim Shemetov Russia to Respond Adequately to US Sanctions Expansion
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Former US Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson will deliver his testimony to the House Intelligence Committee in a public hearing on Wednesday, according to the US House of Representatives calendar.
Johnson's testimony is scheduled to begin at 10 a.m. EST (2 p.m. GMT), the calendar revealed on Wednesday.
The US House Intelligence Committee is investigating alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
Congressman Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the committee, said last week that its members would invite Johnson to testify in an open session, followed by a closed session.
Russian officials including President Vladimir Putin have denied allegations that the Kremlin interfered in the vote, saying Moscow does not interfere in the affairs of other countries.
Turkish court appoints trustees to 48 more companies over alleged Gülen links
A court in Aydın province appointed trustees to the management of 48 companies, including leading freezer company Uğur, over alleged links to the Gülen movement. According to the T24 website, the Aydın court appointed Turkey's state-run Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (TMSF) as the new trustee of 48 companies.
The Turkish government has been confiscating the private property of non-loyalist businesspeople without due process on unsubstantiated charges of terrorist links. Nearly 1,000 companies with $12 billion in assets have been transferred to the TMSF since a coup attempt on July 15, 2016. The companies in question were mostly targeted as part of a state crackdown against the Gülen movement. Among the seized companies are more than 160 media outlets that used to have critical editorial policies.
The government's crackdown against the movement, however, is not limited to the period following the coup attempt since the management of many organizations affiliated with the movement have already been seized by the TMSF over the course of the past three years.
Turkey survived a controversial military coup attempt on July 15, 2016 that killed 249 people. Immediately after the putsch the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) government along with President Erdoğan pinned the blame on the movement.
Fethullah Gülen, who inspired the movement, strongly denied having any role in the failed coup and called for an international investigation into it, but President Erdoğan — calling the coup attempt “a gift from God” — and the government initiated a widespread purge aimed at cleansing sympathizers of the movement from within state institutions, dehumanizing its popular figures and putting them in custody.
Turkey's Justice Ministry announced on July 13 that 50,510 people have been arrested and 169,013 have been the subject of legal proceedings on coup charges since the failed coup. Turkish government has also suspended or dismissed more than 150,000 judges, teachers, police and civil servants after the coup attempt. (SCF with turkeypurge.com)
Related
HONG KONG, April 6 A Chinese court has ordered Samsung Electronics's Chinese subsidiaries to pay 80 million yuan ($11.60 million) to Huawei Technologies over patent infringement, said a local government-run media outlet.
Three units of Samsung Electronics, including Samsung China Investment Limited, have been ordered by the Quanzhou Intermediary Court to pay the sum for infringing a patent held by Huawei Device Co. Limited, the handset unit of China's Huawei, the Quanzhou Evening News, a government-run newspaper, said on its website on Thursday.
When contacted, Samsung said it will respond after reviewing the court's ruling. Huawei could not immediately be reached for comment. ($1 = 6.8992 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Sijia Jiang; Additional reporting by Se Young Lee in SEOUL; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
CTV Atlantic
A man has died following a three-vehicle crash north of Tracadie, N.B., Monday afternoon.
New Brunswick RCMP say the crash happed along Highway 11 near Six Roads, N.B., around 1:30 p.m.
Police believe a car crossed the centre line and collided with a transport truck hauling logs.
Police say the driver of the car, who was from Cantons de Basque, died at the scene.
A female passenger in the car was taken to hospital with serious injuries, according to the RCMP.
“A second vehicle was also involved in the crash when it was unable to avoid the collision,” police said in a new release. “The driver, a 27-year-old woman and two children under the age of five, were not injured."
Police say during the crash, the driver of the transport truck lost control and went off the overpass into the road below.
The 43-year-old driver was treated for non-life-threatening injuries.
Police say the investigation remains ongoing.
To be fair, we don't get many stand-up comedians coming over to give us a laugh, in fact, we don't get any. But things are changing and for all those who wonder how one person can get a whole room of people laughing for an hour or so – it is an acquired taste – there is comedian on his way that is willing to stand up and crack a few jokes.
The man who is up for the challenge is Lebanon's King of Comedy, as they call him. His real name is Nemr Abou Nassar and he has been making the crowds laugh since 2006, when he decided to use comedy as a sense of unity. He has branded his comedy under the creed ‘No Politics, No Religion, One Love'.
His first paid gig was in 2007, at the Café Rue 75 at Hotel de Ville in Achrafieh, Lebanon, and it was the first official stand-up comedy show in the region. Since then he has headed his own feature specials, produced and starred in the Beirut Stand Up Comedy Festival and the Middle East first live comedy radio show The Comedy Revolution on Mix FM, as well as performing in America and being featured on Comedy Central's Insider.
Nemr – Stand-up Comedy
Stand-up comedy by the Lebanese born comedian. January 5. Pattihio Theatre, Limassol. 8.30pm. €30/25/20. Tel: 25-377277
LOS ANGELES COUNTY
‘The Two Noble Kinsmen'
The Kingsmen Shakespeare Co. presents what is thought to be Shakespeare's last play, with coauthor John Fletcher, a tragicomic story about a love triangle. The play is based on “The Knight's Tale” by Geoffrey Chaucer.
When: 8 p.m. July 6-8 and 13-15. Festival grounds open 5:30 p.m. for picnic and entertainment.
Where: California Lutheran University, 60 W. Olsen Road, Thousand Oaks.
Tickets: $25; $20 ages 65 and older; $15 for students with ID; free for ages 17 and younger. Check website for lawn box reservations and requirements; $90/$110.
Information: 805-493-3452, info@kingsmenshakespeare.org, Kingsmenshakespeare.org
‘A Midsummer Night's Dream'
Shakespeare comedy about lovers in an enchanted forest and the people they encounter.
When: Previews 7 p.m. July 5-6. Opens, 7 p.m. July 7. Show runs 7 p.m. various dates through Sept. 2. Where: Old Zoo at Griffith Park, Los Angeles (check website for detailed directions).
Tickets: Free tickets and parking. Donations welcome. No dogs. Bring a picnic; blanket or a low-back chair.
Information: 818-710-6306, www.iscla.org
‘Three Days in the Country'
A play by Patrick Marber, based on Turgenev's “A Month in the Country,” about a tutor changing the lives and loves of a family.
When: Previews 8 p.m. July 5-7; 2 p.m. July 8 and 8 p.m. July 10-11. Show runs various dates from July 14-Aug. 26.
Where: Antaeus Theatre Co., Gindler Performing Arts Center, 110 E. Broadway, Glendale.
Tickets: $15 previews; $30 Monday, Thursday and Friday; $34 Saturday-Sunday. Information: 818-506-1983, www.antaeus.org
‘On Your Feet! The Story of Emilio & Gloria Estefan'
The musical by Alexander Dinelaris, Emilio Estefan and Gloria Estefan about the life and pop musical success of the Cuban-born duo.
When: Opens 8 p.m.July 6. Show runs 2 and 8 p.m. July 7; 1 and 6:30 p.m. July 8; dates through July 29. Minimum suggested age 8. No children age 4 and younger. Where: Pantages Theatre, 6233 Hollywood Blvd., Hollywood.
Tickets: $35 and up (plus fees).
Information: 323-468-1770, 800-982-2787, www.hollywoodpantages.com
ORANGE COUNTY
‘Hello Dolly'
Jerry Herman's energetic musical, winner of 15 Tony Awards, is staged by One More Productions.
Where: Gem Theatre, 12852 Main St., Garden Grove
When: Previews Thursday, July 12 and Friday, July, 13, opens Saturday, July 14 with dates through Aug. 5.
Tickets: $30 general admission (opening night $45)
Information: 714-741-9550, ext. 221; onemoreproductions.com
‘Million Dollar Quartet'
Inspired by the most famous jam session in rock ‘n' roll history, this musical recreates a night in 1956 when Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis and Carl Perkins laid down songs at Sun Studios.
Where: Laguna Playhouse, 606 Laguna Canyon Road, Laguna Beach
When: Plays through July 29. 7:30 p.m. Tuesdays-Saturdays, 2 p.m. Thursdays and Saturdays, 1 and 6 p.m. Sundays.
Tickets: $81-$111
Information: 949-497-2787; lagunaplayhouse.com
‘Big Fish'
This musical adaptation of Daniel Wallace's novel and Tim Burton's film tells the story of a son trying to unravel the real life of his elderly father, who is known for his tall tales.
Where: Chance Theater, 5522 E. La Palma Ave., Anaheim
When: Last preview Friday, July 6; opens Saturday, July 7, with dates through July 29; 7:30 p.m. Thursdays, 8 p.m. Fridays-Saturdays, 3 p.m. Saturdays-Sundays.
Tickets: $35 for previews, $40 for regular performances
Information: 888-455-4212; chancetheater.com
‘The Rocky Horror Show'
Richard O'Brien's original 1973 stage musical returns as the perfect summer cocktail of rock ‘n' roll, camp and Transylvanian Transexuals. Not intended for those under 17.
When: Opens tonight, June 22; 8 p.m. Saturdays and Sundays through Aug. 11.
Where: Maverick Theater, 110 E. Walnut Ave., Fullerton
Tickets: $30 general admission; $15 students
Information: 714-526-7070; mavericktheater.com
RIVERSIDE COUNTY
‘The Compleat Works of William Shakespeare (Abridged)'
Get your fill of the Bard with the latest production from Shakespeare in the Vines. This production, which features three actors performing all 37 of Shakespeare's plays in under 2 hours, is outdoors. It can get chilly, so bring a blanket or a jacket.
When: 7:30 p.m. July 12-15, 19-22, 26-28.
Where: Baily Vineyard & Winery, 33440 La Serena Way, Temecula
Tickets: $22 general admission; $30 reserved seating; $17 for seniors (55 and older), students and military with valid photo ID.
Information: www.shakespeareinthevines.org; 951-402-7488
SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY
‘We Will Rock You'
If you just can't wait for “Bohemian Rhapsody” to hit theaters in November, check out this musical featuring the work of Queen. Cameron Harris directs this production from the Rialto Community Players.
When: 8 p.m. Saturday, July 7. 2 p.m. Sunday, July 8. 8 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays, 2 p.m. Sundays through Aug. 5.
Where: Sandra R. Courtney Community Theatre, 150 E. San Bernardino Ave., Rialto.
Tickets: $18 general admission; $15 seniors and students with ID.
Information: 909-873-8514; rialtocommunityplayers.com
Hundreds of marine turtles die every year after becoming entangled in rubbish in the oceans and on beaches, including plastic 'six pack' holders and disgarded fishing gear.
The rise in plastic refuse in the ocean and on beaches is killing turtles of all species, with a disproportionate impact on hatchlings and young turtles, research by the University of Exeter shows.
A world-wide survey covering the major oceans where turtles live found that 91 per cent of the entangled turtles were found dead. They also suffered serious wounds from entanglement, leading to maiming, amputation or choking. Others that survived were forced to drag disgarded rubbish or debris with them.
The survey found turtles are being tangled up in lost fishing nets, plastic twine and nylon fishing line, as well as six pack rings from canned drinks, plastic packaging straps, plastic balloon string, kite string, plastic packaging and discarded anchor line and seismic cable. Turtles were also discovered entangled in discarded plastic chairs, wooden crates, weather balloons and boat mooring line.
The research, published in Endangered Species Research, sheds light on the true threat of plastic pollution to marine turtles, which, other research has shown, also eat plastic rubbish, and marine creatures caught up in it.
Professor Brendan Godley. Professor of Conservation Science and Director of the Centre for Ecology & Conservation at the University of Exeter's Penryn campus and the lead author warned that as plastic pollution increases more and more turtles are likely to become entangled.
Mortality from entanglement has increased substantially over the last century, as with marine mammals and birds.
84 per cent of the 106 experts surveyed on the Atlantic, Pacific Caribbean, Mediterranean and Indian ocean coast, who responded said they had found turtles tangled in rubbish, including plastic debris and lost or disgarded fishing gear.
The report concluded that, based on the survey results, that more than 1000 turtles are likely to die due to entanglement. But the figure is likely to be a 'gross underestimation' of the scale of the threat to turtles. Not all dead turtles strand on beaches, especially young animals, and some decay at sea. Some of the experts surveyed said that not all stranded turtles are found and that some are removed by local people to eat.
Hatchlings and young sea turtles are particularly susceptible to getting tangled up in lost or disgarded fishing gear or floating debris. Juvenile turtles ride on ocean currents to zones where floating rubbish and debris is concentrated creating an 'ecological trap'. They also 'set up home' near floating debris and can remain there for years.
Professor Godley, the lead author, said the mortality rate from becoming tangled up in human refuse was, in practice, likely to be far higher than 1,000 turtles a year estimated by the limited survey.
"Plastic rubbish in the oceans, including lost or disgarded fishing gear which is not biodegradable, is a major threat to marine turtles. We found, based on beach strandings, that more than 1000 turtles are dying a year after becoming tangled up, but this is almost certainly a gross underestimate. Young turtles and hatchings are particularly vulnerable to entanglement," he said.
"Experts we surveyed found that entanglement in plastic and other pollution could pose a long term impact on the survival of some turtle populations and is a greater threat to them than oil spills. We need to cut the level of plastic waste and purse biodegradable alternatives if we are to tackle this grave threat to turtles' welfare."
The Exeter University research team, which included two research students Emily Duncan and Zara Botterell who work in conjunction with Plymouth Marine Laboratory, surveyed experts who rescue and rehabilitate stranded turtles in 43 countries, to find out if they had discovered turtles which had been tangled up. They also found 23 reports of entangled turtles in peer-reviewed publications, magazines, newspapers and reports.
All species of turtle were found entangled, but Olive Ridley turtles are the most likely species to get tangled up. The species nests in the hundreds of thousands. It forages in areas where marine debris can aggregate. It may also be attracted to feeding on marine rubbish, including disgarded fishing tackle.
Most entanglements recorded were in lost or discarded fishing gear known as 'ghost fishing' rope, nets and lines. Since the 1950s the fishing industry has replaced natural fibres such as cotton, jute and hemp with synthetic plastic materials such as nylon, polyethylene and polypropylene which doesn't biodegrade in water.
The report concludes: "Entanglement with anthropogenic plastic materials, such as discarded fishing gear, as well as land based sources, is an underreported and under researched threat to marine turtles."
But it points out some communities are actively working to rescue turtles that get tangled up. Fishermen in Sicily volunteer to take part in the rescue of turtles in difficulty at sea and on beaches, and are trained to transfer them to rescue centres.
###
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
In an appearance Friday on ESPN's “Pardon the Interruption,” Sports Illustrated football writer Peter King said that the NFL was “very concerned” about the decline in ratings this year.
Many attribute the ratings drop to the politicization of the NFL, while King said he believed it stemmed from the younger generation moving to other sports.
“I think the league's very concerned,” he told co-host Michael Wilbon.
He continued, “I do think the one thing that is very, very concerning: the numbers in youth football that are moving away from football and going to other sports.”
According to King, the sport's concussion and CTE issues are the main reasons why parents are not allowing their children to play.
King offered up a solution, saying the NFL should “get behind” youth flag football or else they will lose more parents.
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent
The Last Supper at the Limburg abbey is the closest existing copy of Da Vinci's masterpiece. It is believed that at least two figures on the Limburg painting were the work of the Italian master.
For years now Jean-Pierre Isbouts has been involved in research on Da Vinci's early years in Milan where the "Last Supper" fresco was painted in the Basilica di Santa Maria delle Grazie in 1495. Only 20% of this masterpiece is still visible. Together with Christopher Brown he discovered that the Tongerlo version that is little known outside Limburg most closely resembles the original. They believe that Jesus and John (to his left) are the work of Da Vinci. The replica measures 45 square metres and has been at the abbey since 1545.
The Limburg painting has survived the test of time. It was fortunate that during the French Revolution somebody rolled it up and hid it in a granary. Otherwise it would now be hanging in the Louvre in Paris. The work also survived fire at the abbey in 1929. The Flemish monks took great care of the work entrusted to them, but a restauration costing a half a million euros is urgently needed. It was with little success that the academics approached the Flemish authorities for the funding they claim. Possibly the authorities were put off by the concept "copy". Twelve businesses and organisations are so far prepared to cough up cash. The abbey fathers are even considering opening up the abbey for visitors early as it usually stays shut until Easter.
SEVIERVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) — The Sevierville Police Department is asking for the public's help to identify two men suspected of stealing money from a laundromat.
Police shared surveillance videos of two men getting out of their car and standing in front of washers and dryers. Officers said the men are suspected of stealing money fromt he washer/dryer coin machines at Eastgate Laundry located at 715 Eastgate Road.
Anyone with information is asked to call Detective Sgt. Ray Brown at (865) 868-1749.
People in the Town of Ladysmith are breathing easier now that a new bio-solids facility is up and running.
The new facility processes human waste into high quality compost.
Mayor Aaron Stone says it was a long time coming…….
Stone says the one point 8 million dollar facility is less than a kilometre off the Trans-Canada Highway in Ladysmith and there's zero detectable smell.
AMMAN — The Crown Prince Foundation (CPF) on Tuesday signed a memorandum of understanding with the Emirates Youth Council, the Jordan News Agency, Petra, reported.
The memo, which was signed on the sidelines of the World Governments Summit in Dubai, aims at boosting cooperation between the foundation and the council in several fields such as youth projects, initiatives and exchanging expertise and practices.
CPF's CEO Omar Masarweh and UAE Minister of State for Youth Shamma Bint Suhail Faris Al Mazrui signed the agreement in the presence of Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Presidential Affairs Sheikh Mansour Bin Zayed Al Nahyan.
Masarweh said that the MoU came in line with the foundation's vision to share expertise with Arab countries and improve pro-action to empower young people, adding that CPF is looking forward to enhancing team and voluntary work in various fields such as leadership and innovation.
For her part, Mazrui said that the agreement reflects keenness of her country on effective communication with all Arab youth institutions, out of the need to improve young people's skills and build up their capabilities.
PARIS (AP) — Police on Wednesday cleared out about 1,000 people from the largest makeshift migrant camp in the French capital, which became a focal point in France's immigration debate.
The mainly African migrants were moved out of their tent camp along a canal used by joggers and cyclists on Paris' northeast edge, put in buses and taken to gymnasiums in the region as bulldozers ripped out the tents. Several hundred migrants apparently fled before the evacuation.
Two migrants drowned this month in canals along encampments and others have been injured amid rising tensions in the filthy, crowded camps, adding pressure for authorities to act. But the evacuation was delayed for months amid bickering over what to do with the migrants.
“To stay one month here is very, very, very bad for me. All the people have sicknesses and not have food,” said Farouk Ahmed from Sudan.
The encampment held at least 1,400 migrants, local officials have said, but 1,016 were evacuated. Two other makeshift camps in Paris holding some 1,000 migrants are expected to be cleared next week.
Police have cleared out some 28,000 migrants from Paris camps in the past three years, but the arrivals continue.
President Emmanuel Macron wants a tough response to migrants arriving in France. Two days ago, he nevertheless opened the way to citizenship and a job for a Malian migrant who scaled a building and saved a young child dangling from a balcony in what Macron called “an exceptional act.” A video of Mamoudou Gassama's feat went viral, gaining him the nickname “Spider-Man.”
“This is very good for refugees … refugees are helping people,” Ahmed said of Gassama's heroism, claiming that the French regard refugees as “bad.”
A migrant from Chad who was moved to a shelter said he had applied for asylum — meaning he should not have been living in an encampment.
“It has been hard here. It's dirty. There is no toilet. No shower to wash in … You don't eat well here,” Ousmane Tahir said.
The camps have been at the heart of a political debate between French Interior Minister Gerard Collomb and Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo over how to handle migrants. The mayor and dozens of associations pressed for the migrants to be sheltered once dislodged from their encampments, as in the past. The minister dragged his feet.
Hidalgo, who has paid weekly visits to the encampment, said she felt good that the migrants were being taken to shelters, but “I think we could have done without the four-month wait.”
City Hall says it has spent 30 million euros ($34.8 million) since 2015 helping refugees, bolstering state aid, as well as 80 million euros each year on isolated minors.
“This is an issue of dignity,” said Pierre Henry, head of an aid group, France Terre D'Asile. “Street camps should not exist in our country.”
___
Associated Press writers Alex Turnbull and Elaine Ganley in Paris contributed.
Actress and Hulu talk show host Sarah Silverman took to name calling when she insisted that paying taxes for police and firefighters is comparable to socialism.
Silverman jumped on Twitter Monday to respond to a Fox & Friends message that relayed a quote from conservative talk show host and former Secret Service agent Dan Bongino, who insisted that “socialism is a disaster.”
“Socialism is a disaster. The only people who support Socialism are people who don't know what it is or people who want to win elections,” Bongino said in Monday appearance on the popular Fox News morning show.
Silverman scoffed at Bongino's comment and called him “daft” for his stance against socialism.
“Forgive me but you are daft,” Silverman said. “Socialist democrats are for socialized programs within our democracy. Like, education &health care available 4all, making sure all@kids have the same opportunities.. u don't like socialized programs? Do you like the police dept? The fire department?”
Forgive me but you are daft. Socialist democrats are for socialized programs within our democracy. Like, education &health care available 4all, making sure all@kids have the same opportunities.. u don't like socialized programs? Do you like the police dept? The fire department? https://t.co/gxOzXyeH9D — Sarah Silverman (@SarahKSilverman) July 2, 2018
Of course, the actual definition of “socialism” would tend to make Silverman's proclamation suspect. Paying taxes to support police and firefighters is not an example of “government ownership of the means of production and distribution of goods.” Nor is the existence of police and firefighters an example of the elimination of private property or any “unequal distribution of goods,” all part and parcel to the definition of what socialism is.
Additionally, socialism is full, national government control, and police and fire are local matters that are affected by local voters making decisions about who they want to put in positions of leadership to control the policies upon which first responders operate. Indeed, in some places, sheriffs and police chiefs run for office themselves. This is hardly “socialism” because if it were, voters would never have any say at all in what police and firemen do.
Also, paying taxes to support first responders is entirely in keeping with the republic our founders created. And our founders did not create a socialist system.
Paying taxes to support police and firefighters is not exclusive to socialism. Indeed, it is a situation that exists in nearly every single form of government humans have created.
The Love You, America, host, who campaigned for Sen. Bernie Sanders (D-VT) before backing Hillary Clinton in the 2016 general election, is no stranger to outlandish statements.
Last February, Sarah Silverman suggested that the U.S. military could help overthrow President Donald Trump.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — An inmate at a Topeka jail attacked a corrections officer Saturday, giving the officer lacerations and facial injuries.
Shawnee County Department of Corrections Maj. Tim Phelps tells The Topeka Capital-Journal officer Lacy Noll was attacked while on duty Saturday. She was treated then released.
Phelps says the inmate is 26-year-old Allen Thomas Schroeder Jr. of Topeka.
Phelps says the Shawnee County Jail was placed on lockdown during the incident. The lockdown was lifted Sunday, except for the housing unit where the attack occurred.
Schroeder was booked into jail in November in connection to aggravated battery, domestic battery and a parole violation.
The jail is investigating the attack. Phelps says the county sheriff's office will investigate for the district attorney's office, which will decide charges.
0 Study: Even mild head injuries increase risk of Parkinson's disease
Even mild head injuries dramatically increase an individual's risk of developing Parkinson's disease, according to a new large-scale study on veterans.
>> Read more trending news
The new research, published this month in the academic journal Neurology, looked at data collected from 325,870 former members of the U.S. military ranging from 31 to 65 years of age. Researchers discovered that individuals who experienced a concussion at some point during their lives were 56 percent more likely to develop Parkinson's disease than those who had never been knocked out, had not experienced an altered state of consciousness or had not had amnesia for up to 24 hours.
More severe brain trauma made the risk of contracting the disease later in life even more likely. Veterans with a moderate to severe traumatic brain injury saw an 83 percent increased risk.
"This is not the first study to show that even mild traumatic brain injury increases the risk for Parkinson's disease. But we were able to study every single veteran across the U.S. who had been diagnosed at a Veterans Affairs hospital, so this is the highest level of evidence we have so far that this association is real," Dr. Raquel Gardner, the study's lead author, who works for the San Francisco Veterans Affairs (VA) Medical Center, told Reuters.
Kristine Yaffe, another author of the study from the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) and the VA, said that most of the former soldiers who were diagnosed with Parkinson's actually got their head injuries during civilian life.
"While the participants had all served in the active military, many if not most of the traumatic brain injuries had been acquired during civilian life," she explained.
But overall, the number of veterans who were diagnosed with Parkinson's was quite small. Only one in 212 veterans who had experienced a concussion developed the disease. The rate was slightly higher, at one in 134 among those who reported a more serious moderate-to-severe traumatic brain injury.
Dr. Michael Silver, an assistant professor at Emory University's Department of Neurology who was not involved in the research, called the data "robust."
"This has been a controversial issue but most studies that have looked at this have found a correlation between traumatic brain injury (TBI) and the subsequent development of Parkinson's disease. This is of course a difficult topic to study since if you would like to start with a cohort of patients that have suffered TBI, you have to wait and track a subject for years," Silver said.
"With this robust VA data, specifically the fact that the system reliably codes for TBIs, we are able to put the pieces together years later," he said.
Although Silver said the study was well done and controlled for many factors, he suggested a longer follow-up on patients would have made the research more helpful.
"I would have liked a longer follow-up on the subjects since the average age was only 48, and the usual age of onset for Parkinson's disease is in the sixties," he said. "This is an intriguing study and as we gather more data going forward, can make more conclusive links between TBI and Parkinson's disease."
Parkinson's is the most common neurodegenerative disease after Alzheimer's. Risk of the disease increases with age, from about 1 percent at age 60 to around 4 percent at 80.
Silver said that as of now, doctors don't have a way of intervening to prevent Parkinson's. He said that he recommends a "healthy diet and exercise" to patients who have experienced head trauma, as previous studies suggest this could reduce the risk of dementia (which Parkinson's can lead to).
The authors of the study have similar advice for individuals concerned about developing Parkinson's later in life. Gardner told CNN that a healthy diet, regular exercise and keeping medical conditions under control are the best ways to avoid any neurodegenerative disease.
"If anyone is worried, do a little bit better to live more healthily," she said.
Read the new study at n.neurology.org.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
The Gulf Coast Winter Classics horse show about halfway through it's six week run, Here to talk about that Gulf Coast Winter Classics.
CTV Atlantic
The mother of a Cape Breton man who was killed in broad daylight is furious about a plea bargain for her son's killer.
Brandon Berthiaume pleaded guilty on Monday to a lesser charge of second-degree murder in the 2015 death of Brandon Kelly. He was initially charged with first-degree murder.
Kelly's mother, Sherry Cable, voiced her opinion on the plea bargain to Crown prosecutors outside a Sydney courtroom.
"He's gone now. There's no justice that could ever take him back,” says Cable. “But the justice they gave him, it's a joke."
Police were called to a residence in Reserve Mines, N.S., on June 25, 2015. Officers found 24-year-old Brandon Kelly suffering from gunshot wounds. He died at the scene.
Berthiaume, 26, of Ben Eoin, N.S., was arrested in the Halifax area the next day and charged in Kelly's death. He had been set to stand trial in October until Monday's guilty plea to the lesser charge.
He also pleaded guilty to the attempted murder of another man - Norman MacIntyre - in Reserve Mines the same day Kelly was shot and killed. A charge against Berthiaume's mother of being an accessory after the fact was also dropped.
Sherry Cable feels Berthiaume is getting off easy.
"That's no life sentence. He took my son's life."
According to an agreed statement of facts, the mother of Brandon Kelly's now three-year-old child had once dated the accused. It states Kelly sent several messages to Brandon Berthiaume, who began believing Kelly would kill himself and his family.
The facts state Berthiaume threatened Kelly with a shotgun. Kelly was armed with a golf club and died of multiple gunshot wounds.
The Crown says it had no realistic prospect of conviction.
"The difference between first and second degree is a question of premeditation,” says Crown attorney Christa MacKinnon. “After review of the case law and the evidence in this matter, it was determined that second-degree was the appropriate charge."
Brandon Kelly's family will be given the opportunity to read victim impact statements at the sentencing hearing on Aug. 28.
"He's going to get out and walk someday and have a family. I'm never going to see my son again," says Cable.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Ryan MacDonald.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
BERLIN (AP) — The German government says the leaders of Germany, Russia, Ukraine and France have renewed their commitment to implementing a faltering peace deal for eastern Ukraine.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's office said the German leader spoke by phone Monday night with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and French President Francois Hollande.
A 2015 peace deal brokered by France and Germany has helped reduce the scale of fighting, but violence has continued and attempts at a political settlement have failed.
The German statement early Tuesday said the four leaders stressed their commitment to implementing the “security and political aspects of the deal,” underlined the importance of respecting a cease-fire and urged progress on the exchange of prisoners.
They voiced hope that the four-country format will continue under France's next president.
Some of the team from the Maternity Department at SUH. Back row L:R Marcella Kennedy, Roisin Lennon, Juliana Henry, Louise O'Malley. Front row L:R - Anna Burke, Alison Smith, Marcella Lyons.
An electric vehicle is referred as an electric drive vehicle, which is utilized as a part of at least one electric engines. Electric vehicle (EV), moreover called battery electric vehicle (BEV), is affected by electric engines energized by rechargeable battery packs. In electric vehicle, no fuel is used and there is no internal combustion engine. Electric vehicle is a transport which is self-driving for travelers, and utilizes the power already stored in the electric motor batteries, which work with the help of internal engine installed in electric motors. Electric vehicle is the vehicle without bounds and is exceedingly liable to make customary vehicles obsolete.
Market Overview
Electric vehicle utilizes at least one electric engines or footing engines for propulsion. It can be controlled through an authority framework by power from off-vehicle sources, or might act naturally contained with a battery, sun oriented boards or a generator to change over fuel to electricity. Electric vehicle incorporate street and rail vehicles, surface and submerged vessels, electric air ship and electric rocket.
Read Comprehensive Overview of Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/electric-vehicle-component-infrastructure-market.html
Based on component the market can be segmented into Battery Cells and Pack, On-Board Charger, Infotainment System and Instrument Cluster.
Market Dynamics:
Electric vehicle Market is anticipated to witness constant growth over the forecast period. As the government is introducing numerous favorable policies and providing existing subsidies. Increasing vehicle portfolio and range, and low charging time are the major factors which isdriving the global electric vehicle market.
Environmental effect of the oil based transport infrastructure, alongside the fear of peak oil, has prompted re-established enthusiasm for an electric transportation infrastructure, which will boost the market for electric vehicles.High research & development costs that are related to the production & development, lack of charging infrastructure, and short lifespan of batteries are some major restraints of the electric vehicle market.
Download PDF Brochure For Future Advancements https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=32627
Market Segment
Electric vehicle market is segmented on the basis of propulsion technology into, battery electric vehicle, plug-in hybrid electric vehicle, hybrid electric vehicle, and fuel cell vehicle. The plug-in hybrid electric vehicles segment is anticipated to grow among this segment at a rapid pace in the forecast period as there is the higher flexibility of usage in the forthcoming years in market.
On the basis of vehicle type electric vehicle market is segmented into an electric passenger car, commercial vehicle, and two wheelers. Electric passenger cars are the fastest growing segment in the vehicle type segment. Availability of a broad range of electric passenger car with upgraded technology and rising consumer awareness is the major factor which is driving electric passenger cars segment.
Based on the propulsion technology, electric vehicle market can be segmented into BEV (Battery Electric Vehicle), PHEV (Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicle), HEV (Hybrid Electric Vehicle), and FCEV (Fuel Cell Vehicle).
On the basis of regulations, the market can be segmented into battery treatment regulations, safety regulations and subsidies, and taxes based.
Based on charging, electric vehicle can be segmented into normal charging and supercharging.
On the basis of geographical regions the market is segmented into seven different regions: North America, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia-Pacific region, Japan, and Middle East and Africa.
For Detail Analysis Get Table Of Content https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=32627
Electric Vehicle Market: Key Market Players
Some of the key players in the Electric Vehicle Market are BMW, Automotive Energy Supply Corporation, BYD Company Ltd., Car Charging Group, Charge Point, Inc., Delphi Automotive, LG Chem, Nissan Motor Corporation, Panasonic Corporation, Samsung SDI, Tesla Motors Inc., Volkswagen AG, Lucid Motors, Faraday Future, NextEV, Karma Automotive, Next Future Transportation, Inc., and few other regional players.
In 2015, Tesla launched world first electric SUV. A seven-seater 4×4 with hybrid styling and hip gullwing type rear doors, the Model X is additionally outstanding for its guaranteed 257-mile range and quickening to 60mph in as little as 3.2 seconds. Manufacturers of electric vehicle are investing into launching upgraded vehicle and focusing on different approaches to keep up their business in the global electric vehicle market.
“There are many countries in the EU that want the visa regime to stay. They fear that lifting the visa regime could lead to an influx of migrants, including many young Ukrainians who are dodging the draft at home. France doesn't want this, neither do many other [EU] countries,” he said.
Xavier Moreau recalled the recent vote in the Netherlands against Ukraine's proposed association with the European Union and said that Poland and many other EU countries did not wish to see Ukrainian migrants coming in.
“We know perfectly well that with the visas gone the Ukrainians will not go to Romania, they will go to Germany and France and this will certainly create a lot of problems for these two countries if they agree to let them in,” he emphasized.
When asked about the EU's apparent reluctance to become too chummy with Ukraine and Georgia, Xavier Moreau quoted [European Commission President] Jean-Claude Juncker as saying that the EU will not accept any new members in the next five years.
“The EU is no longer able to take in people, let alone new members. Only eight of the 27 EU countries are now paying [for the intake of migrants and new members] and they have no money left to accept anyone else.”
“The EU was used to make these poor Ukrainians believe that this was opening grand prospects for them. In fact, the idea was to break Ukraine away from Russia, not to integrate it into the EU. The offer of EU association made them during the Maidan [coup] made no mention of any such thing. Neither did it offer them visa-free travel to the EU. What EU diplomats promised was a lie,” Xavier Moreau said in conclusion.
On December 15, the European Parliament approved a mechanism that would allow for the suspension of visa-free regimes with Ukraine and Georgia, removing the last obstacle to the implementation of the policy.
However, the consideration of this issue by the European Parliament has been postponed for an indefinite period of time.
The President of the European Parliament, Martin Schulz, earlier said that France, Italy, Germany, Belgium and some other EU countries were not ready to go ahead with visa liberalization for Ukrainian citizens.
Ukraine and Georgia are seeking greater integration with the West, but have been frustrated with the pace of EU moves to bring them closer.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
The DSWD also says aid amounting to P158 million has been given to families affected by Typhoon Nina (Nock-ten)
MANILA, Philippines – Power has been restored to more than 811,000 households in the Bicol and Southern Tagalog regions following outages caused by Typhoon Nina (Nock-ten), the National Electrification Administration (NEA) said.
In a statement on Sunday, January 1, the Department of Energy (DOE) quoted a NEA report as saying that "household restoration stood at 45.95% or a total of 811,327 households served" as of December 30.
Affected areas in Albay, Sorsogon, and Camarines Sur should also expect improvements in the coming days as the Naga-Daraga and Naga-Pili-Iriga power lines have been restored.
The Tabaco Substation serving Tabaco City in Albay province is ready to receive power, according to the Albay Power and Energy Corporation (APEC).
For Oriental Mindoro, 7 towns are fully re-energized while partial restoration has been effected in the towns of Socorro, Pola, Baco, Calapan, Naujan, and Victoria.
The DOE said that it will deploy more people for a target of 100% restoration before the holidays end.
Relief assistance
The Virac Airport in Catanduanes has also been re-energized and operational since Saturday, December 31.
This will allow relief efforts to reach the hard-hit province.
As of Sunday, aid amounting to P158,282,150* ($3.193 million) has been given to affected families, the Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) said in a statement.
DSWD Secretary Judy Taguiwalo reminded the public to inquire with their local goverment units (LGUs) to make sure that aid reaches them.
"DSWD does not have enough manpower to provide the relief goods to the household level. Thus, the family food packs provided by DSWD are with the LGUs. Disaster relief response is primarily the responsibility of the LGUs, with the DSWD ready to augment their resources,” Taguiwalo said.
DSWD is still preparing its response to shelter needs of affected residents. Over 239,000 homes were damaged by the typhoon, and 46,850 familes remain in evacuation centers as of Sunday. – Lian Nami Buan/Rappler.com
*$1 = P49.56
Rain and storms moved away from Oklahoma on Monday, leaving behind our infamous March wind.
But there's good news: The number “80” shows up in the 9-day forecast, and we're not talking wind gusts.
See also: Current Conditions & 9-Day Forecast
Temperatures across Oklahoma have ranged from the mid-40s to the lower 60s on Monday with northwest winds between 20 and 40 mph. The storm system that impacted northwest Oklahoma late Sunday is in the southeastern part of the country, wreaking havoc there with severe weather.
Temperatures will stay seasonable overnight from the lower 30s to 40s across the state -- and then the thermometer starts inching upward. We'll get to the upper 50s and mid-60s on Tuesday and mid-60s to lower 70s on Wednesday.
Links: ESP Radar | Street-level Radar
Thursday's high will be 74.
And then on Friday, the temperature could reach 80. So, if you take a work lunch on Friday, the odds that you'll want to return to the office will be pretty low. Friday is going to be a gorgeous day.
Join meteorologist Cassie Heiter at 10 p.m. for the full 9-day forecast, including a look at what Saturday's follow-up to a fantastic Friday will be!
Take a moment and 'like' our meteorologists on Facebook. They provide you with weather information and analysis day and night. This is a really valuable resource during winter storms of all kinds.
David Payne - click here
Cassie Heiter - click here
Jed Castles - click here
Justin Rudicel - click here
Robyn King - click here
Matt Mahler - click here
Scientists have developed an algorithm that automates a key step in forensic fingerprint analysis, which may make the process more reliable and efficient.
The first big case involving fingerprint evidence in the United States was the murder trial of Thomas Jennings in Chicago in 1911. Jennings had broken into a home in the middle of the night and, when discovered by the homeowner, shot the man dead. He was convicted based on fingerprints left at the crime scene, and for most of the next century, fingerprints were considered, both in the courts and in the public imagination, to be all but infallible as a method of identification.
More recently, however, research has shown that fingerprint examination can produce erroneous results. For instance, a 2009 report from the National Academy of Sciences found that results, "are not necessarily repeatable from examiner to examiner," and that even experienced examiners might disagree with their own past conclusions when they re-examine the same prints at a later date. These situations can lead to innocent people being wrongly accused and criminals remaining free to commit more crimes.
But scientists have been working to reduce the opportunities for human error. This week, scientists from the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and Michigan State University report that they have developed an algorithm that automates a key step in the fingerprint analysis process. Their research has been published in IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security.
"We know that when humans analyze a crime scene fingerprint, the process is inherently subjective," said Elham Tabassi, a computer engineer at NIST and a co-author of the study. "By reducing the human subjectivity, we can make fingerprint analysis more reliable and more efficient."
A Key Decision Point
If all fingerprints were high-quality, matching them would be a breeze. For instance, computers can easily match two sets of rolled prints--those that are collected under controlled conditions, as when you roll all 10 fingers onto a fingerprint card or scanner.
"But at a crime scene, there's no one directing the perpetrator on how to leave good prints," said Anil Jain, a computer scientist at Michigan State University and a co-author of the study. As a result, fingerprints left at a crime scene--so-called latent prints--are often partial, distorted and smudged. Also, if the print is left on something with a confusing background pattern such as a twenty-dollar bill, it may be difficult to separate the print from the background.
That's why, when an examiner receives latent prints from a crime scene, their first step is to judge how much useful information they contain.
"This first step is standard practice in the forensic community," said Jain. "This is the step we automated."
Following that step, if the print contains sufficient usable information, it can be submitted to an Automated Fingerprint Identification System. The AFIS (pronounced AY-fiss) then searches its database and returns a list of potential matches, which the examiner evaluates to look for a conclusive match.
But the initial decision on fingerprint quality is critical.
"If you submit a print to AFIS that does not have sufficient information, you're more likely to get erroneous matches," Tabassi said. On the other hand, "If you don't submit a print that actually does have sufficient information, the perpetrator gets off the hook."
Currently, the process of judging print quality is subjective, and different examiners come to different conclusions. Automating that step makes the results consistent. "That means we will be able to study the errors and find ways to fix them over time," Tabassi said.
Automating this step also will allow fingerprint examiners to process evidence more efficiently. That will allow them to reduce backlogs, solve crimes more quickly, and spend more time on challenging prints that require more work.
Training the Algorithm
The researchers used machine learning to build their algorithm. Unlike traditional programming in which you write out explicit instructions for a computer to follow, in machine learning, you train the computer to recognize patterns by showing it examples.
To get training examples, the researchers had 31 fingerprint experts analyze 100 latent prints each, scoring the quality of each on a scale of 1 to 5. Those prints and their scores were used to train the algorithm to determine how much information a latent print contains.
After training was complete, researchers tested the performance of the algorithm by having it score a new series of latent prints. They then submitted those scored prints to AFIS software connected to a database of over 250,000 rolled prints. All the latent prints had a match in that database, and they asked AFIS to find it.
This testing scenario was different from real casework, because in this test, the researchers knew the correct match for each latent print. If the scoring algorithm worked correctly, then the ability of AFIS to find that correct match should correlate with the quality score. In other words, prints scored as low-quality should be more likely to produce erroneous results--that's why it's so important to not inadvertently submit low- quality prints to AFIS in real casework--and prints scored as high-quality should be more likely to produce the correct match.
Based on this metric, the scoring algorithm performed slightly better than the average of the human examiners involved in the study.
What made this breakthrough possible, beside recent advances in machine learning and computer vision, was the availability of a large dataset of latent prints. Machine learning algorithms need large datasets for training and testing, and until now, large datasets of latent fingerprints have not been available to researchers, largely due to privacy concerns. In this case, the Michigan State Police provided the researchers with the testing dataset, after having first stripped the data of all identifying information.
The next step for the researchers is to use an even larger dataset. This will allow them to improve the algorithm's performance and more accurately measure its error rate.
"We've run our algorithm against a database of 250,000 prints, but we need to run it against millions," Tabassi said. "An algorithm like this has to be extremely reliable, because lives and liberty are at stake."
###
Paper: T. Chugh, K. Cao, J. Zhou, E. Tabassi and A. K. Jain. Latent Fingerprint Value Prediction: Crowd-based Learning. IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security. Published online 28 June 2017. DOI: 10.1109/TIFS.2017.2721099
This year it is estimated nearly 50% of mortgages will be renewing in Canada
This year it is estimated that nearly 50% of mortgages will be renewing here in Canada.
As an interesting coincidence, all manner of economists are forecasting the fixed rates to continue to climb until they end up between 4% and 5% by the end of the year. What does that mean for you?
It means that you want to pull out your mortgage statement to find out exactly when your mortgage is up for renewal and get proactive!
Why should you? First of it is free to switch your mortgage.
The new lender will cover the costs of the legal and the appraisal. Second of all, you can save a whole bunch of money!
A $300,000 mortgage in a five-year fixed rate over 20 years could look like this:
1. 3.34% – monthly payment of $1,711.80 on a balance of $242,488.83.
2. 4% – monthly payment of $1,821.74 on a balance of $245,615.73. That's an increase of $6,596.40 in payments over the five-year term and an increase of $3,126.90 to the end of term balance.
That is an overall increase to borrowing costs of $9,723.30
3. 5% – monthly payment of $1,971.38, on a balance of $250,134.86.
That is an increase of $15,574.80 in payments and an increase of $7,646.03 to the end of term balance. That is and overall increase to borrowing costs of $23,220.83.
Please know that a mortgage switch/renewal to a new lender is not the same thing as a refinancing.
With a mortgage switch you are literally moving the mortgage as is from lender A to lender B with no change to the amortization or the amount.
A refinancing is when you are seeking to access additional funds for debts, investments or whatever. You can certainly do this but you will be responsible for the penalty, legal fees and possibly the appraisal.
The two often get confused and it is frustrating to be hit with unexpected fees.
Switch Step 1 – call your existing mortgage provider and find out what the penalty would be to break your current mortgage.
A mortgage which is switched from one lender to another is often able to cap in up to $3,000 of the penalty. This number is needed so you are able to make an educated decision as to whether or not you should switch out early.
Switch Step 2 – meet with a well-qualified mortgage professional to discuss your options. Look at all the options and terms including a variable rate. Right now there is a very slight difference between the five- and seven-year mortgage rate so it could be worth considering.
Switch Step 3 – if it all makes sense and you think it is in your best interests it is time to gather the paperwork. There may be additional items depending on your situation but this is a good start for sure.
1. Most recent pay stub(s)
2. Letter of employment(s)– on company letterhead, detailing length of tenure, job title, rate of pay, guaranteed number of hours.
3. Last two years Notices of Assessment – with the most recent year showing no taxes outstanding.
4. Most recent mortgage statement from current home.
5. Property tax bill from current home.
6. Home insurance policy.
Switch Step 4 – sign the papers with your mortgage advisor.
Arrange for the appraiser to come in. Set a time to meet with the legal service. Wait for the closing day. After that the mortgage will be taken from your account by lender Y instead of X with minimal disruption to your life.
This article is meant for information purposes only.
Though I wish I had a crystal ball, I do not and world events have caused disruptions in the past to economic forecasts as we know all too well here in Alberta.
As a mortgage professional, it is part of my responsibilities to bring attention to ideas which may save my fellow Canadians a pile of money.
Pam Pikkert is a mortgage broker with Mortgage Alliance – Regional Mortgage Group in Red Deer.
Posted by admin on March 20, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Western Digital seeks injunction to block Toshiba chip business transfer
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp said it has sought an injunction that would stop Japan's Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business, deepening a spat between the partners.
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)Le Pen's 42-percentage-points result is one point higher compared to a Tuesday poll, in which Le Pen and Fillon were likely to gain 41 and 59 percent, accordingly.
Fillon was considered the leader in the presidential race, before he lost popularity amid a scandal that erupted in late January around his wife's allegedly fake employment. Fillon has since been thought unlikely to enter the second round, however, the potential gap between him and independent candidate Emmanuel Macron, the current leader in the polls, in the first round is rather narrow.
The first round of the French presidential elections is scheduled for April 23, while the run-off is slated for May 7.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
A fuel cell vehicle (FCV) is a type of electric vehicle that uses a fuel cell, instead of a battery, or in combination with a battery or super capacitor, to power its on-board electric motor. Generation of electricity to power the motor, fuel cell is used. Fuel cell generally use oxygen from the air and compressed hydrogen for its operation. As most fuel cell vehicles emit water and heat, these vehicles are classified as zero-emissions vehicles.
Emerging markets for automobiles are witnessing an increase in vehicle production, which in turn is boosting the demand for automotive fuel cell. The new emissions standards for passenger cars and commercial vehicles are majorly achieved by applying changes to the engine alone. Stringent norms imposed globally by regulatory bodies on carbon emissions of automotive are also anticipated to boost the demand for automotive fuel cell, which in turn controls the emission of toxic gases from vehicles. One approach to comply with the new emissions norms is to incorporate a proper substitution for the IC engine vehicles. Fuel cell vehicle is a better option as a substitute. High cost of the vehicle is a major disadvantage of the fuel cell market.
The fuel cell market for automotive can be segmented based on components, parts of fuel cell, electrolyte type, power output, vehicle type, and geography.
Based on components, the fuel cell market for automotive can be classified into fuel stack and two other segments. Fuel stack is utilized to store the fuel, which is responsible for the combustion and driving the vehicle.
In terms of fuel type used for the vehicle, the fuel cell market for automotive can be segmented into electrolyte and two other segments. These parts are equipped in manner that the transfer of electricity through these parts takes place.
Based on electrolyte type, the automotive fuel cell market can be classified as PAFC and one more segment. PAFC is Phosphoric Acid Fuel Cell. Phosphoric acid is used as electrolyte and the transfer of electricity takes place through anode and cathode.
Brochure For Recent Industry Insights https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=42410
Based on power output, the fuel cell market for automotive can be segregated into less than 100 kW and two more segments.
In terms of vehicle type, the fuel cell market for automotive can be classified into passenger vehicles (PVs) and commercial vehicles (CVs). The passenger vehicles segment can be furthered sub-segmented into hatchback cars, sedans, multi- purpose vehicles (MPVs), and sport utility vehicles (SUVs). The commercial vehicles segment can be further split into light-weight commercial vehicles (LCVs) and heavy commercial vehicles (HCVs).
In terms of geography, the fuel cell market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. Europe accounts for a major share of the global fuel cell market for automotive, owing to the high rate of vehicle production and adoption of automotive fuel cells in order to improve the declining environmental conditions, leading to an increased production of vehicles with automotive fuel cells, especially in China and India. Furthermore, environmental standards in Europe are more stringent than the other regions.
Download Table Of Content https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=42410
Key players operating in the global fuel cell market for automotive include Ballard Power Systems (Canada), ITM Power (UK), Hydrogenics (Canada), Plug Power (US), and AFCC (Canada).
Programs are spreading across the nation to nurture the monarch butterfly.
Krishna Bayyareddy joins us from Monsanto Hawaii. Susan Tolentino is volunteer with a program called Sharing the Butterfly Experience.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Transparency Market Research has published a new market report titled “Medium Molecular Weight Polyisobutylene Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2015 – 2023.” The global medium molecular weight polyisobutylene market was valued at US$420.5 mn in 2014 and is anticipated to reach US$610.1 mn by 2023, at a CAGR of 4.3% between 2015 and 2023.
Read Report Overview @
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/medium-molecular-weight-polyisobutylene-market.html
Medium molecular-weight polyisobutylene have a weighted average molecular weight, Mw, of from 40,000 to 120,000 g/mol. Medium molecular weight polyisobutylene is used to adjust properties such as flexibility, elongation, cohesive strength, and gas barrier performance. It is used as viscosity modifier, tack improver in adhesive formulations, and primary binder in caulking and sealing compounds. Medium molecular weight polyisobutylene is also employed in fuel and lubricating oil additives.
Medium molecular polyisobutylene offers properties such as moisture resistance, high degree of elongation, and good adhesion to multiple substrates. This makes it useful in the manufacture of adhesives and sealants Thus, increasing demand for adhesives and sealants in various industries is estimated drive the medium molecular weight polyisobutylene market in the next few years. Furthermore, rising demand in lubricants owing to rapid industrialization and growth in the automotive sector is projected to augment the medium molecular weight polyisobutylene market in the near future. However, stringent regulations on the manufacture and usage of medium molecular weight polyisobutylene owing to its potential hazards to aquatic creatures, may hamper market growth. On the other hand, the chewing gum market is likely to offer new avenues for medium molecular weight polyisobutylene.
Major applications of medium molecular weight polyisobutylene include gum base products, adhesives, sealants, and lubricants. In 2014, adhesives accounted for over 40% share of the global medium molecular weight polyisobutylene market. It is estimated to be the fastest-growing segment during the forecast period due to rising demand for adhesives in automotive and construction industries.
In terms of volume, Asia Pacific dominated the global medium molecular weight polyisobutylene market with more than 35% share in 2014. Significant industrial growth is the one of the major factors driving the medium molecular weight polyisobutylene market in the region. The medium molecular weight polyisobutylene market in Latin America and Middle East & Africa is expected to expand significantly in the near future owing to expansion in infrastructure and real estate industries in these regions.
Request to view Sample Report:
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=7370
Key players operating in the medium molecular weight polyisobutylene market include BASF SE, Zhejiang Shunda New Material Co., JX Nippon Oil & Energy Corporation, and Shandong Hongrui Petrochemical Co. Ltd.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Wayne National Forest, Marietta Unit in Ohio, U.S., in this handout photo received May 2, 2017. Taylor McKinnon/Center for Biological Diversity/Handout via REUTERS
Wayne National Forest, Marietta Unit in Ohio, U.S., in this handout photo received May 2, 2017. Taylor McKinnon/Center for Biological Diversity/Handout via REUTERS
Wayne National Forest, Marietta Unit in Ohio, U.S., in this handout photo received May 2, 2017. Taylor McKinnon/Center for Biological Diversity/Handout via REUTERS
Wayne National Forest, Marietta Unit in Ohio, U.S., in this handout photo received May 2, 2017. ?Taylor McKinnon/Center for Biological Diversity/Handout via REUTERS
Four conservation groups on Tuesday sued the U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management in an attempt to halt fracking plans in a portion of Ohio's only national forest.
The suit, filed in U.S. District Court in Columbus, argues that the federal agencies failed to sufficiently analyze risks to watersheds, public health, climate and endangered species including Indiana bats, before auctioning 670 acres (270 hectares) in December of the Wayne National Forest in southeast Ohio for eventual hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, of underground shale.
The groups are seeking an injunction to halt oil and gas leasing and development until a new assessment can be made. Fracking involves injecting water, sand and chemicals into wells to fracture shale and release natural gas and oil.
U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Babete Anderson declined to comment, citing pending litigation. Bureau of Land Management officials could not be reached immediately for comment.
The Ohio Oil and Gas Association Executive Vice President Shawn Bennett said in a statement that the Forest Service had conducted an environmental assessment and found no significant impact would occur from fracking.
The portion for forest in question, known as the Marietta Unit, is located near Ohio's border with West Virginia along the Ohio River. The Bureau of Land Management's environmental assessment previously found no significant impact in opening leasing to gas and oil companies.
Conservation groups who filed the suit, including the Ohio Sierra Club and the Ohio Environmental Council, argued fracking would bring roads, well pads and gas lines into the state's only national forest, destroy Indiana bat habitat and other threatened species, and pollute watersheds and water supplies.
"Pollution from fracking would be disastrous for the people who depend on this water," said Taylor McKinnon, public lands campaigner at the Center for Biological Diversity, another group participating in the lawsuit.
The leases do not automatically allow companies to drill. They would still need to get additional permits for that.
Nathan Johnson, of the Ohio Environmental Council, said fracking in eastern and southeastern Ohio has become increasingly common since 2010 and is currently occurring just outside portions of the national forest.
The conservation groups have also filed an administrative appeal with Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke of the March 2017 lease sale, and intend to expand the lawsuit to include violations of the Endangered Species Act, McKinnon said.
(Reporting by Chris Kenning in Chicago; editing by Marguerita Choy and Diane Craft)
President Donald Trump recorded a robocall encouraging Alabama voters to back Republican Roy Moore in Tuesday's special election to fill a vacant U.S. Senate seat representing Alabama.
Politico first reported on Saturday that Trump would record a message, and CNN obtained audio of the call on Sunday.
“We need Roy voting for us. I am stopping illegal immigration and crime. We're building a stronger military and protecting the Second Amendment and our pro-life values,” Trump says in the robocall supporting Moore, per CNN. “But if Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones, all of our progress will be stopped cold. We already know Democrat Doug Jones is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, and he will vote with the Washington liberals every single time.”
Moore faces allegations from several women that he inappropriately pursued a sexual or romantic relationship with them when they were teenagers and he was in his 30s. Despite the sexual misconduct allegations, Moore has pressed on in the race. Although Republican leaders urged Moore to leave the race when the allegations first surfaced, GOP leaders have since softened on Moore and pushed to keep the seat in Republican control.
PanDrugs is a new computational methodology that prioritizes drug treatments based on patient genomic data. Is the first drug prescription tool that takes into account pathway context, collective gene impact and information from functional experiments
Identify and prioritize treatment options based on a patient's profile of genetic alterations is a major challenge in personalized cancer medicine. Data-driven approaches such as PanDrugs can help to this end. This new computational resource has been developed by researchers from the Bioinformatics Unit at the Spanish National Cancer Research Centre (CNIO) and is described in a paper published in Genome Medicine.
A large majority of cancers carry a long list of genetic alterations whose biological and clinical relevance, and susceptibility to be pharmacologically-targeted isn't always clear. Several tools have been developed to identify clinically actionable genomic alterations and to suggest targeted therapies but they have some limitations and there's still a gap between raw genomic data and clinical usefulness.
To overcome this, researchers lead by Fátima Al-Shahrour, head of the Bioinformatics Unit at the CNIO, have implemented this novel method called PanDrugs. "The main novelty introduced in this methodology compared with current tools is the broadening of the search space to provide therapeutic options", explains Al-Shahrour.
In other words, PanDrugs suggests treatments for direct targets (e.g. genes that contribute to disease phenotype and can be directly targeted by a drug) and biomarkers (e.g. genes that have a genetic status associated with drug response but the protein product is not the drug target itself). But also, PanDrugs integrates a systems biology knowledge-based layer that automatically inspects biological circuits expanding cancer candidate therapies from beyond limited cancer-related gene lists to the whole druggable pathway.
"This novel strategy (called 'pathway member') extends the treatment opportunities of cancer patients by enriching the therapeutic arsenal against tumours and opens new avenues for personalized medicine", states Al-Shahrour. Thanks to pathway member strategy, the paper describes how PanDrugs is able to identify treatments used in clinical practice that might benefit prostate, breast and colorectal cancer patients without druggable cancer driver altered genes.
Researchers emphasize that PanDrugs database represents, by itself, a remarkable contribution. "This database is the largest public repository of drug-target associations available from well-known targeted therapies to preclinical drugs. Current version of PanDrugsdb integrates data from 24 primary sources and supports >56000 drug-target associations".
PanDrugs can be fully integrated with custom pipelines through its programmatic API and its docker image facilitates PanDrugs in-house installation, enhancing reproducibility and improving performance. PanDrugs and PanDrugsdb are open-source and fully available at http://www. pandrugs. org .
###
WACO, Texas (April 24, 2018) - Do you consider yourself more ethical than your coworker?
Caution! Your feelings of ethical superiority can cause a chain reaction that is detrimental to you, your coworker and your organization, according to Baylor University management research.
A new study published in the Journal of Business Ethics suggests that your feelings of ethical superiority can lead you to have negative emotions toward a "less ethical" coworker. Those negative emotions can be amplified if you also believe you do not perform as well as that coworker. And, furthermore, those negative emotions can lead to your mistreatment and/or ostracism (social exclusion) of that less ethical, higher-performing coworker.
"One way to think of this is that it is - and should be - concerning to us to believe that we are more ethical than our coworkers, especially if we do not perform as well as they do," said lead author Matthew Quade, Ph.D., assistant professor of management in Baylor University's Hankamer School of Business and an expert on workplace ethics and ostracism.
The research, Quade said, can help managers create better atmospheres and improve the bottom line.
"The managerial implication is that we need to create environments where ethics and performance are both rewarded," he said.
A total of 741 people, among them 310 employees ("focal employees") and an equal number of their coworkers ("comparison coworkers"), were surveyed for the study. Focal employees compared themselves with their coworkers based on two areas: perceived ethics and performance. Then they rated their levels of negative emotions (i.e., feelings of contempt, tension or disgust) toward those same comparison coworkers.
Results show that employees who believe they are more ethical than similar coworkers (i.e., those that hold similar positions, have similar education background and similar tenure in the organization) feel negative emotions (i.e., contempt, disgust, stress, repulsion) when thinking about those coworkers. These negative emotions about the coworker are amplified when the employees also believe they do not perform as well as those same coworkers.
In turn, the comparison coworkers rated how often they experienced social undermining (i.e., insults, spreading of rumors, belittling of ideas) and ostracism (i.e., ignored, avoided, shut out of conversations) from the focal employee.
Results also show that the negative emotions that the "more ethical, lower performing" employees experience may result in them behaving in unethical ways directed at their coworkers. Specifically, they become more likely to socially undermine and ostracize those "less ethical, higher performing" coworkers. All the study's results exist regardless of gender and any positive emotion the employees may experience as a result of believing they are more ethical.
Ultimately, such workplace scenarios pose a conundrum for managers, Quade said. On one hand, there is the ethical worker who doesn't perform as well. On the other hand, there's the less ethical worker who hits all the goals.
Who gets rewarded?
"If high performance is the result of questionable or unethical behavior, that combination should not be celebrated," the researchers wrote. "Instead, organizations should be cautious when rewarding and promoting performance within organizations, ensuring that they also consider the way the job is done from an ethical standpoint."
The ideal situation, the study reveals, is when high ethics and high performance are the norm - and employees are rewarded.
"Enhancing the ethical behavior of all employees should be an emphasis to attempt to remove some of the disparity that tends to exist between employees when it comes to their moral behavior at work," the researchers wrote.
###
ABOUT THE STUDY
"'If Only My Coworker Was More Ethical': When Ethical and Performance Comparisons Lead to Negative Emotions, Social Undermining, and Ostracism," published in the Journal of Business Ethics, is authored by Matthew Quade, Ph.D., assistant professor of management, Hankamer School of Business, Baylor University; Rebecca Greenbaum, Ph.D., associate professor of management, Spears School of Business, Oklahoma State University; and Mary Mawritz, Ph.D., associate professor of management, LeBow College of Business, Drexel University.
ABOUT BAYLOR UNIVERSITY
Baylor University is a private Christian University and a nationally ranked research institution. The University provides a vibrant campus community for more than 17,000 students by blending interdisciplinary research with an international reputation for educational excellence and a faculty commitment to teaching and scholarship. Chartered in 1845 by the Republic of Texas through the efforts of Baptist pioneers, Baylor is the oldest continually operating University in Texas. Located in Waco, Baylor welcomes students from all 50 states and more than 80 countries to study a broad range of degrees among its 12 nationally recognized academic divisions.
ABOUT HANKAMER SCHOOL OF BUSINESS
Two Canadians among 18 people killed in Burkina Faso extremist attack
UPDATE: 9:20 a.m.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland says two Canadians were among 18 people killed in a suspected extremist attack on a popular restaurant in Burkina Faso.
The incident happened late Sunday when suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the country's capital.
Freeland says “the heartfelt condolences of our government go out to the loved ones of those targeted and the victims of this tragic attack.”
She says Canadian consular officials are working hard to provide assistance to the families of the victims.
Local authorities say other foreigners killed include two Kuwaitis and one person each from France, Senegal, Nigeria, Lebanon and Turkey.
Seven Burkina Faso citizens were also killed and authorities said three other victims had not yet been identified.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours Monday.
The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead.
Burkina Faso, a landlocked nation in West Africa, is one of the poorest countries in the world. It shares a northern border with Mali, which has long battled Islamic extremists.
More coming.
The Associated Press
—-
ORIGINAL:
Burkina Faso's Foreign Ministry says one Canadian is among 18 killed in a suspected extremist attack on a popular restaurant in the country.
It says other foreigners killed include two Kuwaitis and one person each from France, Senegal, Nigeria, Lebanon and Turkey.
Suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the West African country's capital late Sunday.
Seven Burkina Faso citizens were also killed and authorities said three other victims had not yet been identified.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours Monday.
Gunfire could be heard almost seven hours after the attack began.
Global Affairs Canada said it was reaching out to Canadian citizens in the area and was ready to provide consular assistance as required.
“Canada strongly condemns the attack,” said spokeswoman Brittany Venhola-Fletcher. “Our thoughts and deepest sympathies are with those affected by the terror attacks in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso.”
The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead.
Burkina Faso, a landlocked nation in West Africa, is one of the poorest countries in the world. It shares a northern border with Mali, which has long battled Islamic extremists.
— with files from the Associated Press.
Related Coverage IS claims New Year's attack on Istanbul nightclub
GREENVILLE, Del. (AP/ABC) – An American man was wounded in an attack in Istanbul on New Year's Eve.
William Jacob Raak was at the nightclub with a group during the shooting, according to ABC News. Seven people in the group were shot.
Istanbul Gov. Vasip Sahin said the attack killed a police officer and a civilian outside of the club before killing at least 39 people inside. Most of the victims were foreigners, according to the Associated Press.
Turkey suffered many attacks over the past year, at least 29 reports the AP. On December 19, the Russian Ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov was assassinated by a Turkish riot policeman.
According to the AP, Raak told reporters that he played dead after he was shot. His family says he was shot in the leg.
“All I can say is it's a massive tragedy. This is very unfortunate,” said Raak. “I wake up in the United States, I eat breakfast. You guys wake up and have to think of this. It's so, so sad.”
Raak, 35, is a small business owner from Delaware and was in Turkey for his birthday, according to ABC News. He is expected to return home on Tuesday.
Raak's mother, Grace, told AP “We are praying for those that were injured, for their speedy recovery, and we're praying for the family and friends of those who lost loved ones.”
Related: IS claims New Year's attack on Istanbul nightclub
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
For every one law that Congress passed in 2016, the federal bureaucracy issued 18 new rules and regulations, according to the Competitive Enterprise Institute (CEI).
Federal agencies under the Obama administration issued 3,853 rules and regulations in 2016, which is more than was issued in 2015, according to the 97,110 page Federal Register.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Congress passed 211 laws in 2016.
Clyde Wayne Crews of CEI, a free-market, public policy organization in Washington, D.C., predicts that the incoming Congress will likely roll back many of those rules and regulations issued during President Obama's final year in office.
During Obama's eight years in the White House, 2016 was the highest year in terms of the number of final rules issued.
Previously, the highest years for federal rules being issued since 2000 had been 2003, 2004 and 2005 under President George W. Bush.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The governor of Vermont has pardoned the son of former Democratic vice presidential nominee Geraldine Ferraro almost 30 years after he was convicted of selling cocaine to an undercover officer while in college, the Daily Mail reported.
John Zaccaro Jr. was a Middlebury College student when he was arrested in 1986 for selling $25 worth of cocaine to an undercover state police officer.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
He was convicted in 1988 and sentenced to four months in jail.
Zaccaro was placed in a house arrest program where inmates paid for their living arrangements and served 90 days of his sentence “in a luxury $1,500 a month Burlington apartment,” UPI reported in 1988.
Zaccaro's defense attorney argued that it was a case of entrapment because the officer claimed she was a student and lured him, People reported in 1988.
Ferraro accused prosecutors of unfairly targeting her son because of her high-profile position as the 1984 Democratic vice presidential nominee.
Outgoing Democratic Gov. Peter Shumlin pardoned Zaccaro and nine others Saturday.
“I believe in second chances, and I believe we as a society will continue to move towards a more sensible approach to drug addiction and criminal justice,” Shumlin said in a statement. “As governor, I am honored to be able to help people move past their mistakes and help relieve what can essentially amount to a life-sentence of burden and stigma.”
Zaccaro currently is Principal of P. Zaccaro Company Inc., a real estate investment and management firm, and lives in New York City with his wife and three children.
Ads for three major sweet companies have been banned in the UK under new rules to protect children from junk food advertising.
The British Advertising Standards Authority found there wasn't enough effort to prevent kids seeing online campaigns for Cadbury eggs, Chewits and Squashies sweets.
The Cadbury's ad featured children hunting for Easter eggs, Chewits put four posts on its Facebook page relating to school and children's books, while Squashies developed an online game.
All the firms involved say they're committed to not encouraging kids to eat sweets.
Guy Parker from the ASA says the aim is to protect children from products high in fat, salt or sugar:
Turks voted, April 16 , to accept controversial changes to the country's constitution — effectively handing him more power — with a new executive presidency replacing the office of the prime minister, as well as allowing him to appoint judges.
However, critics say it is a power-grab by Erdoğan, which is already under fire for his clampdown on the media and opposition supporters — especially following the failed coup, July 2016. Critics say his actions put Turkey at odds with the EU's principles of freedom of the media and political expression, as well as its rule of law policy on independent judiciaries.
The EU has been a force for change, turning dictatorships into democracies, but there is much work still to do. #IamEuropean pic.twitter.com/GS9il31Fdq — Guy Verhofstadt (@GuyVerhofstadt) 18 April 2017
​"The proposed constitutional changes do not only grant President Erdoğan authoritarian powers, they also disrupt the democratic checks and balances in Turkey and the referendum on which they are based didn't meet the standards of the Council of Europe," said former Belgian Prime Minister and leader of the Liberals and Democrats in the EU Parliament, Guy Verhoftsadt.
"A fair campaign has been prevented by the Turkish government who intimidated the "no" side and even resorted to jailing dozens of journalists. The Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) confirms that both media and opposition parties have been boycotted by the Turkish government, thus precluding a level playing field between the "yes" and "no" sides," he said.
"On top of that, the outcome was very tight. Turkey's big cities, for example, clearly voted against changing the constitution. The only logical conclusion of this all is that the EU stops accession talks immediately and rethinks its relationship with Turkey."
.@giannipittella harsh blow against democracy; EU accession talks must be suspended. @KatiPiri A sad day for Turkey https://t.co/rErbGHPmvZ — S&D Group (@TheProgressives) 17 April 2017
​'Closed the Doors'
"Another harsh blow against democracy and rule of law has been dealt in Turkey. This is yet another decisive step away from Europe. Erdoğan has closed his doors to the EU with this referendum. The EU accession talks should be suspended once Turkey decides to implement the 18 constitutional amendments," said Socialists and Democrats Group president Gianni Pittella.
"We must stand side by side with all those Turkish citizens who are still striving to bring their country towards a rapprochement with the EU. However, it is clear that the strengthened economic cooperation that Erdoğan so aspires to cannot happen so long as he continues to lead Turkey in an ever more oppressive direction," said Greens/European Free Alliance co-president Ska Keller.
#TurkeyReferendum: EU must stand on the side of those who, despite intimidation, have stood up for democracy: https://t.co/jAnj62aOPH — Greens in the EP (@GreensEP) 17 April 2017
​"Negotiations over the modernization of the customs union must not be opened until Erdoğan has proven he is willing to make concessions and return to democracy,"
If talks do break down, it will put the EU-Turkey migrant deal — already under severe pressure — at risk, which could lead to another exodus of migrants into Europe. Under the deal, Turkish accession to the EU would be accelerated in return for Turkish assistance in curbing the number of migrants crossing into Europe.
It was long thought that gastric ulcers and other digestive woes were brought about by stress. But in 2005, clinical fellow Barry J. Marshall and pathologist J. Robin Warren were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for recognizing the role of Helicobacter pylori in gastritis and peptic ulcer disease.
Now physicians can point their collective fingers at H. pylori when it comes to a host of gastric maladies in their patients.
With this in mind, researchers from the Mel and Enid Zuckerman School of Public Health at the University of Arizona conducted a study into whether U.S. physicians consistently adhere to American College of Gastroenterology guidelines for caring for and managing patients with H. pylori infections. Guidelines include when and how to test for H. pylori, as well as when and how to treat the pathogen once someone has been infected.
Caring for and managing these patients is important not only because of the serious potential morbidity associated with H. pylori infections, but also because these infections are linked to gastric cancer.
Through an online survey of gastroenterologists in the U.S., the researchers found that physicians' adherence to a number of the current ACG guidelines was low. The results were published online April 27 in the journal Preventive Medicine.
Eyal Oren, UA assistant professor of epidemiology and one of the senior authors of the study, says that most physicians followed the guidelines for testing patients they suspected of having H. pylori infection when the patients came to them with likely risk factors, such as a previously diagnosed peptic ulcer or dyspepsia.
"You shouldn't be testing everybody, but if there are reasons to believe that a test for H. pylori may come back positive, and it does come back positive, you should go on to treat," says Dr. Traci Murakami, previous gastroenterology fellow at the UA and graduate of the clinical and translational research graduate certificate at the Mel and Enid Zuckerman School of Public Health, now an assistant clinical professor of medicine at the University of Hawaii, Manoa, and lead author of the study.
In fact, the researchers found that a higher proportion of physicians than in years past treat patients after a positive H. pylori test, with 84 percent of the respondents indicating they would do so, Oren says.
However, only 58 percent of physicians checked to ensure that the bacterium has been eradicated after treatment, according to the study. This finding is of particular concern, Murakami says, because if the bacterium is not eradicated after the recommended therapy, it could indicate potential resistance to drugs of choice.
"Only half of gastroenterology physicians check for eradication," Murakami says. "I think that's key because knowing if a patient eradicated the H. pylori versus whether they still have the infection may indicate that they may have a more resistant type of H. pylori that didn't respond to the initial antibiotic and would require different antibiotics to eradicate it."
Also of concern, the study found that 6 percent of physicians weren't asking patients about antibiotics that they previously had taken. That information could alert the clinician to the potential for drug resistance. Nor were physicians testing for resistance, according to the study. However, testing for drug resistance is not cheap or simple, so it's not routinely done, Oren says.
Given that H. pylori is a human pathogen and linked to an increase in gastric cancer risk, some have called for its global eradication. However, some people are colonized with H. pylori from birth and experience no ill effects from it until much later in life, if at all.
No matter, the researchers concluded that the "adaptation of a 'test, treat and retest strategy' to confirm eradication after treatment is an area that could be improved."
H. pylori is a risk factor and designated as a carcinogen by the World Health Organization.
"If we could identify it early and identify it in more people, we might be able to reduce the risk of people developing stomach cancer in the future," Murakami says.
The research was funded by the Art Chapa Foundation for Gastric Cancer Prevention.
###
Becca Kufrin‘s upcoming season of The Bachelorette isn't the only thing Bachelor Nation has to look forward to in the coming months.
ABC announced Tuesday that the masterminds behind the Bachelor franchise are teaming up to produce a brand-new dating series titled The Proposal — hosted by none other than former Bachelor and NFL star Jesse Palmer.
According to the network, the 10-episode series “will feature 10 eligible daters competing in four pageant-style rounds to win the heart of a mystery suitor or ‘suitress,' whose identity is concealed from them.”
Each one-hour episode “will follow the male or female daters as they attempt to woo the mystery suitor with their words in a first impression round; bare their souls in a beachwear round; answer the mystery suitor's most pressing romantic questions; and strive to receive a seal of approval from the mystery suitor's most trusted family member in the final round.”
“Daters that fail to connect with the mystery lead will be eliminated after each round, whittling the pool down until just two contestants are left,” ABC continued. “In a highly anticipated reveal, the final two will meet the mystery lead for the first time and “present a romantic proposal of their choice.”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
The Proposal will be executive-produced by Bachelor creator Mike Fleiss, alongside Martin Hilton, James Breen and Jason Ehrlich.
“Gonna be fun!!!” Fleiss tweeted Tuesday.
Jesse Palmer Stewart Cook/REX/Shutterstock
The new series marks Palmer's first return to reality television since he led his own season of The Bachelor in 2004. Now a sports broadcaster and TV personality, Palmer, 39, split from his finalist Jessica Bowlin shortly after his season aired.
The Proposal will premiere this summer on ABC.
Niger State Police Command has assured the people of its readiness to sustain their peaceful coexistence and guard them against mischief makers and purveyors of hate speeches.
The police said they were ready to sustain an atmosphere that is devoid of tribal, religious and political differences.
Mr Muazu Zubairu, the state Commissioner of Police, told the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN) in Minna on Wednesday that the command has introduced new security measures to protect lives and property.
He said residents should go about their lawful businesses without fear and promptly report any suspicious attempt to disrupt the peace to relevant security agencies.
Zubairu said it was imperative for law abiding residents to support the police with vital information to stop and apprehend criminal elements in their communities
Comments
comments
BALTIMORE — The world's first successful total penis and scrotum transplant was completed at Johns Hopkins Hospital on March 26, according to a news release issued Monday.
The procedure lasted 14 hours and involved nine plastic surgeons, two urological surgeons and a team of anesthesiologists, nurses and surgical technicians, according to the release. The transplant recipient, who wished to remain anonymous, is a young US serviceman who sustained injuries to his lower pelvis, lower abdominal wall and lower extremities in an improvised explosive device blast while serving in Afghanistan.
“While war injuries cause great suffering, disfigurement and disability, they have also provided the impetus for medical discoveries,” said Dr. W.P. Andrew Lee, chairman of the Department of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery at Johns Hopkins University and one of the surgeons in the case, in a news briefing.
“While extremity amputations are visible and resultant disability obvious, some war injuries are hidden and their impact not widely appreciated by others,” Lee added. “Genitourinary injury, where the male service members' external genitalia are lost or severely damaged, is one such ‘unspoken injury of war.' ”
In order to perform the transplant, the team had to obtain the necessary tissues — consisting of a penis, scrotum and part of the lower abdominal wall — from a deceased donor, according to Dr. Rick Redett, clinical director of the Johns Hopkins genitourinary transplant program and another surgeon on the case.
“To perform the transplant, we procured the necessary tissue from the donor to restore normal anatomy in the recipient,” Redett said in a statement.
During the procedure, three arteries, four veins and two nerves were connected under microscopic guidance in order to provide adequate blood flow and sensation to the transplanted tissue, Redett said.
According to Lee, the transplant serves as the culmination of over five years of research and collaboration between multiple medical disciplines at Johns Hopkins.
“In 2013, we assembled a team of plastic surgeons, urologists, transplant specialists, psychologists and bioethicists and began the preparation for genitourinary transplantation,” he said.
“We performed multiple surgical rehearsals of transplant in cadavers. We took notes of what we learned, refined our techniques and devised a plan for both graft procurement and transplantation.”
In 2014, the first successful penis transplant was performed in South Africa by a team of physicians at Stellenbosch University in Cape Town and Tygerberg Hospital. But the current case is the first to include transplantation of the scrotum and parts of the lower abdominal wall, according to Lee.
The transplant is an example of a type of procedure called vascularized composite allotransplantation, or VCA. VCA refers to the transplantation of multiple types of tissue such as skin, muscle and bone, according to the American Society of Transplantation. The term often refers to the transplantation of body parts such as arms, hands, faces and — now — genitals.
“These life-changing VCA transplants can only occur when a donor family looks past their grief and gives to someone in need,” said Alexandra Glazier, president of New England Donor Services, in a statement.
New England Donor Services is a federally designated organization that helps to coordinate organ and tissue transplants in the Northeast region, according to Glazier.
“Since 2009, New England Donor Services has requested and received permission 13 times from families for VCA donation resulting in the transplant of 19 VCA grafts,” she added. “In this case, we worked closely with our colleagues at the Living Legacy Foundation, the organ procurement organization serving most of Maryland, to facilitate and coordinate the recovery of this unique donation for transplant by the Hopkins team.”
According to Lee, the Comprehensive Transplant Center at Johns Hopkins has been a pioneer in many of the recent advancements in VCA procedures.
“Just over five years ago, the first quadruple amputee survivor in Iraq, US Army Sgt. Brendan Marrocco, received a double arm transplant at Johns Hopkins,” Lee said. “And just over five months ago, our team transplanted two new arms into Army National Guard Sgt. Eric Lund, who lost both arms just below his shoulders from a roadside bomb in Afghanistan.”
Nearly one month after the procedure, the penis transplant recipient appears to be recovering well and is expected to be discharged later this week, according to Redett.
“Our patient is recovering from the transplant well. He is up walking, and the graft shows no signs of infection or rejection,” Redett said. “It is our hope that such a life-enhancing transplant will allow him to regain urinary and sexual function and lead a more normal life.”
After the announcement of the surgery, the donor's family, which also was not mentioned by name, also released a statement thanking the recipient for his service: “We are all very proud that our loved one was able to help a young man that served this country. We are so thankful to say that our loved one would be proud and honored to know he provided such a special gift to you. As a family, we are very supportive of all the men and women who serve our country and grateful for the job you did for this nation.”
The Edmonton Eskimos acquired defensive lineman Jake Ceresna from the Ottawa Redblacks on Friday.
Ottawa received defensive lineman Odell Willis, who the Redblacks then traded to the B.C. Lions for a fourth round pick in the 2018 draft and a player off the Lions' negotiation list.
Ceresna played 14 games in his first CFL season last year, recording 18 tackles and two quarterback sacks for Ottawa.
Ceresna spent time with the New York Jets in the NFL before starting his CFL career.
Minnis Government kills local paint manufacturers' business in single decision!
Nassau, Bahamas – We now know why paint has no duty on it anymore in this budget of the FNM and we believe it is designed for the benefit of one man who is also a member of the Cabinet.
Bahamas Press has made deep discovery inside the business of the sale of paint and supplies and discovered Brent Symonette and his relatives stand at the centre to benefit from that decision.
In the 2017/18 Budget the Minnis-led Government agreed to remove all taxes on the import of paint into the country. This single decision has delivered a major blow to local paint manufacturers and has rendered their businesses dead dead dead!
Its da People's Time dey say…We have been asking…WHICH PEOPLE?!
AMES, Iowa — From the moment freshman Lindell Wigginton signed with Iowa State, coach Steve Prohm has tried to manage expectations for the five-star recruit.
Wigginton's recent play has made it impossible for Prohm to keep him a secret much longer.
Wigginton has been on a tear ever since Prohm moved him away from point guard in an effort to turn take advantage of his scoring ability. Wigginton has averaged 22.3 points, 4.8 rebounds and 3.8 assists over his last four games — a stretch highlighted by a 24-point, zero-turnover effort in a win over rival Iowa. He was named the Big 12's Newcomer of the Week on Monday.
The Cyclones, winners of seven in a row, face Northern Iowa (8-2) on Saturday in Des Moines.
"I'm always confident. I know I can play at this level," Wigginton said. "The last (few) games or so I've just felt real aggressive. And that's what I've got to be to help this team win."
Wigginton is the centerpiece of a rebuilding effort for Iowa State, which lost seven players who earned All-Big 12 recognition over the past two seasons. The hope is that Wigginton, fellow freshmen Terrence Lewis and Cameron Lard — and a four-player recruiting class ranked among the nation's top 20 set to arrive next summer — can maintain the program's status as a perennial contender in the Big 12.
"I don't want to put any expectations on him. I just want him to go play and have fun and enjoy getting better," Prohm said of Wigginton. "He's capable (of scoring 20 points a game). He's got the ability."
That became obvious early in the season.
Wigginton's breakout performance came during the finals of a tournament in South Carolina last month, when he scored 14 points with 10 rebounds in a tight win over Boise State. Wigginton scored at least 21 points in the next three games, including a career-high 28 in a drubbing of Northern Illinois, and he scored 16 in Sunday's 20-point win over Alcorn State.
Wigginton was known for attacking the basket before coming to Iowa State, but much of his early success has come because of his ability to hit 3-pointers. Wigginton is 15 of 27 from beyond the arc in his last four games, which has helped Iowa State shore up a perceived weakness.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- A storm system will spread some rain into the region by late Sunday morning. Temperatures will be cold enough north and west of Richmond to allow for a brief period of a wintry mix.
Snow could mix with sleet and then change to freezing rain for a few hours as temperatures hold in the low to mid 30s. Some slick spots will be possible. This mix will transition to just plain rain Sunday afternoon.
Areas near and west of I-81 will see snow and a wintry mix the longest, and minor accumulations are possible there. One computer model shows the potential for some icing:
There will be a big spread in temperatures Sunday afternoon. Cold air will be wedged against the east side of the mountains, and this will area will have highs in the upper 30s/lower 40s. Away from that wedge of cold air, highs will be near 60° in southeastern Virginia.
Periods of rain will affect the Commonwealth Sunday afternoon, and over one-half inch of rain is possible.
Rain will exit Sunday evening. It will be dry Monday and Tuesday before another chance of rain on Wednesday.
Stay with CBS 6, The Weather Authority.
CBS 6 Storm Team Links:
AURORA | The Aurora prep sports scoreboard for Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2017:
Courtney Oakes is Aurora Sentinel Sports Editor. Reach him at 303-750-7555 or sports@aurorasentinel.com. Twitter: @aurorasports. FB: Aurora Prep Sentinel
AURORA PREP SPORTS SCOREBOARD
BOYS BASKETBALL
Rangeview 98, Northglenn 48
Score by quarters:
Rangeview 30 25 25 18 — 98
Northglenn 4 10 19 15 — 48
Rangeview points: Matthew Johnson 26, Donyvan Jackson 14, Christian Speller 12, Jodaun Dotson 11, Ryan Ongala 11, Jeremiah Rogers 8, Christopher Speller 6, Josh Hollins 4, Logan Kennepohl 4, Chaz Duhart 2
Vista PEAK 48, Hinkley 43
Score by quarters:
Hinkley 5 12 14 12 — 43
Vista PEAK 6 12 13 17 — 48
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Rangeview 61, Northglenn 51
Score by quarters:
Northglenn 12 14 14 11 — 51
Rangeview 9 19 16 17 — 61
ICE HOCKEY
Cherry Creek 7, Pueblo County 4
Score by periods:
Cherry Creek 5 0 2 — 7
Pueblo County 0 4 0 — 4
Cherry Creek goals: Brandon Cyrus 3, Joe Whitmore 2, Diego Lovato, Jamie Stokes. Cherry Creek assists: Gage Blatter 3, Garret Glaspy 2, Danny Taggart 2, Billy Bostwick, Cyrus, Sam Harris, Whitmore. Cherry Creek saves: Dylan Romanow (22 shots on goal-18 saves)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) – West Virginia's House has voted for a $4.225 billion general revenue budget with some cuts from current spending but no revenue from the recently debated tax changes that divided the House from the Senate and Gov. Jim Justice.
The 69-30 vote on Wednesday followed Tuesday's impasse between House and Senate negotiators on a tax bill that would have raised some state revenue.
House Majority Leader Daryl Cowles says Wednesday's House-passed spending plan contains $170 million more than the budget the Legislature passed two months ago that Justice vetoed.
That's based on higher projected tax receipts from natural gas and coal production and improved economy.
However, it would still require cuts from higher education and social programs. Delegates say they're less severe than in the budget the Senate passed Tuesday night.
Related
Comments
comments
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - A new change took place right here in Terre Haute.
Scroll for more content...
That's with the Change of Command ceremony for the 81st Troop Command.
Today their commander, David Vesper, assembled his troops for the last time to present the new incoming commander.
This ceremony informs soldiers and officers that they must respond to the leadership of a new commander.
Wayne Black is the newest commander, he says he's ready to take on the role.
"We've got to be ready to respond to whatever requirements the government may call on. We want to be ready to do that mission. And also from a national and a state perspective, being able to accomplish all the things that we're required to do on that level as well," said Black.
David Vesper will continue serving in Indianapolis at the Indiana Guard.
ANA
“The board wishes to express its appreciation to Sibiya for his valued contribution in his role as deputy chairperson and non-executive director of the company and wishes him well in his future endeavours,” Tiger Brands said. Sibiya was the founding chief executive of Business Unity SA and a past president of the Black Management Forum, as well as the chief executive for the Chamber of Mines until he took early retirement in 2015. -
WASHINGTON D.C. -- The Montreal Protocol, the international treaty adopted to restore Earth's protective ozone layer in 1989, has significantly reduced emissions of ozone-depleting chemicals from the United States. In a twist, a new study shows the 30-year old treaty has had a major side benefit of reducing climate-altering greenhouse gas emissions from the U.S.
That's because the ozone-depleting substances controlled by the treaty are also potent greenhouse gases, with heat-trapping abilities up to 10,000 times greater than carbon dioxide over 100 years.
The new study is the first to quantify the impact of the Montreal Protocol on U.S. greenhouse gas emissions with atmospheric observations. The study's results show that reducing the use of ozone-depleting substances from 2008 to 2014 eliminated the equivalent of 170 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions each year. That's roughly the equivalent of 50 percent of the reductions achieved by the U.S. for carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases over the same period. The study was published today in Geophysical Research Letters, a journal of the American Geophysical Union.
"We were surprised by the size of the decline, especially compared with other greenhouse gases," said Lei Hu, a researcher with the Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences (CIRES) working at NOAA and lead author of the new study.
Hu added that the benefits of the Montreal Protocol on greenhouse gas emissions would likely grow in the future. By 2025, she projects that the effect of the Montreal Protocol will be to reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by the equivalent of 500 million tons of carbon dioxide per year compared with 2005 levels. This reduction would be equivalent to about 10 percent of the current U.S. emissions of carbon dioxide.
Previous studies have demonstrated that the Montreal Protocol has been more effective at curtailing global greenhouse gas emissions than any other international effort - even though climate change was not a consideration during the initial treaty negotiations in the late 1980s.
The new analysis, based on data collected by NOAA's atmospheric monitoring network, confirms that the Montreal Protocol has been highly successful in the U.S. in its primary goal - reducing emissions of manufactured chlorine-based chemicals that, in addition to depleting ozone world-wide, create a hole the size of the continental U.S. in the Earth's protective ozone layer over the Antarctic each September and October.
Those chemicals--chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) and hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs), and their substitutes, the hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs)--have been widely used as refrigerants, foam blowing agents, aerosol propellants, fire retardants, and solvents. Chlorine from CFCs was first identified as capable of destroying stratospheric ozone in 1974. The Montreal Protocol has controlled the production and consumption of these chemicals since the late 1980s.
Implementation of the Montreal Protocol in the United States, largely through the Clean Air Act, led to a near complete phase-out of U.S. production and consumption of chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) beginning in 1996 and a 95 percent decline of hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) production since 1998.
As a result, total emissions of CFCs in the U.S. have decreased by two-thirds from 2008 to 2014, while emissions of HCFCs declined by about half, the study authors said.
Another indication of the treaty's impact is increasing U.S. emissions of ozone-friendly chemicals, such as hydrofluorocarbons or HFCs. However, some HFCs are also potent greenhouse gases, and their increased use is offsetting some of the climate benefit of the Montreal Protocol, said Stephen Montzka, a researcher at NOAA and co-author of the new study.
Countries adhering to the Protocol, including the U.S., agreed to limit future production and consumption of HFCs in 2016.
"This shows what can be achieved by concerted and thoughtful international effort," said Scott Lehman of the Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research at the University of Colorado Boulder and co-author of the new study. "Hopefully, the Protocol can serve as a model of the international cooperation that we need to tackle the real problem - carbon dioxide."
###
The American Geophysical Union is dedicated to advancing the Earth and space sciences for the benefit of humanity through its scholarly publications, conferences, and outreach programs. AGU is a not-for-profit, professional, scientific organization representing 60,000 members in 137 countries. Join the conversation on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and our other social media channels.
Notes for Journalists
This research article is open access for 30 days. A PDF copy of the article can be downloaded at the following link: http://onlinelibrary. wiley. com/ doi/ 10. 1002/ 2017GL074388/ pdf .
Journalists and PIOs may also order a copy of the final paper by emailing a request to Lauren Lipuma at llipuma@agu.org. Please provide your name, the name of your publication, and your phone number.
Neither the paper nor this press release is under embargo.
Title: "Considerable Contribution of the Montreal Protocol to Declining Greenhouse Gas Emissions from the United States"
Authors: Lei Hu, Colm Sweeney, Debra J. Mondeel, David Nance: Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences, University of Colorado-Boulder and NOAA Earth System Research Laboratory, Global Monitoring Division, Boulder, Colorado, U.S.A.;
Stephen A. Montzka, Arlyn E. Andrews, Kirk Thoning, John B. Miller, James W. Elkins, Bradley D. Hall, Pieter P. Tans: NOAA Earth System Research Laboratory, Global Monitoring Division, Boulder, Colorado, U.S.A.;
Scott J. Lehman: Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research, University of Colorado-Boulder, Boulder, Colorado, U.S.A.;
David S. Godwin: Stratospheric Protection Division, Office of Atmospheric Programs, Office of Air and Radiation, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Washington, District of Columbia, U.S.A.;
Benjamin R. Miller: Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences, University of Colorado-Boulder, NOAA Earth System Research Laboratory, Global Monitoring Division and Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research, University of Colorado-Boulder, Boulder, Colorado, U.S.A.;
Caroline Siso: Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences, University of Colorado-Boulder, NOAA Earth System Research Laboratory, Global Monitoring Division, Boulder, Colorado, U.S.A. and Stratospheric Protection Division, Office of Atmospheric Programs, Office of Air and Radiation, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Washington, District of Columbia, U.S.A.;
Thomas Nehrkorn, Marikate Mountain: Atmospheric and Environmental Research, Lexington, Massaschusetts, U.S.A.;
Marc L. Fischer: Environmental Technologies Area, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, California, U.S.A.;
Sébastien C. Biraud: Earth and Environmental Sciences Area, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, California, U.S.A.;
Huilin Chen: Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences, University of Colorado-Boulder, Boulder, Colorado, U.S.A. and Centre for Isotope Research, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.
Contact information for the authors: Lei Hu: +1 (303) 497-5238, lei.hu@noaa.gov
AGU Press Contact:
Lauren Lipuma
+1 (202) 777-7396
llipuma@agu.org
NOAA Press Contact:
Theo Stein
+1 (303) 497-6288
theo.stein@noaa.gov
A new article by a UNSW Sydney-led team challenges the validity of current methods for forecasting the persistence of slow-growing species for conservation purposes, and provides a better approach to reducing the threat of extinction.
Previous research on wild dolphins in Australia and wild bears in North America has revealed that reproductive success is the best predictor of the viability of these long-lived populations, rather than their survival rates.
The findings of these and other studies fly in the face of decades of population modelling, which has led to a widespread generalisation that survival is the most important factor for population viability of long-lived species, the researchers say.
"Our analysis suggests that conservation planners are often getting it wrong," says first author and UNSW scientist Dr Oliver Manlik.
"We believe our research will set a new course for wildlife biologists who are trying to minimize extinction. It shows them how to identify whether to focus on alleviating threats to reproduction, or to survival," he says.
The review article, Applicability and limitations of sensitivity analyses for wildlife management, by Dr Manlik and Professor William Sherwin of UNSW, and Dr Robert Lacy of the Chicago Zoological Society, is published in the prestigious Journal of Applied Ecology.
The inspiration for carrying out their review of different population forecasting methods for conservation management was a research project led by Dr Manlik that compared two bottlenose dolphin populations in the wild in Western Australia.
The international team of that study showed that the very different forecasts for the two dolphin populations could only be explained by differences in reproductive rates, not by the much smaller differences in survival rates.
After reviewing many other publications, Dr Manlik, Dr Lacy and Professor Sherwin found a small number, such as a study on bears, that showed similar results. On closer analysis of these studies, they realised the reason for this was not the biology of the animals, but the way the data had been analysed.
In this new study, the researchers evaluate several methods of assessing the effect of changes in reproduction and survival on the persistence of wildlife populations. They outline why some very commonly used methods are flawed when they are used to guiding wildlife management.
"These methods often investigate potential changes in reproduction and survival that are quite unrealistic, assessing fluctuations of survival and reproduction that are unlikely or even impossible. This can lead to wildlife management actions that are ineffective," says Dr Manlik.
The study also describes alternative tools, based on realistic parameters, which conservation planners can use to devise management actions to best protect wildlife populations.
###
Media contacts:
Dr Oliver Manlik (Central European Time Zone): o.manlik@unsw.edu.au; Skype: oliveratunsw. Twitter: @omanlik
Professor Bill Sherwin: (Australian Eastern Daylight Time zone): +61-2-9385-2119, w.sherwin@unsw.edu.au; Skype: wsherwin
By Anne D'Innocenzio, The Associated Press
Walmart is offering its employees a new perk: affordable access to a college degree.
America's largest private employer, which in the past has helped its workers get their high school or equivalency degrees, hopes the new benefit will help it recruit and retain higher quality entry-level employees in a tight U.S. labor market.
The company is working with Denver-based startup Guild Education to give employees the chance to obtain a bachelor's degree in business or supply-chain management. It will cost a dollar a day at one of three nonprofit universities with online programs that have had success working with adult learners: the University of Florida, Brandman University and Bellevue University. It plans to eventually expand to more types of degrees.
It will also offer college-prep classes for workers who need extra help. Walmart is subsidizing the cost of tuition, books and fees.
Both full-time and part-time workers who have been with the company at least 90 days will be eligible, Walmart said. About 68,000 of Walmart's 1.4 million U.S. employees are expected to enroll in the first five years, based on interest from its workers, said Julie Murphy, executive vice president of people at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart. Walmart declined to disclose the cost of the program.
Employees head for exits Walmart's offer to fund college degrees for its U.S. employees comes as businesses nationwide fight growing turnover among workers, Bloomberg reports. Job-quitting rates have risen as unemployment has plummeted and Americans have gained the confidence to become more selective about where they work, spurring companies to pursue creative solutions to engender employee loyalty. Walmart's move echoes Starbucks Corp.'s tuition policy, and is particularly important because with a workforce of 1.5 million, the behemoth retailer is the nation's largest private employer. At 2.9 percent in March, the retail quits rate is below pre-recession highs, but it has risen substantially since the depths of the crisis.
The move underscores how retailers and restaurant chains are under increasing pressure to improve the skills of their workers as shoppers move online. Store chains including Walmart have also raised wages as low unemployment gives trained retail workers more options.
Walmart has said the tax overhaul helped it also give workers one-time bonuses and expand parental leave benefits. Critics say Walmart should share even more of its profits with employees. But a shareholder proposal presented Wednesday, calling on the company to invest as much money in the stock plan for employees as it does on share buybacks, was rejected.
Also defeated were proposals that would require Walmart to publish a report on racial and ethnic pay gaps and to create an independent chair.
The partnership with Guild Education goes beyond Walmart's current program covering the cost of workers and eligible family members for earning a high school diploma or GED equivalent. The company also grooms managers at its Walmart Training Academy, and has a career program for entry-level workers.
Guild Education, founded in 2015, works with other national chains like Chipotle Mexican Grill, Taco Bell and Lowe's, on their employee education programs. But Rachel Carlson, CEO and co-founder of Guild Education, says its partnership with Walmart is unique in several ways, including its low upfront costs.
Walmart's move puts it more in league with Starbucks, which three years ago began offering four years of tuition for an online college degree from Arizona State University.
CHICAGO--Among U.S. teenagers and young adults with severe obesity, a new study finds that only a small percentage undergo weight loss surgery, even though it is broadly considered the most effective long-term weight loss therapy. The study results, from high-volume surgical centers across five states, will be presented Monday at ENDO 2018, the Endocrine Society's 100th annual meeting in Chicago, Ill.
"The prevalence of obesity among adolescents and young adults is rapidly increasing. However, weight loss surgery is widely underutilized in this age group," said one of the study's collaborators, Karen Campoverde-Reyes, M.D., a research fellow at Harvard Medical School and Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, Mass. Lead investigator Fatima Cody Stanford, M.D., M.P.H., M.P.A., was the recipient of the Massachusetts General Hospital Physician Scientist Development Award and Executive Committee on Research, which funded this study.
Also called bariatric surgery, weight loss surgery includes gastric bypass and the gastric sleeve procedure. Eligibility criteria for weight loss surgery in the United States, besides inability to lose weight with diet and exercise, include a body mass index (BMI) of 40 kg/m2 or greater--also called severe obesity--or a BMI of at least 35 plus one or more obesity-related complications, such as type 2 diabetes, heart disease and obstructive sleep apnea.
Campoverde-Reyes, Stanford and Madhusmita Misra, M.D., M.P.H., determined the frequency of weight loss surgery in 14- to 25-year-olds treated at eight academic health systems that participate in a web-based clinical data research network called the Scalable Collaborative Infrastructure for Learning Healthcare System, or SCILHS. Four of the institutions are in Boston: Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Boston Children's Hospital; Boston Medical Center and Partners Healthcare, which comprises Massachusetts General and Brigham and Women's Hospital. The others are Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, Morehouse Healthcare in Atlanta, University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston and Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center in Winston-Salem, N.C.
To identify individuals with severe obesity, they used the diagnostic medical billing code for severe obesity and a BMI of 40 or more. Medical billing codes also helped identify weight loss surgeries. Partners Healthcare data came from the system's Research Patient Data Registry.
About 0.7 percent, or 18,008, of the more than 2.5 million patients ages 14 to 25 had a diagnosis of severe obesity, the investigators reported. The percentage of patients with severe obesity who underwent weight loss surgery ranged from 0.4 percent at Boston Children's Hospital to 21.5 percent at Partners Healthcare. The other percentages were 1.4 at Boston Medical Center, 2.3 at Beth Israel and 2.5 percent at Washington University. The other institutions performed too few weight loss surgeries (less than 10) to report percentages.
"This finding is a wake-up call that we need to adequately use the appropriate treatment modality for the severity of the disease, which for many people with more severe obesity is weight loss surgery," Stanford said. "Studies in both adults and adolescents have shown weight loss surgery to reliably achieve safe and lasting improvement in BMI and resolution of comorbid diseases that is superior to other treatment modalities,"
A possible reason for the underutilization of weight loss surgery in young patients with severe obesity, according to the investigators, is the lack of education and awareness among health care providers and the public regarding surgical treatment of obesity. The researchers suggest more education should occur among physicians, physicians in training, social workers and school nurses.
###
Endocrinologists are at the core of solving the most pressing health problems of our time, from diabetes and obesity to infertility, bone health, and hormone-related cancers. The Endocrine Society is the world's oldest and largest organization of scientists devoted to hormone research and physicians who care for people with hormone-related conditions.
According to recently released data, the number of Americans renouncing their citizenship has reached a record level. In 2016, 5,411 individuals gave up their US citizenship, a 26 per cent increase on the year before. Interestingly, Boris Johnson, the UK's Foreign Secretary, was among those bidding their US passport farewell last year. He was born in New York and held dual nationality.
The number of people following his example has been rising steadily in recent years. Back in 1998, only 398 people did it. More recently, 3,415 individuals gave up their citizenship in 2014 while 4,279 did it in 2015. Money is likely to be the main reason behind the move. The US and Eritrea are the only countries requiring their citizens and permanent residents to file taxes, even when they live abroad. This means that American citizens can rack up considerable US tax bills, despite living in a completely different country. Boris Johnson is known to have incurred a substantial tax bill when he sold his home in London, even though he didn't reside in the US for years.
You will find more statistics at Statista
Was Belgian suspect planning new London outrage?
14/6/17 - A 20-year-old Macedonian man formerly staying in a psychiatric hospital has now been identified as a terrorist suspect and has been put in jail. Police discovered he'd been searching how to make a bomb on the internet. The Macedonian had also booked a trip to London.
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Was Belgian suspect planning new London outrage?
14/6/17 - A 20-year-old Macedonian man formerly staying in a psychiatric hospital has now been identified as a terrorist suspect and has been put in jail. Police discovered he'd been searching how to make a bomb on the internet. The Macedonian had also booked a trip to London.
LEBANON, Tenn. – A high school student who posted an anti-bullying video attacking her school's administration was given a two-day suspension, but the school is saying it had nothing to do with her video's message.
Emily Gipson is a student at Lebanon High School in Lebanon, Tennessee. On January 22, she posted a YouTube video of her performing a free-verse poem about bullying and suicide at her school.
“Welcome to Lebanon High School, where smiles are fake and suicide prevention is something to laugh at,” she begins.
In the days since it was posted, Gipson's video has racked up more than 700,000 views — and has caused serious controversy at her high school.
Gipson was given a two-day suspension for the video, a punishment some people attributed to her strong words against the school's handling of bullying.
However, the school says it was a much simpler reason.
Why she was suspended
Jennifer Johnson, the spokeswoman for Wilson County Schools, posted a lengthy statement on the schools' Facebook page defending the school's decision.
“While it's been widely circulated that Emily was punished for inciting violence with her video, this is patently false,” wrote Johnson, a former news anchor.
“No such violation even exists in our student handbook. Three weeks ago, Emily asked a coach if she could use his classroom as a backdrop for a school project. When the video surfaced, weeks later, on YouTube… the coach was mortified by the nature of her message.”
“The video,” she wrote, “was shot after school hours, long after an announcement was made over the PA system indicating that students needed to be out of the building.”
Why she made the video
One theme of Gipson's video is the connection between bullying and suicide.
In October, a student at the school took her life, prompting a school meeting to address bullying. The girl was Gipson's friend, and the suicide led Gipson to pen the poem that eventually ended up in her viral video.
Johnson, the spokeswoman, said no bullying was discovered or reported by either Gipson or the friend.
“While students have said repeatedly that the student was bullied, there's no evidence whatsoever to support that,” she wrote. “The school had never received any bullying complaints from, or about, this student. At a community meeting, the student's parents openly admitted that they were not aware of any bullying.”
Gipson posted a follow-up to her original video, titled, “Have I Made a Difference Yet?”
“Never did I know that it would get this many views,” she says of her original video. “Through it getting this big, I have learned a lesson. This is not my school, this is everyone's school. This is a national problem.”
She then recites a poem reflecting on “the bad choices that save lives” and asking for compassion for people who are made to feel “you're not quite good enough.”
DUBLIN Bank of Ireland (BKIR.I) on Friday announced a share consolidation and corporate restructuring in moves it said would help it comply with new European banking regulations.
The bank, Ireland's largest lender by assets, said it has applied to establish a new Irish-incorporated group holding company, Bank of Ireland Group plc, that will become the 100 percent owner of the ordinary stock of the bank.
At the same time it will consolidate its share structure, with ordinary stockholder receiving one share in the new entity for every 30 units of stock held.
Stockholders' ownership of the group will not change as a result of the move, it said. The bank is 14 percent owned by the Irish state.
The move will position the share price "in a range that is more appropriate to the size of the Group" and may assist in reducing share price volatility, the bank said in a statement.
The moves were agreed with regulators at the European Union's Single Resolution Board and the Bank of England, and will allow the bank to comply with new rules on bank bail-ins, it said.
(Reporting by Conor Humphries, editing by David Evans)
CRICKET Australia will release Adelaide's Alex Carey, Travis Head and Hobart's D'Arcy Short from Australia's Twenty20 camp in a surprise and dramatic boost for Sunday's BBL final at Adelaide Oval.
However Strikers express spearhead Billy Stanlake will remain with the Australian camp given his torrid run with back injuries in a bonus for Hobart. The Hurricane's can call on West Indian Jofra Archer's 150km/h thunderbolts.
Camera Icon Travis Head. Picture: Getty Images Camera Icon Alex Carey. Picture: AAP
CA has reacted to tsunami of criticism over depriving the BBL finals series of its premier talent for a T20 tri-series against England and New Zealand.
Opener Short, 27, has made a BBL season record 504 runs at 56 for the Hurricanes followed by Carey's 425 at 53 in 10 innings. Head has 334 at 47 in eight digs.
Carey, Short and Stanlake are expected to face the Black Caps Saturday night in Sydney but not Head.
Camera Icon Hurrican star D'Arcy Short will play in Adelaide. Picture: Getty Images
The trio will be travel to Hobart on Monday ahead of the second T20 international.
Strikers skipper Head returned to Sydney Saturday morning after a matchwinning 85 in 57 balls that steered his team to a nailbiting one-run semi-final win against Cameron White's Melbourne Renegades.
Adelaide will also lose superstar leg-spinner Rashid Khan to international duty for Afghanistan's one-day clash with Zimbabwe on Monday in Dubai.
Camera Icon Billy Stanlake will stay with the Australian T20 squad. Picture: AAP
“It was very proactive from the selectors and Darren Lehmann to give me the opportunity,” said Head of his release from Australian duty to mastermind the Strikers surge to a maiden final.
“I'm only young still, I'm still trying to learn my craft and there's nothing better than playing in front of a full house in high-pressure games. I was able to be a matchwinner which was fantastic.”
Boston, MA -- Humans can accurately sense the position, speed and torque of their limbs, even with their eyes shut. This sense, known as proprioception, allows humans to precisely control their body movements. Despite significant improvements to prosthetic devices in recent years, researchers have been unable to provide this essential sensation to people with artificial limbs, limiting their ability to accurately control their movements. Researchers at the Center for Extreme Bionics at the MIT Media Lab have invented a new neural interface and communication paradigm that is able to send movement commands from the central nervous system to a robotic prosthesis, and relay proprioceptive feedback describing movement of the joint back to the central nervous system in return. This new paradigm, known as the agonist-antagonist myoneural interface (AMI), involves a novel surgical approach to limb amputation in which dynamic muscle relationships are preserved within the amputated limb. The AMI was validated in extensive pre-clinical experimentation at MIT, prior to its first surgical implementation in a human patient at Brigham and Women's Faulkner Hospital.
In a paper published today in Science Translational Medicine, the researchers describe the first human implementation of the agonist-antagonist myoneural interface (AMI), in a person with below-knee amputation. The paper represents the first time information on joint position, speed and torque has been fed from a prosthetic limb into the nervous system, according to senior author and project director Hugh Herr, a professor of media arts and sciences at the MIT Media Lab. "Our goal is to close the loop between the peripheral nervous system's muscles and nerves, and the bionic appendage," says Herr.
To do this, the researchers used the same biological sensors that create the body's natural proprioceptive sensations. The AMI consists of two opposing muscle-tendons, known as an agonist and an antagonist, which are surgically connected in series so that when one muscle contracts and shortens - upon either volitional or electrical activation - the other stretches, and vice versa. This coupled movement enables natural biological sensors within the muscle-tendon to transmit electrical signals to the central nervous system, communicating muscle length, speed and force information, which is interpreted by the brain as natural joint proprioception. This is how muscle-tendon proprioception works naturally in human joints, Herr says. "Because the muscles have a natural nerve supply, when this agonist-antagonist muscle movement occurs information is sent through the nerve to the brain, enabling the person to feel those muscles moving, both their position, speed and load," he says. By connecting the AMI with electrodes, the researchers can detect electrical pulses from the muscle, or apply electricity to the muscle to cause it to contract. "When a person is thinking about moving their phantom ankle, the AMI that maps to that bionic ankle is moving back and forth, sending signals through the nerves to the brain, enabling the person with an amputation to actually feel their bionic ankle moving throughout the whole angular range," Herr says.
Decoding the electrical language of proprioception within nerves is extremely difficult, according to Tyler Clites, first author of the paper and graduate student lead on the project. "Using this approach, rather than needing to speak that electrical language ourselves, we use these biological sensors to speak the language for us," Clites says. "These sensors translate mechanical stretch into electrical signals that can be interpreted by the brain as sensations of position, speed and force."
The AMI was first implemented surgically in a human patient at Brigham and Women's Faulkner Hospital, Boston, by Matthew J Carty, MD, one of the paper's authors, a surgeon in the Division of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery and an MIT research scientist. In this operation, two AMIs were constructed in the residual limb at the time of primary below-knee amputation, with one AMI to control the prosthetic ankle joint, and the other to control the prosthetic subtalar joint.
"We knew that in order for us to validate the success of this new approach to amputation, we would need to couple the procedure with a novel prosthesis that could take advantage of the additional capabilities of this new type of residual limb," Carty says. "Collaboration was critical, as the design of the procedure informed the design of the robotic limb, and vice versa." Towards this end, an advanced prosthetic limb was built at MIT and electrically linked to the patient's peripheral nervous system using electrodes placed over each AMI muscle following the amputation surgery. The researchers then compared the movement of the AMI patient with that of four people who had undergone a traditional below-knee amputation procedure, using the same advanced prosthetic limb. They found that the AMI patient had more stable control over movement of the prosthetic device, and was able to move more efficiently than those with the conventional amputation. They also found that the AMI patient quickly displayed natural, reflexive behaviors such as extending the toes towards the next step when walking down a set of stairs.
These behaviors are essential to natural human movement, and were absent in all of the people who had undergone a traditional amputation. What's more, while the patients with conventional amputation reported feeling disconnected to the prosthesis, the AMI patient quickly described feeling that the bionic ankle and foot had become a part of their own body. "This is pretty significant evidence that the brain and the spinal cord in this patient adopted the prosthetic leg as if it were his biological limb, enabling those biological pathways to become active once again," Clites says. "We believe proprioception is fundamental to that adoption."
It is difficult for an individual with a lower limb amputation to gain a sense of embodiment with their artificial limb, according to Daniel Ferris, the Robert W. Adenbaum Professor of Engineering Innovation at the University of Florida, who was not involved in the research. "This is groundbreaking. The increased sense of embodiment by the amputee subject is a powerful result of having better control of and feedback from the bionic limb," Ferris says. "I expect that we will see individuals with traumatic amputations start to seek out this type of surgery and interface for their prostheses - it could provide a much greater quality of life for amputees."
The researchers have since carried out the AMI procedure on nine other below-knee amputees, and are planning to adapt the technique for those needing above-knee, below-elbow and above-elbow amputations.
"Previously humans have used technology in a tool-like fashion," Herr says. "We are now starting to see a new era of human-device interaction, of full neurological embodiment, in which what we design becomes truly part of us, part of our identity."
The current study has its roots in a research project that received initial funding in 2014, when Carty was selected as the winner of the inaugural Stepping Strong Innovator Awards granted by The Gillian Reny Stepping Strong Center for Trauma Innovation. The awards and center were established by a family that survived the Boston Marathon bombings and committed to support groundbreaking projects in innovative trauma research and care. This support allowed the team to quickly focus on all of the foundational work that was necessary to prepare in advance of taking this innovation to the operating room.
Funding for this work was also provided by MIT Media Lab Consortia and a generous gift from Google, Inc. Prosthetic design and fabrication funded in part by US Army MRMC (W81XWH-14-C-0111).
Brigham and Women's Hospital (BWH) is a 793-bed nonprofit teaching affiliate of Harvard Medical School and a founding member of Partners HealthCare. BWH has more than 4.2 million annual patient visits and nearly 46,000 inpatient stays, is the largest birthing center in Massachusetts and employs nearly 16,000 people. The Brigham's medical preeminence dates back to 1832, and today that rich history in clinical care is coupled with its national leadership in patient care, quality improvement and patient safety initiatives, and its dedication to research, innovation, community engagement and educating and training the next generation of health care professionals. Through investigation and discovery conducted at its Brigham Research Institute (BRI), BWH is an international leader in basic, clinical and translational research on human diseases, more than 3,000 researchers, including physician-investigators and renowned biomedical scientists and faculty supported by nearly $666 million in funding. For the last 25 years, BWH ranked second in research funding from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) among independent hospitals. BWH is also home to major landmark epidemiologic population studies, including the Nurses' and Physicians' Health Studies and the Women's Health Initiative as well as the TIMI Study Group, one of the premier cardiovascular clinical trials groups. For more information, resources and to follow us on social media, please visit BWH's online newsroom.
###
The Direct Line with President Putin, which has become a traditional call-in session through the course of his presidency, started during his first presidential term, back on December 24, 2001.
© Sputnik/ Konstantin Chalabov Broadcast of "Direct Line with Vladimir Putin"
December 24, 2001
Back then the Russian leader received 400,000 questions but was able to address only 46 of them. His communication with the country lasted two and a half hours, one hour longer then was initially planned.
During his first Q&A Session the President promised his people thenceforth to answer their questions through live broadcasts.
December 19, 2002
The second session followed next year. It lasted five minutes longer that the previous line (2 hours and 35 minutes), the President was able to address more questions (51). The event however caused far more interest of the Russians: the call center received 1,422,000 calls.
Unlike the first session held in 2001 when the studio was mainly connected to large cities, in 2002 the studio spoke to six regional centers, two villages, and two towns.
© Sputnik/ Alexei Druzhinin Direct Line with Vladimir Putin
The bulk of the questions concerned social issues, such as wages, pensions and high utility rates. About 20 percent of the questions were about living standards, half of which were about housing. Like in 2001, the majority of questions came from pensioners.
December 18, 2003
During his third call-in session, the President answered 68 questions from all over the country: Moscow, Komsomolsk-on-Amur, the coal quarry Chernigovsky in the Kemerovo Region, Krasnoyarsk, the Kant Air Force Base in Kyrgyzstan, Drilling Rig No. 504 in the Vostochno-Surgutskoye oilfield, Nalchik, Vologda, the village of Novaya Derevnya in Stavropol Territory, Nizhny Novgorod, Michurinsk and Vyborg.
© Sputnik/ Alexei Druzhinin Direct Line with Vladimir Putin
The session lasted 2 hours and 50 minutes. The percentage of questions answered was divided evenly between those sent via the Internet, which the president chose himself, those asked over the telephone, and those asked during the live broadcast. In all, there were 1,553,000 calls.
During this session, Putin announced his intention to run for reelection.
2004
This year the Russian leader decided to make a break in the live communication with his country. Instead, the Russian president held a large-scale news conference in the Kremlin.
© Sputnik/ Direct Line with Vladimir Putin
September 27, 2005
The fourth line was opened on September 27, 2005, where questions could be asked not only via a specially created website and by telephone, but also, for the first time, via a short messaging service.
As in previous years, most people were worried about economic and social matters. Within 2 hours and 53 minutes, the President was able to answer 60 questions, 14 of which he had chosen himself.
© Sputnik/ Alexandr Kryazhev Broadcast of "Direct Line with Vladimir Putin"
The overwhelming majority of the questions had to do with domestic policy with only six questions concerning international problems. Just one inquiry was of a personal nature.
More than one million questions were registered, including one million by telephone and over 100,000 via the short messaging service. The most active categories were blue-collar workers, office workers, pensioners, students, and housewives, who were mainly concerned about salaries, pensions, housing, healthcare services, and support for those serving in the military.
October 25, 2006
The fifth Direct Line of the President with his nation lasted 2 hours and 54 minutes, where he answered more than 50 questions asked via video linkups with populated centers in various parts of the country, by telephone, and on the Direct Line website. Of these, 41 were about domestic matters, nine with international affairs, and two were of a personal nature.
© Sputnik/ Alexei Druzhinin Direct Line with Vladimir Putin
The overall number of questions exceeded 2.3 million, including 2.2 million lodged by telephone and 100,000 via the Internet. A special text message line was also available throughout the broadcast.
Direct linkups were organized with Baltiysk, Bryansk, Irkutsk, Kaspiysk, Kondopoga, Naberezhnye Chelny, Nakhodka, the village of Podgorodnyaya Pokrovka in the Orenburg Region, and Tver. Additionally, a number of questions were also asked live from Crimean Sevastopol.
October 18, 2007
The sixth "Direct Line on October 18, 2007 became the largest at that time in terms of both duration and the number of questions asked.
During the 3 hours, 5 minutes and 40 seconds the session lasted, Putin answered 72 of the more than 2.5 million questions. As before, people mostly expressed social concerns related to improving salaries and pensions, social benefits for pregnant women and young mothers, housing, and rising food prices.
© Sputnik/ Direct Line with Vladimir Putin
Eight questions each were asked about the economy, international issues and domestic policy. The President also answered four personal questions, three questions about the Olympic Games, three about the army, and two about football.
The studio was connected to 67 cities throughout Russia and the CIS (Commonwealth of Independent States) countries, with people from 12 of them getting to ask questions live on air. The President then received 2,276,931 calls.
December 4, 2008
On December 4, 2008, during his seventh Direct Line, Vladimir Putin for the first time answered questions as the country's Prime Minister and the head of the United Russia party.
© Sputnik/ Maksim Bogodvid Direct Line with Vladimir Putin
A special program the "Talk with Vladimir Putin" lasted for 3 hours and 8 minutes, 3 minutes longer than a year earlier.
Putin answered 80 questions asked by phone, text messages, and online, as well as via mobile television stations installed in Russian regions. There were 1,636,800 calls and 642,000 text messages.
The bulk of the questions concerned the consequences of the global financial crisis, rising petrol prices, pensions, social benefits and wages in the public sector, as well as maternity capital and mortgages for young families.
© Sputnik/ Vitali Ankov Broadcast of Direct Line with Vladimir Putin
December 3, 2009
On December 3, 2009, then Prime Minister Vladimir Putin held his eighth Q&A session called "A Conversation with Vladimir Putin: Continued."
The program lasted 4 hours and 2 minutes. The prime minister answered over 80 of the more than two million questions that came in via phone, text messages, and emails sent to www.moskva-putinu.ru.
The 2009 Q&A session focused on support for industries. Putin spoke with employees of the companies he had previously visited, telling them about practical support measures and promising to visit again in the event of any problems. Putin also spoke about macroeonomics mentioning gloomy figures of the 2009 GDP and industrial production decline, but expressed hope that things might start getting better in 2010.
© Sputnik/ Evgeny Biyatov Direct Line with Vladimir Putin
December 16, 2010
The 2010 Q&A session had the same name as the previous, "A Conversation with Vladimir Putin: Continued."
It was the ninth live session and beat the previous record by 24 minutes; it lasted 4 hours and 26 minutes. Of the more than 2 million questions received, Putin answered 90 questions, 31 of which he chose himself.
Most of the questions concerned socioeconomic issues and the consequences of the devastating wildfires that had hit Russia that summer. The prime minister was also asked about preparations for the 2014 Sochi Olympics and 2018 FIFA World Cup. One person asked whether Vladimir Putin had had to give an order to kill a traitor.
© Sputnik/ Alexei Druzhinin Direct Line with Vladimir Putin
The prime minister received over 2,000,000 questions, of which half a million were texted, while 1,400,000 were phone calls and the rest came from the website.
December 15, 2011
On December 15, 2011, Vladimir Putin spent four and a half hours answering questions. About 40 percent of the television audience that day tuned into the broadcast. Putin's tenth Direct Line Q&A session began at noon and ended 4 hours and 32 minutes later. During this time, Putin answered 88 questions, 25 of which concerned parliamentary election results, the next presidential election, Russian political parties, Putin's political plans, personnel issues, and many other issues.
© Sputnik/ Direct Line with Vladimir Putin
According to the direct line hosts, most of the 1,882,000 calls and texts that the specially set-up call center had received by 3:30 p.m. Moscow time concerned the social sphere and protection. Utilities and amenities were second most popular questions, followed by labor relations and wages. Putin was also asked private questions such as ones about his dreams, his plans for New Year, what he believed brought him happiness, and which of his character traits he disliked
2012
In 2012, there was no Direct Line with Vladimir Putin, but the Kremlin said they had not abandoned the format and promised to hold it thenceforth only during the warm season.
© Sputnik/ Michael Klimentyev Q&A session with Vladimir Putin
April 25, 2013
April 25, 2013 saw the eleventh traditional "Direct Line with Vladimir Putin."
One that very day, Vladimir Putin again broke his own record with the session lasting 4 hours and 47 minutes. The President answered 85 questions, including 24 rapid-fire questions, eight of which he chose himself and the rest were put forward by the session's hosts.
During the 2013 session, the call center fielded a record number of calls; around three million calls had been received as of 4 p.m. local time.
As by tradition, Russians were mostly concerned about social issues, with some complaining about inflated utility payments and low wages live on air.
April 17, 2014
On April 17, 2014, the Russian President talked with his country for the twelfth time. It was the second of his current presidency, and the first to involve residents of Russia's new region – Crimea.
© Sputnik/ Michael Klimentyev Direct Line with Vladimir Putin
The 2014 "Direct Line" lasted 3 hours and 55 minutes. Putin answered 81 questions, 35 of which concerned Crimea and Ukraine. The studio was connected with four Russian regions as well as to a studio in Berlin, which brought together international experts from the Valdai Discussion Club. Four of the questions asked during the broadcast came from Sevastopol. Putin also answered a video question from former US intelligence employee Edward Snowden.
April 16, 2015
On April 16, 2015, during his 13th direct line, the President received a total of 2,486,000 questions, of which 1,700,000 were by phone, and over 400,000 were texted.
© Sputnik/ Alexandr Kryazhev Broadcast of "Direct Line with Vladimir Putin"
The direct line went for 3 hours 57 minutes. Videolinks with six Russian regions were included. Vladimir Putin had time to answer 74 questions, which concerned sanctions and reciprocal sanctions, the situation in Ukraine, the investigation into opposition politician Boris Nemtsov's murder, and such domestic issues as loans, mortgage and state service.
April 14, 2016
April 14, 2016 was the date of another "Direct line with Vladimir Putin".
© Sputnik/ Michael Klimentyev Direct Line with Vladimir Putin
A total of 2,500,000 questions were put to the President. That year, the program lasted 3 hours 40 minutes, and the President answered 80 questions, which focused mainly on domestic political and economic issues. They concerned the current state of the economy, rising prices on food products and drugs, inflation, wage arrears, and layoffs at social institutions.
Russians were very much interested in international affairs asking questions about nearly all key foreign policy issues and the more relevant issues on the international agenda. Putin talked about the situation in Syria, the crisis settlement in Donbass and the Nagorny Karabakh region, the Russia-US relations and Ukraine. Videolinks included Crimea, Sakhalin, Voronezh Region, Tomsk and Tula.
TIRASPOL (Sputnik) - Transnistria's Foreign Minister Vitaly Ignatyev on Tuesday called for the early holding of a meeting in the 5+2 format on the Transnistrian settlement.
The 5+2 format, proposed by the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), includes Transnistria and Moldova, Russia, Ukraine and the OSCE as mediators, while the European Union and the United States act as observers. In late March, Franco Frattini, the OSCE Chairperson-in-Office's Special Representative for the Transnistrian Settlement Process, proposed to hold another round of talks in Rome in May.
"The Transnistrian party insists on the early holding of the meeting of the 'Permanent Conference… ' in 5+2 format in order to discuss in a comprehensive manner all the pressing issues on the negotiating process' agenda," Ignatyev was quoted as saying in the Foreign Ministry's press release.
© REUTERS / Gleb Garanich/File Photo Moldova Expels Russian Diplomats in 'Solidarity' With EU
According to Tiraspol, the situation in the area have recently escalated due to the joint customs control by Moldova and Ukraine launched in July.
Transnistria, a region which has a predominantly ethic Russian and Ukrainian population, seceded from the Soviet Republic of Moldova for fear of its possible reunion with Romania in 1990. The separation led to a conflict that ended in a ceasefire announced on July 21, 1992, but the conflict remains unresolved.
Transnistria, which is not recognized by the United Nations as a political and diplomatic entity, is seen by Moldova as an autonomous territorial unit with special legal status.
As concerns about privacy increase for people using mobile apps, users' trust and engagement may hinge on perceptions about how the app uses their data and whether it seeks user input before delivering personalized services, according to researchers. However, their reactions may also depend on how familiar a user is with technology, they added.
In a study of a prototype app for recommending eco-friendly stores, users considered an app more trustworthy and easier to use if they felt they were consulted about the distance and nature of the stores they prefer, a process called overt personalization. Usability of the app was dampened when the personalization was covert, when it recommended stores without first asking their preferences.
But, it is not always feasible to consult app users because it would interrupt them and require them to make too many choices, said the researchers. One solution is to make sure that users have a clear understanding of how the app is using their data.
According to the researchers, higher perceived transparency -- whether users recognize that the app is clearly conveying how and why it is collecting the data -- is associated with better product involvement and user engagement. Transparency can also mean lower privacy concerns.
"Providing details about how the app is going to do things, such as how it will use your information, how it will store the data and how it's going to delete that information, may reduce some of the privacy concerns and the feeling of being creeped out by personalized offerings," said S. Shyam Sundar, distinguished professor of communications and co-director of the Media Effects Research Laboratory.
Tsai-Wei Chen, a user experience designer at Optum, who worked with Sundar, said that the perception of control can lead to a series of positive user reactions.
"If you give people a perception of control, they trust the app more, and, the more they trust it, the greater their involvement in the app and the more positive attitudes," said Chen. "Their privacy concerns also went down and they had greater engagement with the app."
The researchers, who presented their findings at the CHI Conference in Montreal, found a connection between a user's technological savvy and his or her ability to perceive overt personalization and information transparency.
"People who were more familiar with using technology -- power users -- could tell the difference between overt and covert personalization," said Sundar. "They better recognized the value of information transparency and felt that it made up for perceived lack of overtness in personalization."
The researchers suggest that because users' familiarity with technology may influence how they experience features, such as privacy controls, developers should have a clear understanding of their customers' expertise and limitations when designing an app.
Developers should also make cues about information usage more obvious for casual tech users, they added.
"For users who have some tech expertise, it's easier to incorporate covert personalization, but make sure the transparency cues are apparent and easy to understand," said Chen. "For users with lower tech expertise, you need to work hard to convey overt personalization and information transparency, or find other features to increase their trust."
For the study, the researchers recruited 302 participants to use five different versions of an app prototype, called GreenByMe, that recommended local eco-friendly stores. The five versions covered the different conditions of the experiment, including covert personalization, overt personalization, high transparency, low transparency, and a control condition.
In the overt condition, the app displayed selection menus. To test transparency, in the high transparency condition, a screen contained an explanation on how the information would be used.
###
The National Science Foundation supported this work.
IT'S King James' Cleveland Cavaliers v the NBA's reigning champion Golden State Warriors. Again.
And this time around most think the game's biggest name, LeBron James, might be fighting a losing battle against the might of Stephen Curry and Kevin Durant. And Klay Thompson. And … you get the picture.
The 2018 edition of the NBA Finals is very much a case of fans around the world wanting to see if LeBron really can carry this team — thought to be inferior to the previous Cavs line-ups to have battled for the title — to the championship.
BLOW: WARRIORS STAR RULED OUT OF GAME 1
LEBRON OR MJ? KOBE'S TAKE ON WHO'S THE GOAT
GAME 7s: BOTH TEAMS FORCED TO TAKE LONG ROAD
Golden State and Cleveland have met in the past three NBA Finals, with the Warriors last year getting the best-of-seven series done in five matches.
Camera Icon LeBron James is playing his eighth straight NBA Finals series. Pic: Getty Images/AFP Picture: AFP
One of LeBron's three NBA rings came in 2016 when his side, then with Kyrie Irving, overcame the Warriors in seven.
As the superstar of world basketball, many believe if James can lift this younger, less experienced Cavs unit to another title then many believe the King deserves to take his place alongside Michael Jordan (six NBA titles) as the game's greatest.
NBA FINALS SCHEDULE (all times AEST):
Game 1 — Friday June 1, 11am (Golden State)
Game 2 — Monday June 4, 10am (Golden State)
Game 3 — Thursday June 7, 11am (Cleveland)
Game 4 — Saturday June 9, 11am (Cleveland)
*Game 5 — Tuesday June 12, 11am (Golden State)
*Game 6 — Friday June 15, 11am (Cleveland)
*Game 7 — Monday June 18, 11am (Golden State)
* If required
Camera Icon Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry are trying to make it back-to-back titles. Pic: Getty Images/AFP Picture: AFP
BETTING:
Game 1:
GWS — $1.12, Cleveland $6.25
Line:
$1.90 Golden State -12.5
$1.90 Cleveland +12.5
Margin:
$1.72 — Golden State Over 10
$2.80 — Golden State 1-10
$7.50 — Cleveland 1-10
$21 — Over 10
SERIES BETTING:
Winner: GSW — $1.12, Cleveland $6.50
Finals MVP:
$1.60 — Kevin Durant
$3.40 — Stephen Curry
$6.50 — LeBron James
$17 — Klay Thompson
$21 — Draymond Green
$81 — Kevin Love
Most Series Points:
$1.20 — LeBron James
$5.50 — Kevin Durant
$13 — Stephen Curry
$26 — Klay Thompson
$151 — Draymond Green
$151 — Kevin Love
Series Correct Score:
$2.60 — Golden State 4-1
$3.00 — Golden State 4-0
$5.50 — Golden State 4-2
$6.75 — Golden State 4-3
$15 — Cleveland 4-3
$21 — Cleveland 4-2
$51 — Cleveland 4-1
$151 — Cleveland 4-0
* Odds courtesy of TAB
Camera Icon Warriors coach Steve Kerr. Pic: AP Picture: AP
Camera Icon Cleveland coach Tyronn Lue. Pic: AP Picture: AP
HOW TO WATCH THE NBA FINALS IN AUSTRALIA
The answer? Pay TV.
The series is being shown on ESPN, which is part of Foxtel's sports package.
If that isn't an option — and the pub down the road doesn't show ESPN — fans can sign up to watch live online (at a cost).
Or, of course, the best way to follow the game when you're not in front of the television is right here.
Watch the 2017/18 NBA Playoffs on ESPN with the Foxtel Sports Pack. SIGN UP NOW >
UPDATE 1-UK Stocks-Factors to watch on June 15
June 15 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 3 points lower on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures down 0.3 percent ahead of the cash market open.
That is right fixing America should be their cry and to do it they should stop being hypocritesand do as they say and follow the principals they claim to stand for.Like family, like a strong economy, like job growth, like lower taxes for every one, or how about at least fare taxes for every one, even the rich.
Fixing America is and will not be easy or make anyone a favorite of anyone, but it is what Americans need and reallywant. So where to start? How about start from their beginning "family" if you say welfare is stressing America's pocket then why do we pay people to become single parents? Let us start right there if you want your child to sit but they just walk away. You only praise them if that is what you want them to to the next time they are told to sit. How about paying mothers who have children who live in a husband wife home with their partner. We give tax breaks to married couplesthat is why marriages spike every December before the tax deadline. It may at first sound craze because you are not thinking but stop and think. If you pay some one a reward for good behavior and not for bad they will be more apt to do good. The crime rate often linked to single family homes the drop out rate is often linked to single family homes, suicides same so why not reward pepole who not only do what is right but what is good for America. You say pay a housewife to stay home and raise children that sounds like prison it is not fare it is SO WHAT NATURAL. We too often forget before we are American we are human and almost every species the female raised the young to show them how to act as they grow so her young will fit into the lives their young will be a part of. If America had no device or single family homes we could only think how our politicians would grow up to govern.
Gov. Bill Walker announced Friday that he appointed Leslie Ridle to be commissioner of the Department of Administration. Ridle said her focus will be on the bottom line.
“Our priorities are to create as many efficiencies as we can for the state,” Ridle said. “We've been working really hard to provide service to the public and to our internal agencies, to save money and to reduce costs and do as much as we can to help with the state budget.”
The Department of Administration serves other state agencies, including overseeing labor relations. It also provides indigent defense and children's legal advocacy.
Ridle has served as the acting commissioner for the past month, after serving as the deputy commissioner for more than two years.
The department will negotiate contracts with seven labor bargaining units in the coming year. Ridle didn't say whether the administration will pursue pay freezes supported by some lawmakers.
“We're just getting started on most of them this fall, so of course pay will be a topic of the negotiations,” she said. “I don't know for sure what all will come up at this point. I can't negotiate here on the radio with you, but everything's on the table in the beginning, of course.”
Ridle is a Juneau resident. She has worked for Mark Begich when he was a U.S. senator and Anchorage mayor. And she was an eighth-grade social studies and English teacher in Eagle River.
Southampton's James Ward-Prowse celebrates scoring his side's third goal of the game.
Southampton's James Ward-Prowse celebrates scoring his side's third goal of the game.
A SMASH-AND-GRAB raid late in the first half helped Southampton to come from behind and secure a 3-2 win over Premier League relegation rivals West Brom at The Hawthorns on Saturday.
The Baggies had led through Ahmed Hegazi's early header, but Mario Lemina equalised with a spectacular first goal in Southampton colours, and Jack Stephens continued his rich vein of scoring form by nodding home, as the visitors struck twice in the space of three minutes shortly before the break.
James Ward-Prowse appeared to have afforded the visitors a degree of comfort when he steered home a clever free-kick in the 55th minute.
And although Salomon Rondon pulled one back in the 72nd minute, the hosts proved unable to force an equaliser in the time remaining, the result leaving West Brom at risk of being cut adrift in 20th place.
Brighton and Hove Albion eased their relegation fears as they completed a league double over West Ham with a 3-1 win at the Amex Stadium on Saturday.
Chris Hughton's side recorded their first league win of 2018 thanks to stunning second-half strikes from Jose Izquierdo and Pascal Gross, blowing open the 10,000th Premier League game between two sides looking over their shoulders in the battle to avoid the drop.
Glenn Murray had converted a one-on-one opportunity to put the hosts ahead in the eighth minute, only for Javier Hernandez to grab an equaliser and get West Ham on level terms before the half-hour mark.
Swansea City, meanwhile, extended their unbeaten run to seven games after Federico Fernandez's equaliser earned them a 1-1 draw against Leicester City.
Jamie Vardy gave Leicester a first-half lead and Claude Puel's side looked set to bounce back from their defeat to Everton last time out with a win until Swansea mounted a fightback after the break.
Carlos Carvalhal has only suffered one defeat since he took the reins at Swansea and whatever he said to his players at half-time had the desired effect and they drew level through Fernandez within seven minutes of the restart.
Eddie Howe's Bournemouth followed up their big win at Stamford Bridge in midweek with another victory.
Xherdan Shaqiri put visitors Stoke 1-0 up after just five minutes but Joshua King and Lys Mousset struck within 10 minutes of each other midway through the second half to seal the points.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – The United States is polarized and divided more than ever, EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said Wednesday.
"I have never seen the United States so polarized and split as well as burdened with conflicts as now. Nevertheless, one who wants to play a global role, must be internally strong, self-confident and consolidated," Mogherini said in an interview with German newspaper Die Welt.
She pointed out that the situation in the United States might have a negative impact on the global stability.
"When the world's biggest democracy faces such serious tensions, this can be a destabilizing factor for the rest of the world," Mogherini said.
The EU foreign policy chief added that the EU-US relations were likely to change under the administration of President Donald Trump.
"In the future there may be more topics, on which the European Union and the United States will have different positions," Mogherini warned.
© AP Photo/ Alexander Zemlianichenko Trump or Putin? EU Loses Plot on Biggest Threat
On January 20, Trump was sworn in as the 45th President of the United States. During his election campaign, he vowed to reshape US economic and migration policy shifting to protectionism and tightening immigration rules.
Trump was criticized in the European Union for his remarks welcoming British decision on Brexit and criticizing German Chancellor Angela Merkel's migration policy with French President Francois Hollande having said that the bloc did not need external advice. Trump's coming to power also puts under question the prospects of the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) agreement, negotiated between the United States and the European Union since 2013 and seeking to establish a free trade zone between the two sides of the Atlantic.
DALLAS — Jamie Benn had a goal and an assist during a four-goal second period, and the Dallas Stars beat the Minnesota Wild 6-1 Saturday night.
Mattias Janmark and Benn scored on the power play, Tyler Seguin scored on an assist from Benn, and Stephen Johns added an unassisted goal during the second-period flurry. Alexander Radulov and Dan Hamhuis scored in the third period for the Stars, Seguin also had two assists, and Kari Lehtonen stopped 30 shots to win his fourth straight.
Jason Zucker spoiled Lehtonen's shutout bid at 5:40 of the third period. Alex Stalock stopped 25 of the 29 shots he faced through the first two periods, and Devan Dubnyk gave up two goals on nine shots in the third.
In an evenly played first period, neither team had a goal or a penalty as the Wild outshot the Stars 10-9.
That all changed midway through the second period, when Minnesota drew the first two penalties and Dallas scored on both power plays sandwiched around the goal by Johns in a span of 4:08.
Zucker went off for high sticking at 7:41 and Janmark deflected John Klingberg's shot from the blue line past Stalock at 8:59.
Johns stole the puck in the neutral zone, skated in to the right faceoff circle and sent the puck just inside the right goalpost just 48 seconds later.
Dallas swarmed Minnesota's net on the second power play. Devin Shore's backhand from just to the left of the goal rebounded to Benn on the right for an easy goal at 11:49.
Seguin increased the Stars' sudden lead to 4-0, taking a pass from Benn low in the left circle for Seguin's team-leading 25th goal.
NOTES: The Stars' No. 1 goalie, Ben Bishop, was scratched after being hit in the face by a puck while sitting on the bench during Thursday's game at Arizona. Rookie Landon Bow was recalled from Texas of the AHL to back up Lehtonen. ... Commemorating 25 years in Dallas since moving from Minnesota, the Stars had four players from the 1993-94 team — Paul Cavallini, Russ Courtnall, Dave Gagner and Craig Ludwig — drop ceremonial first pucks. ... Stars LW Antoine Roussel returned after missing two games because of a nasal infection. ... Minnesota was playing back-to-back nights after a 5-2 home win over Vegas on Friday. ... The Wild came in with a seven-game streak of scoring on the power play, during which they had eight goals. At the other end, they have allowed seven goals in their last 12 penalty-killing attempts over the last five games.
The Governor's Office of Crime Control & Prevention has announced a grant of $37,882 to the Deaf Abused Women Network (DAWN) for the Deaf Survivors project. DAWN's mission is to promote healthy relationships and end abuse in the deaf community.
“Our administration is committed to ensuring the safety of all of our citizens, and this includes supporting crime victims who are members of the deaf community in Maryland,” said Governor Hogan. “This community has unique needs and this program will ensure that deaf victims have access to the resources and services they need to be safe.”
The purpose of the Deaf Survivors project is to develop and implement strategies specifically intended to provide assistance to deaf survivors of abuse. The project will provide accessible advocacy services to deaf residents who experience domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, human trafficking, and/or bullying to help them heal and progress with their lives.
“This is a great first step in addressing this serious issue by meeting the community's specific needs through culturally and linguistically accessible services in Maryland,” said Kelby Brick, Executive Director of the Governor's Office of the Deaf and Hard of Hearing.
These grant funds will provide for personnel, operating, travel, programs, and contractual services. This program is made possible through the inter-departmental cooperation of the Governor's Office of Crime Control & Prevention and the Governor's Office of the Deaf & Hard of Hearing within the Governor's Coordinating Offices.
“My office is dedicated to ensuring all victims receive the highest level of services and care, and that includes those who are deaf or hard of hearing.” said Glenn Fueston, Executive Director of the Governor's Office of Crime Control & Prevention. “These grants make a real difference by offering a full range of assistance and services for victims in this community.”
Click here to view a short video of Executive Directors Kelby Brick from the Governor's Office of the Deaf and Hard of Hearing and Glenn Fueston from the Governor's Office of Crime Control & Prevention discussing the collaboration of their respective offices.
Related
Category: Local News, NEWS
The snow has arrived and some schools and roads are closed.
If you know your child's school is closed today - Monday, December 11, let us know.
Doug Ford's Progressive Conservatives support Ontario's basic income pilot project, a three-year experiment to determine whether regular, no-strings-attached payments improve health, education and housing outcomes for people living in poverty.
"We look forward to seeing the results," a party spokesperson said Monday about the Liberal government initiative launched a year ago today .
After a slow start due to disbelief among many that it was too good to be true, the project has reached its goal of enrolling 6,000 participants between the ages of 18 and 65 in Hamilton-Brant, Thunder Bay and Lindsay.
Under the three-year experiment, more than 4,000 people will receive up to $17,000 a year ($24,000 for couples). Another 2,000 will be paid to fill out surveys as part of a control group. Participants with disabilities will get an extra $6,000.
"While our economy is in a strong position … there is still much we need to do to build a province where everyone is included in our economic growth," Premier Kathleen Wynne said in a statement to mark the anniversary.
The pilot project "is changing lives today and helping us plan for a future in which people have the supports they need to get ahead in a rapidly changing economy," she added.
Results from the three test sites will guide future provincial policy on how to better support all Ontarians living in poverty, the government says.
The NDP, in their campaign platform released last week, said they would also support the $50 million-a-year initiative, if elected June 7.
Tom Cooper of the Hamilton Roundtable for Poverty Reduction said whoever wins the provincial election has a "moral obligation" to continue the project, calling participants "pioneers."
"Sure, they are getting a bit more income, but there is always that fear of trusting government programs," said Cooper, whose group has been helping prospective participants enrol in the project.
Scroll for more content...
When 12 soccer players and their coach ventured into a Thai cave last month, they left their bikes chained at the entrance. They expected to come back in a few hours.
But they didn't surface from the cave that day. Nor the next day. Nor for another week.
Finally, after nine days, all 13 team members were found safe. Here's what their grueling ordeal and the search efforts looked like:
Saturday, June 23: The boys disappear
The weather is clear at around 1 p.m. when members of the Wild Boars soccer team chain their bikes to a rail and hike into Tham Luang Nang Non cave in the mountains of northern Thailand.
They wander deeper and deeper into the cave, past signs warning hikers to stay out during the rainy season that was just about to begin.
Then the rain starts pounding. Hard.
A national park ranger later notices the bikes chained up after the park closed. The search-and-rescue efforts start that night.
Sunday, June 24: Bags and sandals found
Rescuers find bags and sandals inside the cave; rising waters force the suspension of the search in the afternoon, according to the Bangkok Post.
Monday, June 25: Searchers find handprints
Rising waters block the way, leaving the group stuck inside the cave network, an official with Thailand's national parks tells CNN. Rescuers pause the search in the evening because of flooding.
"Handprints were found around cave's wall. But we still cannot locate the kids," Thai Royal Navy SEALs posted on Facebook.
Rescuers use pumps to pump out the water.
Tuesday, June 26: 'The water is rising all the time'
After a rain delay, the search resumes. Electric cables and ventilation hoses are laid in the cave, the Bangkok Post reports.
Vernon Unsworth, a British cave explorer now living in Thailand, tells CNN he is helping with the search.
"So far as I know, the (Thai Navy) SEAL divers ... have gone into the main part of the cave, but the conditions are very difficult," Unsworth said. "The water is rising all the time."
Unsworth has explored cave several times and says water is the greatest danger.
"If the children have gone in too far, then the floodwater from the far end will be coming through," he says. "The problem is 3 kilometers in, where there is a big pool of water (that) is getting higher and higher."
Unsworth said due the lack of airflow into the cave, the conditions will deteriorate. "The next 6 to 10 hours will be crucial," he said.
Wednesday, June 27: 'The clock is ticking'
Time is running out, Thai Interior Minister Anupong Paochinda warns. "We will try to find other ways apart from underwater rescue because the clock is ticking," he said. But he's confident the boys and their coach are still alive, he said.
Rescuers try to access the caves from overhead locations, using new maps to narrow the search area. Nearly 50 pumps are now at the caves but water levels continue to rise. A team from the U.S. military's Pacific Command and expert British cavers and divers arrive.
Thursday, June 28: Intense rain hampers mission
Torrential rain forces searchers to pause for an agonizing five hours. Power is temporarily shut off. Finally, crews are able to restart their efforts. Drones, including some with thermal cameras, are deployed. Heavy-duty pumps are brought in to stem the rising tide of floodwaters.
Friday, June 29: Help arrives from China
A team of six Chinese experts arrives at the cave site in Thailand's Chiang Rai province, according to the Chinese Embassy in Thailand.
Climbers shimmy down a chimney into the cave complex, deep in the jungle to the north of the opening where the boys' bikes were found. Drilling is underway in several points in the cave complex, primarily to relieve flooding.
Saturday, June 30: Australian help arrives
Australia also deploys a team of six experts from its national police's Specialist Response Group. The team, which typically carries out land search-and-rescue operations, also has experience diving in flooded cave.
Sunday, July 1: The rescue mission continues
The international rescue operation -- including the Thai SEALs, along with experts from at least six countries -- has been working to reach a large, deep chamber, informally known as Pattaya Beach, where the missing boys are believed to have taken refuge.
Monday, July 2: Relief at last
Rescue teams find all 12 boys and their soccer coach alive in the cave, Chiang Rai Gov. Narongsak Osottanakorn says.
But the rescue mission isn't over yet.
"We will drain all water out from the cave. Then we will take all 13 people out of the cave," Osottanakorn says.
"We are now planning how to send (a) nurse and doctor inside the cave to check their health and movement. We will work all night."
The team will likely need medical treatment, including fluids, rescue consultant Pat Moret tells CNN.
"Worse care scenario is they have to dive them out," he says, .
"It won't be anything like diving that most people recognize. It will be diving in what is effectively muddy water, possibly fast flowing, with no sense of direction," he said.
It will be a challenge for divers to take the children through the flooded section, Moret says.
The party has nominated its former leader, 42-year-old Albin Kurti, as candidate for prime minister. The opposition Vetevendosje (VV) party 26.3% Nearly complete results in Kosovo's national election are showing that a … Vijon
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): The Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) chief Lalu Prasad Yadav cornered Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday, over the latter's visit to Pakistan in 2015, and accused him of favouring Pakistan.
"He goes uninvited to Pakistan, allows it's notorious agency ISI to picnic in our sensitive Pathankot airbase, calls Pakistan PM in oath ceremony, gifts him generously still Pakistan is bad. If you hate Pakistan then Why don't you end Most Favoured Nation status given to Pakistan?" Yadav posted on Twitter.
In his tweet, Yadav was referring to Prime Minister Modi's surprise visit to Pakistan to meet his then counterpart Nawaz Sharif in December 2015, months after the terror attack in Udhampur and Gurdaspur. Days after the visit, the Pathankot airbase in Punjab was attacked by six terrorists from Pakistan. The RJD chief's swipe comes a day after Prime Minsiter Modi accused the Congress Party of colluding with Pakistan to interfere in the results of Gujarat Assembly elections. (ANI)
'Happy New Year from Hawaii!! 2017 will be just as good,' Pia says
MANILA, Philippines – Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach welcomed 2017 in Hawaii with rumored boyfriend Marlon Stockinger. (IN PHOTOS: Philippine stars welcome 2017)
On Instagram, Pia posted a photo of her and Marlon posing at the beach with the caption "My kind of NYE [Marlon Stockinger]."
My kind of NYE @marlonstockinger #hawaii A photo posted by Pia Wurtzbach | Miss Universe (@piawurtzbach) on Dec 31, 2016 at 11:23pm PST
In another post, Pia wrote: "'Happy New Year from Hawaii!! 2017 will be just as good!"
Happy New Year from Hawaii!! 2017 will be just as good! A photo posted by Pia Wurtzbach | Miss Universe (@piawurtzbach) on Jan 1, 2017 at 2:27am PST
Pia also greeted her followers through the Miss Universe Instagram page.
Starting the New Year off under the Sun! Happy New Year everyone!! What a year 2016 has been. A video posted by Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach (@missuniverse) on Dec 31, 2016 at 7:36pm PST
Meanwhile, Marlon posted a photo of Pia by the beach with the caption: "Beachbumin on the last day of the year."
Beachbumin on the last day of the year A photo posted by Marlon Stockinger (@marlonstockinger) on Dec 31, 2016 at 9:23pm PST
In an interview last October during the Star Magic Ball, Marlon, a Filipino-Swiss race car driver, confirmed that he and Pia have been seeing each other. The two have also been spotted in Singapore in December.
Dinner date A photo posted by Marlon Stockinger (@marlonstockinger) on Nov 28, 2016 at 4:12am PST
Before Marlon, Pia was linked to Mikhail Varshavski, populalry known as "Doctor Mike, the "Sexiest Doctor Alive." – Rappler.com
They are a flashpoint of debate. Should we honor those who many says is the symbolism of slavery.
Just this summer, a third Confederate memorial was taken down in New Orleans. The General P.T.G. Beauregard monument came down in the middle of the night. Workers who removed the statue did so in face-concealing gear.
Snipers stood by for their protection.
Our research shows there are confederate monuments all over the United States.
In fact, at least 22 states have some type of monument.
Not all of the monuments are from shortly after the civil war era; some are much more recent and less than a decade old.
These photos are from the 2007 Confederate monument unveiled in Georgetown, Delaware.
The internet is full of photos of other monuments dedicated just a few years ago. This website shows a 2010 dedication. Confederate heritage groups dedicated a memorial in Sierra Vista, Arizona, near the Mexico border.
That same year, a monument to mark 150 years since the south officially announced it wanted to secede from the Union, was proposed in South Carolina. It was never built.
On Saturday, the mayor of Lexington, Kentucky announced he wants to take down two monuments to Confederate soldiers.
In a tweet Saturday about the monuments In Lexington, he said, "We cannot let them define our future."
Tomi Lahren: I'm So Sick of Celebs, Elitists Looking Down on Gun Owners
Authorities Looking for 'Mystery Woman' Seen With Las Vegas Gunman
The Las Vegas massacre has led to many Democratic lawmakers and liberals pushing for stricter gun control legislation.
Larry O'Connor, a radio host and Mediaite contributing editor, wrote a recent piece pointing out that many on the left declare the U.S. government to be evil and racist, while simultaneously arguing that evil and racist government should determine who can and cannot arm themselves.
"I don't know about you, but if a hurricane comes or some other natural disaster and the government actually can't do anything or won't do anything to help me, I'd like to have a gun around at my disposal," O'Connor said on "Tucker Carlson Tonight."
Carlson pointed out that no matter when or where a mass shooting occurs, Democratic lawmakers default to blaming Middle America and the Second Amendment.
O'Connor suggested it's no coincidence that they try and blame the people who put President Trump in the White House.
"For how many months have we been told Donald Trump is a fascist, he's this century's Adolf Hitler?" O'Connor said. "Now, if our Democratic republic is so fragile that Adolf Hitler could become our president, my God, why would we not want to be able to arm ourselves?"
"And why would we want 'Adolf Hitler' to be the one who decides who gets a gun and who doesn't?" he continued. "We've seen that story play out. It's not a good one."
Watch more above.
Dana Loesch: Monsters Exist and Millions of Americans Want to Protect Themselves
Nancy Sinatra: 'Murderous Members of NRA Should Face Firing Squad'
Las Vegas Attack Victim Who Stood for Trumps: 'I Just Wanted to Show Them Respect'
'You'll Find Out': Trump Again Teases About a 'Calm Before the Storm'
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK — A woman's son allegedly choked his mother's ex-boyfriend to death Monday after spotting the man beating her inside their New York City apartment, police said.
The 43-year-old ex-boyfriend showed up at the University Avenue unit in the Bronx around 4:30 a.m. to talk to the mother, police told WPIX. The two argued in the hallway, then he followed her into the apartment.
The man, who police didn't immediately identify Monday, then began beating the 37-year-old woman, officers said. Her 18-year-old son heard what was happening and rushed out of his bedroom.
The teen allegedly fought with his mom's ex-boyfriend, pulling him off of his mother before choking the man to death, police said.
Police sources said the mother, who had briefly passed out, woke up to the sight of her son standing over her ex-boyfriend.
The dead man has 26 prior arrests, two for domestic violence against the teenager's mother, sources told WPIX.
Police took the teen into custody. No charges have been filed as of Monday evening.
OLDE FASHIONED The Process Of Paper Marbling Is Just As Cool As The Finished Product
Paper marbling dates back centuries, to a time when hand-made books were the norm. At Oberlin College's letterpress studio, students of the craft are making beautiful prints like this one.
The Sitka School District's counselors are taking the offensive as the administration begins to outline next year's budget.
Counselors from every building shared an hour-by-hour look into their work days on Dec. 4 for the Sitka School Board, and the range of emotional and behavioral issues they typically address.
For Jeanine Brooks things start before her official work day when she checks in with teachers about students who might be struggling, and they develop strategies to help those students be successful.
It's far from what you might expect, like tardiness, or forgetting a lunch box.
“Last year I had six students out of a very small population at Wooch.een Yei (preschool) and Baranof who had lost a parent to death due to substance abuse,” Brooks said. “There are 33 kids in foster care or kinship care. All of those children are bringing to school intense grief that gets in the way of their learning.”
Brooks described for the board how she feeds, clothes, counsels — and drives to school, if necessary — up to half of all students in elementary school over the course of a year.
Brooks has a master's degree in social work from University of California Berkeley, and 28 years experience in social work, 18 of them at Baranof Elementary and Wooch.een Yei preschool.
She's one of the district's six counselors — most of whom share her level of academic qualification, if not her years.
In fact, one Sitka School Board members, Quinlynn Holder, even remembers Brooks in action.
“I didn't even mention the fun part, Quinlynn… Then there's my puppet work that I get to do, which is totally fun. I'm still doing Kelso the Frog, who is in his 24th year at Baranof Elementary. He's been there longer than I have.”
Except for Kelso the Frog, not much in the daily life of a school counselor sounds like fun.
The problems students face reflect the problems of society: Psychological abuse, physical abuse, sexual abuse and emotional neglect are only 4 of 10 areas of trauma experienced by a portion of Sitka's student population.
Keet Gooshi Heen counselor Ramon Quevedo has a litany of crises he's managing.
“Some examples of what I'm seeing students for are: Death of a parent, terminally-ill parent; some of the students have depression and anxiety; there are some divorces. Some of the students just have an inability to self-regulate their emotions, so we work on some skills to do that. And then we have the students with ADD or ADHD, and we work on skills to help focus and relax in class.”
Like Brooks, Quevedo regularly sees about 35 of the 412 students in second through fifth grade, but can be called in to assist with behavioral problems anywhere in the school.
As students grow older, so do some of the issues.
At Keet, students are beginning to reckon with not just making friends, but keeping them.
“I help coordinate a restorative practice where friends will come to the counseling room and we'll do a circle to try and figure out how they can be friends again,” Quevedo said.
In middle school, friendships are complicated by hormones.
Blatchley counselor Jael McCarty has to manage that — both in the real world, and in the digital world where students spend so much time interacting. And she has to teach two periods a day of P.E.
“We deal with the cyber-stuff: Cyberbullying, Snapchat, all the stuff that goes on there. This is all stuff that comes up in middle school. On top of that I do all the scheduling, and the changes of schedules. I field a lot of parent phone calls, “My kid doesn't like this class, can he take this class, why not?, why is it too full?” I do the migrant ed programming, trying to figure out what our migrant ed students can benefit from and trying to figure out how to implement that into our school. I'm also a member of the district TIPS team — team initiated problem-solving. So I've got my hands in a lot of different things. On top of that I teach the last two periods of the day. At the end of the day I go check in with Ben (White) to make sure I didn't miss anything during those times that I taught so I don't need to catch up. Other than that… it's crazy! (audience laughs) I'm going to go gray by the end!”
At the high school level, counseling splits into two tracks — Ben Cordero provides academic counseling and career guidance, and Cory Schumejda tackles issues that have now taken on a more adult character, like substance abuse and intimate partner violence among others.
Sitka School District student representative Holder thanked the high school counselors for their work, saying that she'd “cried many times in their office since freshman year.”
Holder said she first recognized the importance — and the availability — of school counseling when she was having a tough time in eighth grade.
“I hadn't built up the courage to talk to my parents about seeing a therapist or someone like that. And it was crazy talking to her,” Holder said. “It's so different from talking to your parents or your friends or a different community member because it's someone who's trained to talk to you about your feelings and how to work out what you're feeling.”
The school board won't begin hammering out next year's budget until after the New Year, but president Jen McNichol warned that there were some who considered the district's counseling program to be “low-hanging fruit.”
Hence almost an entire school board meeting devoted to learning exactly how counselors spend their time.
“We want this conversation to be out in the community, so that the community values this resource that we are so fortunate to currently have,” McNichol said. “But it's not guaranteed — as is nothing guaranteed — at this point in this economic climate we face. So we need community support.”
Pacific High counselor Maggie Gallin is a professional social worker with a graduate degree from Columbia. Gallin urged the board to continue her position after federal grant funding ended next year.
Without counseling, Gallin suggested that the district would never achieve its goal of 100-percent student success.
“Because expecting a student to perform academically, or expecting the dropout rate to decline, when we're not helping students and families meet their basic needs, is going to be a dead end.”
(Adds details, background)
SEOUL, April 16 North Korea attempted to launch a missile on Sunday near Sinpo, on its east coast, but it is believed to have failed, South Korea's military said.
The attempted missile launch comes a day after the North held a military parade in its capital marking the birth anniversary of the state founder where what appeared to be new ballistic missiles were displayed.
"The North attempted to launch an unidentified missile from near the Sinpo region this morning but it is suspected to have failed," the South's Office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said in a statement.
There were no further details, and the office said it was analyzing the launch.
The North launched a ballistic missile from the same region earlier this month ahead of a summit meeting between the leaders of the United States and China, its key ally, to discuss the North's increasingly defiant arms programme.
Tension had escalated sharply in the region amid concerns that the reclusive North may soon conduct a sixth nuclear test or a ballistic missile test launch timed with the April 15 anniversary it calls the "Day of the Sun."
The White House has said U.S. President Donald Trump has put the North "on notice" while the possibility of U.S. military action against Pyongyang has gained traction following U.S. strikes against Syria on April 7.
Trump has ordered a navy strike group flagshipped by a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier to head to the region as a show of force as his officials assess tougher economic sanctions as well as military options against the North.
The North has in turn warned of a nuclear strike against the United States if provoked.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence as part of a 10-day trip to Asia arrives in South Korea on Sunday in what his aides said was a sign of the U.S. commitment to its ally in the face of rising tensions over the North's weapons programmes. (Reporting by Jack Kim and Ju-min Park; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Kate Hudson and best friend Jennifer Meyer are always there for each other on their birthdays.
The Deepwater Horizon star, 39, celebrated the jewelry designer turning 41 on Tuesday with a sweet Instagram photo showing Meyer standing in front of a cake surrounded by a group of girlfriends and her two children with ex Tobey Maguire, Ruby Sweetheart, 11, and Otis Tobias, 8.
“Birthday girl! Love you to the moon and back! 🎂❤,” Hudson wrote, along with the hashtags #AboutLastNight #AprilBaby.
Meyer also took to social media to share her birthday festivities, posting a photo of about a half dozen bouquets of flowers. “I hate flowers…. said no girl ever! I love my friends & family BEYOND! Thank you everyone for your sweet words and for making another birthday so special. This girl is grateful for all the love,” she wrote.
The friendly duo often celebrate special occasions together. Meyer was among the star-studded guests at Hudson's 38th birthday party last week, and they were also together at mutual friend Gwyneth Paltrow's engagement party earlier this month.
Meyer was previously married to Maguire, 42, and they continue to coparent as friendly exes. In March, the duo shared photos of their trip to a New York City art museum, where they playfully parodied Grant Wood's American Gothic painting in an Instagram post.
Jennifer Meyer (L) and Kate Hudson. Stefanie Keenan/Getty
Maguire and Meyer, who announced their plans to separate in Oct. 2016, also reconciled in December, when the actor came out to support his estranged wife at the launch of her new jewelry line with Jenna Dewan Tatum.
The duo haven't yet filed for divorce — but that doesn't mean they're calling off the split. “Their relationship is much better,” a source previously told PEOPLE, “but they're definitely not reconciling.”
Hudson, meanwhile, revealed that she's having a baby on April 6 via an adorable Instagram video. In it, the star screamed with joy after popping huge balloons that revealed the sex of her baby — a girl — with boyfriend Danny Fujikawa. Hudson is also mom to Bingham Hawn, 6½, and Ryder Russell, 14, from previous relationships.
This Christmas message courtesy of Dublin Port is a little bit magical.
According to those in the know in Dublin Port, due to increased seasonal demand Dublin Port Company have hired a logistical consultant with a huge international reputation.
This adorable video tells the story of Nick Claus and it may be the sweetest Christmas message we've seen this year!
Definitely one to show the kids!
Pittsburgh Steelers defensive coordinator reinforced the old football cliche that pressure and coverage must go together. He talked about the problems the Steelers' had with so much zone coverage in 2016 and how it impacted the team, in particular against the New England Patriots.
Steelers DC Keith Butler on what happens when you change coverages on Tom Brady. pic.twitter.com/iI6j0Rt8MJ — Jeremy Fowler (@JFowlerESPN) June 14, 2017
This isn't a chicken or the egg debate. While everyone is talking about what kind of coverage Pittsburgh is going to play in 2017, if the pressure on the quarterback doesn't improve, it won't matter. No matter how linked they are, pressure must come first. That's why the Steelers have spent so many top draft picks on players in the front seven to try and harass opposing quarterbacks.
Haley also talked about the importance of being able to get pressure without having to blitz. “We have to be able to develop a four-man rush and not just blitz all the time.” Working a four-man rush means using their sub packages which they played more than 70 percent of snaps in 2016. If you want to still call Pittsburgh a 3-4 team go ahead, but you don't see much of that anymore.
But rushing with four means two outside linebackers at the line in a three-point stance and the two five-technique ends have slid inside to player more like tandem three-technique tackles. If they can generate consistent pressure like this it would be fewer faux blitzes and spot zone coverage behind it.
What we did last year is we ran a lot of false-blitzes that weren't really blitzes but appeared to be blitzes and played zone behind it. This year we have to be able to play conventional coverages with conventional people playing those coverages with conventional people rushing the passer. We have to be able to do that in order to advance defensively.
This puts a ton of pressure on outside linebackers James Harrison, Bud Dupree and T.J. Watt. It also means if Pittsburgh wants guys like Cam Heyward, Stephon Tuitt and Javon Hargrave fresh when they do slide inside, players like L.T. Walton and Tyson Alualu might seem more snaps at DE in base defense.
With Wednesday's release of "The First Purge," we've seen four entires into the "Purge" series since 2013. What is it about these movies that has caused them to stick around and haunt our movie theaters, DVRs, wallets and collective imaginations?
Market Scenario:
Major giants like Texas Instruments and Toshiba Corporation are investing into isolation amplifier market due to increasing demand from various industry verticals. Toshiba Corporation has launched optical coupled isolation amplifiers which will be available in both digital and analog output types. The isolation amplifier is equipped with a delta-sigma AD converter which helps in detecting infinitesimal electric current and voltage fluctuation with high-precision. This proves to be very useful in industrial applications and is basically suited for current and voltage sensing applications.
North America region holds the largest market share of global Isolation Amplifier Market followed by Europe. The growth is North America region is mainly dominated by U.S. and Canada and is attributed to the growing urbanization in the region. Whereas Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the highest rate owing to the growing economies like China and India. China is considered to be the manufacturing hub of electronics. The region also has strong presence of manufacturing industries which is driving the growth of isolation amplifier market.
Isolation amplifier market has been segmented on the basis of type and application. The type segment is further bifurcated into analog and digital. The analog type isolation amplifiers are suited for almost all applications owing to its high durability and high reliability. Analog isolation used with a combination of digital isolation also proves to be inexpensive. This is also another factor driving the growth of isolation amplifier market.
Get Sample Report @
https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4044
Isolation amplifiers are based on optocoupler technology and was basically designed for voltage sensing and current sensing. Isolation amplifier is used to minimize the effects of a following circuit on the preceding circuit. The purpose of an isolation amplifier is not to amplify the signal but the current of same voltage is passed out as it was sent in without any leakage of current. It has major applications in the field of telecommunications owing to increasing demand for high speed data and voice clarity. Telecommunication sectors require data back up and constant data exchange and isolated amplifiers provide high data protection. Owing to this, demand from telecommunication sector is fueling the market growth of isolation amplifier market.
The global isolation amplifier market is expected to grow at approx. USD 1.7 Billion by 2023, at 10% of CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
Key Players:
Mouser Electronics (U.S.)
Analog Devices, Inc. (U.S.)
Broadcom Ltd. (Singapore)
Texas Instruments, Inc. (U.S.)
Silicon Laboratories, Inc. (U.S.)
Dewetron GmbH (Germany)
Eaton Corporation PLC (Ireland)
Wurth Elektronik (Germany)
Toshiba Corporation (Japan)
DRAGO Automation GmbH (Germany)
Segments:
Isolation amplifier market can be segmented on the basis of following:
By Type
Analog
Digital
By Application
Medical
Patient Monitoring
Biomedical Measurements
ECG
EEG
Industrial
Industrial Process Control
Current Shunt Measurement
Ground Loop Elimination
Nuclear
Telecommunications
Others
Access Full Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/isolation-amplifier-market-4044
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of isolation amplifier market is being studied for regions such as Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. It has been observed that North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the market whereas Asia Pacific is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period. The major growth in isolation amplifier market in Asia Pacific is attributed to growing economy in the Asian countries like China and India and strong presence of manufacturing industries in that region.
Intended Audience:
Technology Investors
Research/Consultancy Firms
Original equipment manufacturers (OEMs)
OEM technology solution providers
Amplifiers Manufacturers
Amplifiers Suppliers
Manufacturing Companies
Table of Contents
1 Market Introduction
1.1 Introduction
1.2 Scope of Study
1.2.1 Research Objective
1.2.2 Assumptions
1.2.3 Limitations
1.3 Market Structure
2 Research Methodology
2.1 Research Type
2.2 Primary Research
2.3 Secondary Research
2.4 Forecast Model
2.4.1 Market Data Collection, Analysis & Forecast
2.4.2 Market Size Estimation
3 Market Dynamics
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Drivers
3.3 Market Challenges
3.4 Market Opportunities
3.5 Market Restraints
Continues…
List of Tables
Table 1 Isolation Amplifier Market, By Type
Table 3 Isolation Amplifier Market, By Application
Table 4 Isolation Amplifier Market, By Regions
Table 5 North America Isolation Amplifier Market, By Type
Continues…
List of Figures
Figure 1 Research Type
Figure 2 Isolation Amplifier Market, By Type (%)
Figure 3 Isolation Amplifier Market, By Application (%)
Figure 4 Isolation Amplifier Market, By Regions (%)
Figure 5 North America Isolation Amplifier Market, By Type (%)
Continues…
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India
Phone: +91 841 198 5042
Mail: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
ACCRA - The rate of urban growth and its associated social, economic and environmental impacts bring about challenges, but also offer opportunities to do things differently.
This is according to Professor Samuel Sefa-Dedeh, vice president of sciences at the Ghana Academy of Arts and Sciences, who spoke on the opening day of the 2018 Sustainable African Cities conference taking place in Accra, Ghana, this week.
Welcoming a range of local and international delegates, Sefa-Dedeh said the opportunity to do things differently will "help reduce the negative impacts of increased populations and congestion, inadequate infrastructure, and environmental challenges in our cities".
"This conference will provide opportunities for Ghanaian and international participants to share ideas on approaches to the sustainability of cities, define roles for science adademies and identify strategies that will accelerate the achievement of sustainability."
Around 60 experts from all over Africa, and elsewhere around the world, are in Accra to look at issues such as Just and Inclusive Cities, Integrated Urban Development Approaches, Rental Housing in Urban Africa, Modelling Future Cities, Urban Water and Wastewater Management, and Informal Markets and the City.
The conference is being jointly hosted by the Ghana Accademy of Sciences and the German National Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, in conjunction with the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research. The conference is also supported by the Network of African Science Academies (Nasac) and the Academy of Science of South Africa (Assaf).
- African News Agency (ANA)
WITH all eyes on Origin I, it's easy to forget there's still four NRL games on this weekend.
Courier-Mail chief league writer Peter Badel and Fox presenter Yvonne Sampson led the way for our tipsters last week, each picking seven games correctly
RadioTAB's Peter Psaltis maintained the top position on our leaderboard, ahead of Sampson, The Courier-Mail's Rikki-Lee Arnold and Channel 9's Sam Squiers.
Scroll through to see who they are tipping in Round this week and leave your own tips in the comments section below.
PETER PSALTIS — 56
RadioTAB
Cowboys
Sharks
Eels
Tigers
Last week 6
YVONNE SAMPSON — 55
Fox League
Sea Eagles
Sharks
Eels
Roosters
Last week 7
Camera Icon Johnathan Thurston will try to lead the Cowboys to a win against a depleted Sea Eagles side. Picture: AAP, AAP Image/Michael Chambers
RIKKI-LEE ARNOLD — 54
The Courier-Mail
Sea Eagles
Rabbitohs
Knights
Tigers
Last week 6
SAM SQUIERS — 54
Channel 9
Cowboys
Rabbitohs
Knights
Roosters
Last week 5
CHRIS GARRY — 54
Channel 7
Sea Eagles
Sharks
Knights
Tigers
Last week 5
LARA PITT — 53
Fox league
Cowboys
Sharks
Eels
Tigers
Last week 6
ROBERT CRADDOCK — 53
The Courier-Mail
Sea Eagles
Sharks
Eels
Tigers
Last week 6
PETER BADEL — 51
The Courier-Mail
Sea Eagles
Rabbitohs
Eels
Roosters
Last week 7
Camera Icon The Sharks are near-full strength for their clash against the Rabbitohs. Picture: AAP, AAP Image/Darren Pateman
DARREN LOCKYER — 51
League legend
Cowboys
Sharks
Eels
Roosters
Last week 5
LUKE TURGEON — 51
The Courier-Mail
Cowboys
Rabbitohs
Knights
Roosters
Last week 4
MIKE COLMAN — 50
The Courier-Mail
Cowboys
Sharks
Knights
Tigers
Last week 6
TRAVIS MEYN — 48
The Courier-Mail
Sea Eagles
Sharks
Eels
Tigers
Last week 6
DARRYL BROHMAN — 48
Ladbrokes
Cowboys
Sharks
Eels
Roosters
Last week 6
WALLY LEWIS — 46
Channel 9
Sea Eagles
Sharks
Eels
Roosters
Last week 6
Camera Icon More used to Origin at this time of year, Cooper Cronk will lead a depleted Roosters team. Picture: Getty Images, Tony Feder/Getty Images
PAUL MALONE — 44
The Courier-Mail
Sea Eagles
Sharks
Eels
Roosters
Last week 5
GORDEN TALLIS — 42
League legend
Sea Eagles
Sharks
Eels
Tigers
Last week 6
Looking at preventative measures one year after the last active shooter drill
The last active shooter drill at Saint Joseph's University was held in January 2016 in an effort to see how the procedure could be improved if an incident occured.
However, those who are new to Hawk Hill this year has not gone through the steps of what needs to be done if an active shooter comes onto campus.
“We concentrated on all the classrooms and we sent out an emergency notification announcing that we have an active shooter drill and please lock the classroom doors,” said Michael Boykin assistant director of administration.
Boykin explained how they had Public Safety officers go around the buildings to make sure all classrooms were following the correct procedure.
“They [the officers] recorded information as to whether or not the doors were locked, whether or not the information was received, and timeliness of the receiving of that information,” Boykin said.
Public safety found many issues with the classrooms and the drill itself. Public Safety had to address the locking of doors in classrooms, according to Boykin.
Ruben Mendoza, Ph.D., assistant professor of decision and system services, said it was necessary to know how to lock the doors in response to emergencies.
“Unfortunately, the climate is such that every now and then I get into a classroom and I think about what would I do if the situation arose, what would I do in this classroom,” Mendoza said.
Public Safety also found a delay to the phone calls to classrooms and how people could feel safe even if they are not in the well-protected classroom.
“There was a delay when some classrooms received the message because it is an audible call to the classrooms,” Boykin said.
When the text messages were sent out to parents, they were unsure as to what school the emergency notification was sent from.
“For parents and for other folks who receive the notifications, we needed to make sure whenever an emergency text message is sent out, it specifically has SJU or Saint Joseph's University attached to it so that people who see it know that it is from Saint Joseph's University,” Boykin said.
“We increased the number of telephone lines to make the phone calls to the classrooms quicker,” Boykin said. “Public safety made ourselves available to anyone to go out and do safety evaluations of the location and we already do a monthly check and test of our emergency notifications.”
Nate Fioravante, '20, thinks it is an important thing to educate everyone on campus about what to do if an incident occurs, just like the importance of educating kids about the dangers of smoking and alcohol consumption.
“I feel pretty scared, honestly, because if someone actually came and attempted to shoot people on campus, I think everyone would be kind of lost and in a frenzy,” Fioravante said. “I guess it would be good to educate us at orientation or even when we first move in, just to teach us in case an event like that occurs so I would feel a little safer.”
The university hasn't had a drill in 2017 because it takes a lot of resources to conduct a drill on such a big scale, but there was a “tabletop exercise,” a meeting held to discuss how effective the drill procedure is now.
“This year we concentrated on having a tabletop, which was conducted in January for the entire university, where we go through and test the entire emergency plan trying to identify gaps and stuff just like we did last year,” Boykin said.
Public Safety is thinking of new ways to improve the active shooter drill and make sure all students, faculty, and staff are safe.
“We do not have the resources to do the full blown drill throughout the university. Instead we may do a drill for each academic building,” Boykin said. “It's not that we aren't looking at the lockdown piece or the active shooter piece, it's just that we are looking at other portions of our emergency preparedness.”
Boykin said that he doesn't know when the next drill will be, but they are always thinking of new ways to improve the drill that is already in place.
“I cannot actively tell when we will have another drill. There is a lot that goes into it and I do not know if we can get one in by the end of the spring semester,” Boykin said.
Instead of being concerned about the fact that St. Joe's hasn't had a drill this year, Mendoza chooses to focus on the fact that the university decided to have a drill.
“I have been here for 13 years and we have only had it once, so I think rather than think about not having one, I like the fact that we did,” Mendoza said.
Students can log onto The Nest under “School Services” if they are curious or concerned as to what they should do if an incident on campus occurs.
Cape Town - At least two Nu Metro cinemas have cancelled the release of the movie Inxeba: The Wound for "security reasons" at Canal Walk in Cape Town and Walker Park in Port Elizabeth.
Mark Whitnall, cinema manager at Walker Park, said he had numerous engagement with the EFF and traditional leaders in Port Elizabeth before eventually coming to the decision to stop the release of the movie at the cinema due to "security reasons".
Whitnall said there was also a protest from members of the community "who claimed to be from the EFF".
"We've been receiving threats from the community since last year," he said.
Whitnall said even though the movie had already been showcased in 35 different viewing since its international release last year, it was still divisive. "Our priority is the customers' and staff members' safety and security at this point."
He admitted that the decision was in breach of contract with the distributors and that their legal team was on top of the issue.
An innovative farm safety video created by a group of agricultural science students in Co Roscommon has attracted nearly 5,000 views since it was released on youtube.
The video is the work of students at CBS Roscommon which developed as a result of a project on farm safety.
During their study the students realised that there was very little education on farm safety in school and so they decided to create a video project to help educate young people about the risks and what they can do to stay safe on family farms.
The video has two main elements - the first of which focuses on a series of stories detailing the experience of victims of farm accidents and the impact on themselves and, in the story of one fatality, their family.
The hugely personal stories aim to bring home the importance of farm safety, giving
The first story recounts the experience of 15-year-old CBS Roscommon student, James, who suffered a broken knee while handling sheep last Summer. The second story details how Stephen, suffered serious injuries when he broke his neck in a farm accident aged just 18.
The final story in this segment is an interview with Matt English, whose son, Donal, died in a farm accident in Carlow, an incident which has changed the lives of his family and his local community, forever.
The second element of the video details a walk around a farm by Ella McSweeney and James Maloney. They highlight the hazards they encounter and give advice on how best to avoid them.
As an added bonus for the pupils behind the short film, acclaimed Irish rugby player, Sean O'Brien, agreed to do the introduction and conclusion of the video and he also provided three farm safety tips and spoke about his near miss on the family farm as a result of slurry gases.
"We hope to create as much awareness as possible about the video to maximise the number of people who will view it, if it helped saved one limb or one life we feel it would have been a success," notes their agricultural science teacher, Louise Gallagher.
PARIS — The price of wine is going up.
Global wine production slumped to its lowest level in 60 years in 2017, according to data from the International Organisation of Vine and Wine.
The most recent harvest produced 25 billion liters of wine, a decrease from 26.7 billion in 2016 and 27.6 billion in 2015. The decline was driven by weak harvests in key markets including Europe and South Africa.
The shortage has caused the wholesale price of basic wine in Italy to skyrocket 74% over the previous year, according to the European Commission. Prices are up 45% in Spain and over 10% in France.
Analysts said that producers, dealers and retailers will absorb some of the price hikes, but consumers will end up paying more — especially for cheaper bottles.
“The wine companies that are targeting very low prices … will be hit the worst, because their margins are very low,” said Stephen Rannekleiv, a global beverages strategist at Rabobank. “When prices go up, it puts a lot of strain on them.”
Reduced supply will also hurt quality.
“There will be, in some cases, lower quality wines getting blended into slightly higher value products, so everyone kind of goes down a tier in quality,” said Rannekleiv.
Producers were the hardest hit in Europe, where heavy hailstorms and harsh frosts damaged vineyards in early 2017 before a summer drought took its toll. The continent accounts for 65% of global wine production, and 57% of consumption.
European production dropped 15% in 2017. Production fell 21% in Italy, 18% in France and 15% in Spain, according to the Commission.
Other regions had problems, too.
Wildfires destroyed or tainted some of the harvest in California, and drought harmed vineyards in South Africa. Warm weather can cause grapes to ripen early and be smaller in size.
Rannekleiv said the result was a global harvest that was even worse than analysts had feared.
The pain could spread to other industries.
Rannekleiv said the slump in production means there will be less wine to divert for use in other products. Brandy and vinegar makers could be hurt, for example.
CLOSE What we know so far about the stadium and sports complex in East Naples. Vonna Keomanyvong/Naples Daily News
Broward County Ja'Den McBurrows runs the ball against Illinois during the 8th grade quarterfinal game of the Football University (FBU) National Championships at Naples High School on Saturday, Dec. 17, 2016. Broward County won with a final score of 51-0. (Photo: Dorothy Edwards/Naples Daily New)
Collier County commissioners are set to sign a deal Tuesday to buy the land to build a sports complex for $12 million.
Commissioners unanimously raised the county's bed tax this summer from 4 percent to 5 percent to pay for the complex, which will cost tens of millions of dollars in addition to the land.
The proposed deal with City Gate LLC, led by developer Ron Rice, would give the county 61 acres in between the county's landfill and Collier Boulevard immediately north of Interstate 75. The county already owns 305 acres adjacent to the site.
Editorial: Tuesday is one of most notable decision-making days of 2017
More: Collier County to push forward plans for sports complex east of Naples
More: Collier County says no to Braves, again
The price for the land was negotiated before commissioners raised the bed tax. Once it officially becomes the county's land, commissioners will have to draw up plans for the complex and decide how many fields and what kind of stadium they can fit on the site.
Detailed concept plans, which are on track to be finalized by fall 2018, could greatly affect the final price tag of the project.
Tentative plans include a small 3,000-seat covered stadium with at least eight outdoor artificial turf fields for football, lacrosse and soccer, as well as eight baseball/softball diamonds.
Buy Photo Barron Collier and Gulf Coast boy's lacrosse faceoff during the first half of a first-round play-in game at Barron Collier High School Thursday, April 13, 2017 in Naples. Barron Collier led 5-4 at the half. (Photo: Luke Franke/Naples Daily News)
The rectangular outdoor fields would likely get built first, while a field for championship games that would include bleachers might be added in a second phase.
"Now we're moving into permitting and environmental and design phases," Commissioner Bill McDaniel said. "We will go through very public process for the design of the complex."
The county estimates the total cost of the project, including the land purchase, to fall somewhere between $45 million and $60 million.
The county will look for ways to make money from the venue through naming rights, sponsorships and advertisements. It's also reviewing management options with plans to form a private-public partnership with an operator or event organizer.
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/news/local/2017/12/11/collier-county-sign-12-m-deal-sports-complex-land/940251001/
Portland, Ore., June 15, 2017 - An initiative led by the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) reduced Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections by 89 percent over four years in a Veterans community living center (CLC) in North Carolina, according to research presented at the 44th Annual Conference of the Association for Professionals in Infection Control and Epidemiology (APIC).
Active surveillance and decolonization with strict control of the environment contributed to the significant reduction. At an estimated cost of $28,000 to treat each MRSA infection, researchers projected this initiative saved roughly $2.2 million by preventing an otherwise expected 64 infections over the study period of 2013-2016.
"This research shows the positive impact that targeted infection prevention interventions can have on patient safety and healthcare costs," said Linda Greene, RN, MPS, CIC, FAPIC, 2017 APIC president. "It is important that infection preventionists have the latitude and resources to design programs to address the infection risk at their facilities."
The aggressive intervention was put in place because an earlier attempt in 2007 to stop the spread of MRSA proved unsuccessful. The earlier effort relied on contact precautions - isolating colonized residents, using dedicated equipment, and requiring healthcare workers to don gowns before entering rooms. These stipulations applied to the majority of rooms in the CLCs, often leading to inefficiencies in the system and high rates of noncompliance due to the time required to don and doff personal protective equipment. The measures also proved too restrictive for residents because this was their permanent home. MRSA prevalence rose to an alarming 70 percent by 2012, leading researchers to consider additional actions outside of contact precautions to address the amount of MRSA present in the CLC environment.
Beginning in 2012, at the VHA's 120-bed CLC in Salisbury, NC, staff moved quickly to test all MRSA-negative residents and then decolonize all known positives, plus everyone who tested positive at that time for five consecutive days. Decolonization consisted of daily chlorhexidine bathing and use of intra-nasal mupirocin. In addition, environmental services performed daily terminal cleaning of each resident room, bathroom, and all common areas including utilization of Ultra Violet C (UVC) light to help achieve control of the environment. The MRSA prevalence rates decreased from 45 percent of residents in the first quarter of 2013 to 16 percent in the fourth quarter of 2013.
"The cornerstone of this program was strict environmental control, decontamination, and cleaning," said lead study author Lanette Hughes, RN, BSN, infection preventionist at the Salisbury VA Community Living Center. "In addition to the substantial monetary savings from using less personal protective equipment, this initiative also fostered a better environment for residents and staff, improving the overall workflow of the living centers."
The Salisbury VA CLC is designed as a community, with communal areas, a downtown center, movie theaters, and even a town hall with a mayor. Prior to the start of this initiative, researchers presented their case to the town council comprised of Veterans living in the community to obtain approval. A long period of adjustment was necessary for both residents and staff, but eventually the program achieved full buy-in as support grew with the program's success.
The initial decolonization was followed by a "search and destroy" program. With the new procedures in place, any Veteran admitted who is already colonized with MRSA undergoes full decolonization immediately. All CLC residents are screened quarterly, and those who test positive for MRSA are decolonized for five consecutive days.
Researchers noted that MRSA decolonization efforts play out very differently in acute care, as patients only stay for a short period and are confined to their rooms. By contrast, in CLCs patients are admitted for long periods, and many live there permanently. Residents are encouraged to leave their rooms, treating the centers as they would their own homes. In addition to the fact that environmental contamination of MRSA is very high, patient-to-patient transmission poses a major challenge in CLCs.
###
About APIC
APIC 2017 Annual Conference, June 14-16 in Portland, Oregon, is the most comprehensive infection prevention conference in the world, with more than 90 educational sessions and workshops led by experts from across the globe and attended by nearly 5,000 professionals. The conference aims to provide infection preventionists, physicians, researchers, epidemiologists, educators, administrators, and medical technologists with the latest science, technologies, and best practices for creating a safer world through prevention of infection.. Join the conversation online with the hashtag #APIC2017.
Froome getting off the Team Sky bus in Saint-Mars-la-Reorthe yesterday.
Froome getting off the Team Sky bus in Saint-Mars-la-Reorthe yesterday.
THE HEAD OF world cycling, David Lappartient, urged the public to ensure British rider Chris Froome has a “safe” Tour de France.
The world's biggest cycling race starts on Saturday, just days after four-time champion Froome was cleared of doping suspicions by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), headed by Lappartient.
In a post on his Twitter account, Lappartient said the UCI's decision should be respected, as should “all riders, including Chris Froome”.
“He has the right to operate in a safe environment. I have heard calls, sometimes completely irrational, to violence on the Tour de France.
“I cannot accept that and I call on all spectators to protect all the athletes and to respect the judicial decision so that Chris Froome can compete in a safe and serene environment like all other athletes.”
Kenyan-born Froome, 33, was under investigation after delivering an abnormal test sample during the Tour of Spain last year.
He recorded an adverse analytical finding (AAF) for Salbutamol, an asthma medication, meaning he exceeded the allowed dose of a permitted substance.
“I feel the need to say to cycling lovers, to lovers of the Tour de France, that the decision that was taken (to drop the case against Froome) was taken on the basis of reports from experts which led the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) to consider that no violation of anti-doping rules had taken place.
“And from this point on, that decision must be respected,” Lappartient added.
Opposition to Froome had been building in France ahead of the Tour, with five-time Tour winner Bernard Hinault labelling him a cheat and organisers barring him from riding before relenting earlier this week and lifting the ban.
Froome is out to emulate five-time winners Hinault, Jacques Anquetil, Eddy Merckx and Miguel Indurain when he competes for a fifth win in the three-week Tour.
A win would also make Froome the second racer after Merckx to win four straight Tours.
© – AFP, 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
VOL. 41 | NO. 32 | Friday, August 11, 2017
Average US gas prices jump 8 cents thanks to crude costs Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
CAMARILLO, Calif. (AP) — The average price of a gallon of regular-grade gasoline jumped 8 cents nationally over the past three weeks, to $2.40.
Industry analyst Trilby Lundberg of the Lundberg Survey said Sunday that the spike results from higher crude oil prices.
The current price is 23 cents above where it was a year ago, but well below where it was in mid-August of 2015, 2014, and 2013.
Gas in San Francisco was the most expensive in the contiguous United States at an average of $3.02 a gallon. The cheapest was in Jackson, Mississippi, at $2.08 a gallon.
The U.S. average diesel price is $2.57, up 6 cents over the past three weeks.
Emissions from fireworks set off on Wednesday, July 4 may contribute to unhealthy air quality in parts of Southern California this week, according to the South Coast Air Quality Management District.
The SCAQMD advisory, in effect from Wednesday through Thursday, says smoke and combustion byproducts from the fireworks are expected to add to the particulates already present in the region from vehicle emissions. That region includes Los Angeles, Orange, San Bernardino and Riverside counties, as well as Coachella Valley.
It's possible that, for inland areas, ozone levels may reach the Unhealthy for Sensitive Groups category. While the general public might not be affected, athletes, young children and teenagers, the elderly and those with asthma, lung disease or heart ailments may be at risk.
People sensitive to air pollution should limit outdoor exercise and avoid heavy exertion, according to SCAQMD.
The categories, known as the Air Quality Index, are good, moderate, unhealthy for sensitive groups, unhealthy, very unhealthy and hazardous.
Patrick Chandler from SCAQMD said the air pollution agency regularly issues air quality advisories ahead of Independence Day fireworks celebrations.
However, he said, a heat wave arriving Thursday may trigger another advisory, depending on weather conditions.
Weekend heat wave
Some areas of Southern California are expected to see triple-digit temperatures Thursday and Friday, according to weather forecasts. The National Weather Service will issue an excessive heat watch Friday through Sunday.
Heat waves also contribute to worsening air quality. High temperatures and sunlight help cook the chemicals from vehicle emissions into ozone.
Ozone, the main component of smog, aggravates respiratory conditions.
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, Va. — The Park at Ridgedale Independent Living, a Chesterfield senior community, and its management company have agreed to pay $37,500 to a woman who was sexual harassed by a neighbor, according to Housing Opportunities Made Equal of Virginia, Inc. (HOME).
The settlement was reached after HOME investigated the woman's claims that TRG Management Company did not do enough to protect her, and other women, from sexual harassment and filed a formal complaint with the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).
The woman, whose name was not released, asked HOME to investigate her situation in September 2015.
“She alleged the neighbor made numerous advances against her, making sexually suggestive comments, cat calling her, and making physical approaches towards her in the common areas. She reported these incidents to both TRG Management staff and the Chesterfield County Police Department,” a HOME spokesperson said. “HOME alleges that TRG Management never took corrective action with the offending tenant, and even refused to renew her lease due to her complaints.”
CBS 6 has reached out to The Park at Ridgedale Independent Living for a comment about the situation. This story will be updated once those calls are returned.
In addition to the financial settlement, TRG Management Company “agreed to adopt a sexual harassment policy and develop procedures for responding to tenant complaints of sexual harassment,” a HOME spokesperson said.
As a result of the settlement, TRG Management also agreed to “provide fair housing training to all employees who have direct contact with tenants, and to hold a community meeting at Park at Ridgedale to discuss fair housing and sexual harassment policies with residents.”
“Your home should be your safe place,” Heather Crislip, president and CEO of HOME, said. “It is impossible to feel secure in your housing when facing sexual harassment, or any kind of harassment or discrimination, in the place you live.”
HOME asked anyone who believes they were being sexually harassed by a neighbor, maintenance worker, or landlord.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DESOTO — From current events to the latest gossip, when it comes to the barbershop, virtually no topic is off limits. And that's certainly the case at the All-Star Barber Shop in Desoto. This week, they're talking terrorism, shootings, and more. Is enough being done to prevent those kinds of tragic situations? And more importantly, are we safe?
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
National Security Advisor Michael Flynn has resigned, the White House announced in a statement late Monday.
President Donald Trump has named Retired Army Lt. Gen. Joseph Keith Kellogg, Jr. as acting national security advisor.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The move comes after Flynn was unable to shake growing calls for his resignation, following reports that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence on discussions he had with a Russian official before Trump took office.
Flynn had originally told Pence that he did not discuss the issue of sanctions with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in a series of phone calls the month before President Trump was sworn in.
Pence then told CBS in January that Flynn had never spoken about the sanctions during his calls to Russia.
However, after anonymous U.S. officials leaked a transcript of a call between Flynn and Kislyak showing that the topic was discussed, Flynn said the topic may have come up, but he had forgotten.
In his letter of resignation, Flynn said his omission was not intentional and was due to the “fast pace of events.”
“In the course of my duties as the incoming National Security Advisor, I held numerous phone calls with foreign counterparts, ministers, and ambassadors. These calls were to facilitate a smooth transition and begin to build the necessary relationships between the President, his advisors and foreign leaders. Such calls are standard practice in any transition of this magnitude,” he said.
“Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology,” he said.
Flynn also defended himself over allegations that he had purposely misled the vice president.
“Throughout my over thirty three years of honorable military service, and my tenure as the National Security Advisor, I have always performed my duties with the utmost of integrity and honesty to those I have served, to include the President of the United States,” he said.
He also said he was honored to have served the nation and the American people.
“I am also extremely honored to have served President Trump, who in just three weeks, has reoriented American foreign policy in fundamental ways to restore America's leadership position in the world,” he said.
Flynn also thanked Trump for his “personal loyalty, the friendship of those who I worked with throughout the hard fought campaign, the challenging period of transition, and during the early days of his presidency.”
“I know with the strong leadership of President Donald J. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence and the superb team they are assembling, this team will go down in history as one of the greatest presidencies in U.S. history, and I firmly believe the American people will be well served as they all work together to help Make America Great Again,” he said.
Kellogg is a decorated 36-year Army veteran and served two tours in the Vietnam War, where he earned the Silver Star, the Bronze Star with “V” device, and the Air Medal with “V” device, according to the White House's statement.
Kellogg also served as the Commander of the 82nd Airborne Division from 1997 to 1998. His last assignment was as Director of the Command, Control, Communications, and Computers Directorate under the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Full White House Statement:
THE White House
Office of the Press Secretary
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
February 13, 2017
President Donald J. Trump Names Lt. General Joseph Keith Kellogg, Jr. as Acting National Security Advisor
Accepts Resignation of Lt. General Michael Flynn
President Donald J. Trump has named Lt. General Joseph Keith Kellogg, Jr. (Ret) as Acting National Security Advisor following the resignation of Lt. General Michael Flynn (Ret). General Kellogg is a decorated veteran of the United States Army, having served from 1967 to 2003, including two tours during the Vietnam War, where he earned the Silver Star, the Bronze Star with “V” device, and the Air Medal with “V” device. He served as the Commander of the 82nd Airborne Division from 1997 to 1998. Prior to his retirement, General Kellogg was Director of the Command, Control, Communications, and Computers Directorate under the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
The full text of General Flynn's resignation letter is below:
February 13, 2017
In the course of my duties as the incoming National Security Advisor, I held numerous phone calls with foreign counterparts, ministers, and ambassadors. These calls were to facilitate a smooth transition and begin to build the necessary relationships between the President, his advisors and foreign leaders. Such calls are standard practice in any transition of this magnitude.
Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology.
Throughout my over thirty three years of honorable military service, and my tenure as the National Security Advisor, I have always performed my duties with the utmost of integrity and honesty to those I have served, to include the President of the United States.
I am tendering my resignation, honored to have served our nation and the American people in such a distinguished way.
I am also extremely honored to have served President Trump, who in just three weeks, has reoriented American foreign policy in fundamental ways to restore America's leadership position in the world.
As I step away once again from serving my nation in this current capacity, I wish to thank President Trump for his personal loyalty, the friendship of those who I worked with throughout the hard fought campaign, the challenging period of transition, and during the early days of his presidency.
I know with the strong leadership of President Donald J. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence and the superb team they are assembling, this team will go down in history as one of the greatest presidencies in U.S. history, and I firmly believe the American people will be well served as they all work together to help Make America Great Again.
Michael T. Flynn, LTG (Ret)
Assistant to the President / National Security Advisor
###
Members of the Twittersphere are working to identify marchers who took part in the weekend's deadly white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
A woman died and several more people were left injured on Saturday when a pre-planned “Unite the Right” rally erupted into violence, with white supremacist protesters clashing with counter-protesters on the University of Virginia campus.
Now social media users are attempting to name (and shame) the white nationalists who participated in the headline-making demonstration.
“If you recognize any of the Nazis marching in #Charlottesville, send me their names/profiles and I'll make them famous #GoodNightAltRight,” a Twitter user behind the page “Yes, You're Racist” wrote on Saturday alongside a group of photos showing the marchers.
If you recognize any of the Nazis marching in #Charlottesville, send me their names/profiles and I'll make them famous #GoodNightAltRight pic.twitter.com/2tA9xliFVU — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 12, 2017
The post has amassed more than 62,000 retweets and soon the user began sharing the names, Facebook accounts and even Twitter handles of several torch-toting marchers.
The car attack on counter-protestors has sparked outrage and consumed headlines in recent days. In the wake of the incident, Donald Trump spoke out against the violence but did not explicitly lay blame on the white supremacists, instead insisting that “bigotry and hatred” was coming from “many sides.”
“We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence — on many sides, on many sides,” Trump said. “It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump. Not Barack Obama. It's been going on for a very long time.”
The response has sparked backlash, as critics (and even some Trump supporters) have said the president didn't go far enough to condemn white nationalists.
Meanwhile, the man accused of ramming his car into the crowd of counter-protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer, is being held on charges of second-degree murder, malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death.
Charlottesville Victim Identified as 32-Year-Old Woman Who Stood Up Against ‘Hate & Bigotry'
Those who knew 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. said the accused killer expressed white-supremacy ideologies.
According to The Washington Post, history teacher Derek Weimer recalled that Fields wrote a paper about the Nazi military during World War II for a class called America's Modern Wars. The teacher said the project was well-written and researched but appeared to be a “big lovefest for the German military and the Waffen-SS.”
“It was obvious that he had this fascination with Nazism and a big idolatry of Adolf Hitler,” Weimer told the newspaper. “He had white supremacist views. He really believed in that stuff.”
March 31 Photon Control Inc:
* Photon Control announces appointments to its board of directors and management team and cancellation of requisitioned shareholder meeting
* Appointed Scott Edmonds, president and CEO, and director Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sunday saw the departure of some of CúChulainn Archers the finest members to literally the other side of the world in order to compete in the Worlds Masters Games in Auckland, New Zealand.
The Worlds Master Games were set up in 1995 to provide international multi-sports events for mature sports men and women, the 3 archers travelling will be away for 3 weeks, so more of them and their progress next week.
While the Cat was away, the rest of the club gathered like mice around the chocolate during a fun Easter egg shoot (have-a-go event) down at Butterleys Sports bar, Irish Street, Ardee on Monday. The small "field" shoot started normal enough for the new club members, to acclimitise to shooting outdoors in the elements. Split into small groups, the archers shot their 3 arrows at various distances until they'd each visited each target once.
For round 2, the fun began, suddenly obstacles obstructed view, archers had to kneel down for some targets or stand on platforms to shoot down at others, still everyone enjoyed this element. Round 3, 3 arrows to burst one balloon containing a bag of chocolate treats. Chocolate medals were finally awarded on the most ridiculous reasons imaginable from best hat, to the best spectator, to the best driver. The day finished up with a treat of pizza and chips, and although the fun was declared officially over, everyone stayed on to practice more arrows.
James Moloney missed the fun day and instead headed to Scotland for a 3D shoot, he reported back "Over in Scotland at the Border Archery 3D Easter shoot. Scored 820 yesterday and 805 today for a total of 1,625. The winning total for barebow was 1,735.
"Not sure where I finished up in end, I was fourth after the first days shooting, I'll find out where I placed overall when all the scores are posted online. 100 3D targets a day, an archery marathon but brilliant fun. Onwards and upwards"
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. (AP) – West Virginia University and the state Department of Health and Human Resources have provided park rangers at New River Gorge National River with overdose rescue kits.
The university says in the last decade, there have been five overdoses at the park, none of them fatal. More than a million people visit annually.
Chief Ranger Duane Michael says the park has to be prepared to respond to all types of emergencies.
The university and the health department supplied the park staff with 25 opioid overdose rescue kits.
River ranger and park emergency medical coordinator Kathy Zerkle participated in training and is now permitted to train other rangers at the park on how to administer naloxone, a drug that reverses the effects of opioid overdose.
Related
Comments
comments
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Multiple chances were missed to save a 3-year-old Wichita boy before he was found encased in concrete, a former Kansas welfare official said.
Dianne Keech, the Department of Children and Families deputy director from 2013 to 2015, said the "point of no return" was when the agency failed to call 911 last April after receiving a report that Evan Brewer had hit his head while taking a bath and "had no pulse" before being revived, The Wichita Eagle reported.
The person making the report said Evan and his mother, Miranda Miller, were domestic violence victims and that someone would "take life from them" before "bringing them back." His mother's live-in boyfriend, Stephen Bodine, allegedly bragged about choking Evan and his mother and strangling the boy until he became unconscious, according to records that Keech reviewed after they were released earlier this month.
Keech said that instead of calling 911 and flagging the report to administrators as a "critical incident," it was placed on hold for six days. The case was closed April 28, records show. Evan's body was found in September, and Miller and Bodine are charged with murder.
"If they don't do the right thing there," Keech said, "It seals his doom. They never recovered from that point on."
Evan is the paternal grandson of former Wichita Mayor Carl Brewer, a Democratic candidate for governor this year. Evan had been the subject of a custody battle for months between his mother and father, Carlo Brewer, who had contacted state officials and local police over the welfare of his son. Too often, DCF took the word of the 3-year-old's mother that he was OK, said Keech, who served on the state Child Death Review Board during part of her DCF tenure and now works as a child-protection consultant.
Keech counted six separate reports of abuse that the agency received from July 21, 2016, to May 14, 2017, before Evan's death. Her analysis shows the agency failed to adequately address all safety and risk concerns with five of the six reports. She also found that DCF failed to collect all relevant information in at least four of the six reports.
"This is not Monday-morning quarterbacking," Keech said. "This is how cases should be handled in the moment. I am reviewing this case based on investigative procedures that used to be standard for the agency."
Shayla Johnston, a Brewer family spokeswoman and attorney, agrees with Keech that DCF failed. With anyone who looks at Evan's case, Johnston said, "you can agree that bureaucracy killed Evan."
DCF spokeswoman Theresa Freed said the agency could not comment on the case.
"Given the Brewer family's stated desire to pursue litigation against the Kansas Department for Children and Families, we are not in a position to address each point alleged," she said in an email.
Police say Lizana fled on foot after the shooting. He is wanted at large. (Photo source: Gulfport PD)
Saturday at approximately 12:30 a.m. police officers responded to a shooting on the 2000 block of 33rd Avenue.
Gulfport Crime Scene and Investigative units responded to the scene.
Officers say when they arrived, they found a 32-year-old female, whose identity has not been released, in a front yard with a gunshot wound to her neck. The victim was transported to an area hospital then flown to a New Orleans hospital for further treatment. Police say she's currently in serious condition.
After investigating, officers determined Ernie Lizana shot towards two females, striking the victim. Lizana had a prior dating relationship with one of the women.
Police say Lizana fled on foot after the shooting. He is wanted at large.
Gulfport Detectives obtained warrants charging Lizana with one count of Aggravated Assault and one count of Aggravated Domestic Assault. Police are looking for him.
Gulfport Police warn anyone to not approach Lizana because he may be armed.
Police describe him as a white male, 49 years old, 5'11 in height, 190 pounds, brown hair, brown eyes, and some short facial hair.
If anyone has information regarding this incident or the location of Ernie Lizana contact the Gulfport Police Department at 228-868-5959.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Are sharks attracted to a fast heartbeat? A trio of divers aims to find out in Mission Predator.
Alabama Braces for Tuesday's Senate Election
On this episode of Fault Lines, hosts Garland Nixon and Lee Stranahan focus in on the high profile Senate Election between Roy Moore and Doug Jones in Alabama. They also discuss Al Franken's resignation as Congress hopes to pass tax reform before the end of the month.
Scheduled Guests: (Show 7-10 AM ET)
Dustin Stockton — Former Chief Strategist for Kelli Ward's Senate Campaign | Topic: Alabama Senate Race
Darlene Brown — CEO DivineEmpowerment.org | Topic: Monday Motivation
Andrea Miller — executive director of People Demanding Action, former candidate for Congress | Topic: Alabama election
Holly "Hood" Harris | Topic: Libertarian perspective on Alabama Senate special election
Paul Kavika Martin — Peace Action Senior Director for Policy and Political Affairs on human rights day and Nobel peace prize by ICAN
John Sharp — Journalist with the Alabama Media Group | (Topic: Alabama Senate Race)
The Alabama Senate Race was supposed to be a formality and automatic win for the Republicans. However, Roy Moore's past has made the outcome of the race unpredictable now a day out from the election. A series of guests will discuss the race and the political fallout that will come with either result.
Garland and Lee also take a look at tension in the Middle East following President Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. As expected, the move was met with strong reactions, both positive and negative, from around the world.
Additionally, Fault Lines will talk about Congress and what they can expect to accomplish in the final weeks of 2017. With Capitol Hill reeling from Al Franken's resignation and talk over sexual misconduct dominating the day, does tax reform have any hope of passing, or will another major reform bill die before reaching the President's desk?
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
Scientists in supramolecular chemistry often run into surprising outcomes. A broken seal of a lab cuvette led an American researcher at the Eindhoven University of Technology to the origin of these inexplicable results: the weather. Or the humidity, to be more precise, because this determines the water concentration in oils used as solvents, which was previously thought to be negligible. Research now shows that the lone water molecules in oil aren't just spectators, they firmly direct supramolecular processes. This outcome means that a lot of previous research has to be re-examined, but also that chemists get a new, cheap and powerful tool. The results are published in Nature.
In September 2016 postdoctoral researcher Nathan van Zee spent a week with his parents in Florida. But his thoughts often led him back to his lab in The Netherlands because he had been struggling for quite some time with erratic outcomes he didn't understand. The molecular helices that he was synthesizing sometimes had a clockwise structure and sometimes an anti-clockwise structure. This is an important difference--for instance, it can make the difference between a drug that works and a drug that doesn't. Van Zee had already tried all sorts of things, but was not getting any closer to answers.
After his flight back from the US he immediately went to his laboratory to start a new experiment, after which he wanted to take a nap. But his jetlag caused him to use the wrong settings for the instrument, and he overslept. His eureka moment, which would eventually lead to a Nature publication, came the next day. Back in the lab he saw strange results. But he also saw that the seal of his lab cuvette was broken, and the ultradry air of the enclosing sample holder had gotten into it. This gave him an important clue: his sample had become drier, suggesting the water content of the solvent oil is a driving force.
Van Zee and his supervisor professor Bert Meijer immediately knew they were on to something important, and they decided to get to the bottom of it. They discovered that it was indeed the water concentration in the sample that made the difference, even though it was only a few ppm (parts per million). Even with extremely small fluctuations in water concentration, they observed that the helix rotation changes from clockwise to anti-clockwise.
This result caused the researchers to have a closer look at some of their previous work that had inexplicable results. It turned out that also in these tests the water concentration determined the outcome. The previously inexplicable changes in the results were caused by fluctuations in the water content of the oil-based solvent. Because that content fluctuates with the humidity. And the atmospheric humidity--indoors and outdoors--is constantly changing because of the weather. The consequence is that a test run on day A can have totally different results from exactly the same test run on day B.
Van Zee and his colleagues also revealed how the minute water concentration can have such a big impact. Water molecules are polar: one side is negatively charged and the other positively. That's why they like to bond, via so-called hydrogen bonds. But oil is hydrophobic: it repels water. This repulsion leaves too little space for the water molecules in oil to bond with other water molecules; they are isolated. That means their potential energy to form new hydrogen bonds is available for other uses. The Eindhoven researchers have shown that this energy of water plays a crucial role in the formation of supramolecular structures. These are molecular aggregates based on reversible bonds, for example hydrogen bonds.
Their findings put quite a burden on their own science field as well as adjacent ones. A lot of chemistry is done in oil, so a lot of previous research will have to be re-evaluated to assess the effect of water. The researchers suspect that many previous reports of unexplained phenomena, be it changes in structure, size or processing, are fundamentally due to interactions with water.
On the other hand the Eindhoven research team provides chemists worldwide with an amazing new instrument, Van Zee explains. "The water concentration turns out to have a very strong influence. And one can easily control it, by manipulating the humidity, which is pretty simple in a closed environment. We think there will be a lot of follow-up research also in other fields of chemistry."
###
MOST companies will not increase their workers' salaries next year with only half prepared to pay a bonus this year, a survey has revealed.
By Kudzai Kuwaza
In a survey by Industrial Psychology Consultants (IPC) titled 2017 Annual Bonus Likelihood Survey Report, it was found that 55% of organisations which participated in the survey will not increase employees' salaries in 2018.
The survey also found that 50% of the participating organisations will pay bonuses in 2017 and 22% of the participating organisations will not pay bonuses and the remaining 28% are uncertain as to whether or not they will pay a bonus.
Of the companies that participated in the survey, 18% have retrenched workers in 2017.
The companies which are not paying a bonus cited various reasons which include adverse company performance, financial constraints, failure to achieve targets, the ballooning of operational costs and a decrease in sales.
Most of the participants (68%) who are forecasting to pay bonuses this year, the survey established, said that the bonus will be a guaranteed cheque.
“This suggests that, overall, bonuses this year will be paid not because the company has performed, rather because the bonus is contractual (guaranteed),”the IPC observes in its survey.
A relatively large percent of the participants (37%), whose bonus is not performance related have retrenched employees this year as compared to the other participants who factor in performance, the survey revealed.
In 2017, the survey established, most of the participants (44%) said they consider both company and individual performance in bonus payments. Of the participants that pay the 13th cheque, 16% said they pay bonus factoring the company performance while 38% of the participants said there is no particular link to performance in bonus payments. Only 2% said they consider other factors in paying a bonus.
The participants were drawn from various sectors of the economy which include tourism and hospitality, construction and real estate, information technology and telecommunications, mining and engineering.
“The current bonus system, where companies pay bonuses because they are contractual or through NEC Collective Bargaining Agreements, is likely to continue to put more pressure on companies to reduce costs, as the majority of them are already highly leveraged,” IPC warned in its survey. “Bonuses, especially those with no relationship to performance are a luxury in the current environment. Companies who are continuing this practice are putting themselves in real danger. Employers and employees need to have candid discussions around this issue.”
ANN ARBOR--Tropical oceans teem with the dazzle and flash of colorful reef fishes and contain far more species than the cold ocean waters found at high latitudes. This well-known "latitudinal diversity gradient" is one of the most famous patterns in biology, and scientists have puzzled over its causes for more than 200 years.
One frequently advanced explanation is that warm reef environments serve as evolutionary hot spots for species formation. But a new study that analyzed the evolutionary relationships between more than 30,000 fish species concludes that the fastest rates of species formation have occurred at the highest latitudes and in the coldest ocean waters.
Over the past several million years, cool-water and polar ocean fishes formed new species twice as fast as the average species of tropical fish, according to the new study, which is scheduled for publication July 4 in the journal Nature.
"These findings are both surprising and paradoxical," said University of Michigan evolutionary biologist Daniel Rabosky, lead author of the study. "A number of hypotheses explain extreme tropical diversity as the result of faster rates of species formation, but it's never been tested in fishes.
"Our results are counterintuitive and unexpected, because we find that speciation is actually fastest in the geographic regions with the lowest species richness."
The authors admit they cannot fully explain their results, which are incompatible with the idea that the tropics serve as an evolutionary cradle for marine fish diversity. The findings also raise questions about whether the rapid cold-ocean speciation the team documented reflects a recent and ongoing expansion of marine diversity there.
Common sense suggests that a high rate of new species formation will eventually lead to impressive levels of biodiversity. But that depends on how many of the newly formed species survive and how many go extinct. And extinction rates could not be addressed through the methods used in the current study.
"The number of species you find in a region is largely a balance between the rate at which new species form and the rate at which extinction eliminates them," Rabosky said. "The rapid speciation of fishes in cold, high-latitude oceans that we documented will only cause diversity to increase if it is generally higher than extinction.
"Extinction is the missing piece of this puzzle, but it's the most difficult thing to understand. We're now using both fossils and new statistical tools to try to get a handle on what extinction might have been doing in both the polar regions and the tropics."
In the study, Rabosky and colleagues from eight institutions tested the widely held assumption that species-formation rates are fastest in the tropics by examining the relationship between latitude, species richness and the rate of new species formation among marine fishes. They assembled a time-calibrated evolutionary tree of all 31,526 ray-finned fish species, then focused their analysis on marine species worldwide.
Genetic data were available for more than one-third of the fish species analyzed in the study, and the evolutionary tree was time-calibrated using a database of 139 fossil taxa.
An evolutionary tree, also known as a phylogenetic tree, is a branching diagram showing the inferred evolutionary relationships among various species. The tree assembled for this project is one of the largest time-calibrated phylogenetic trees ever created for any group of animals, according to Rabosky.
The researchers estimated geographic ranges for most of the marine fish species, including all species with genetic data. Then they used complex mathematical and statistical models to estimate the rates at which different groups of fishes split into new species.
"The computational challenges for analyzing these types of data are pretty extreme," said study co-author Michael Alfaro, an evolutionary biologist at the University of California, Los Angeles. The analyses in the study required the equivalent of thousands of desktop computers running continuously for many months, he said.
Some of the fastest rates of new species formation occurred in Antarctic icefish and their relatives. Other temperate and polar groups with exceptionally high speciation rates include snailfish, eelpouts and rockfish.
Three of the largest coral reef-associated fish groups--wrasses, damselfish and gobies--showed low to moderate rates of species formation.
"The fact that coral reefs support many more fish species than polar regions despite these lower rates may have a lot to do with their long history of connectivity and ability to act as a refugium," said co-author Peter Cowman of the Australia Research Council Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies, and previously of Yale University. "Our research certainly paints coral reef diversity in a new light."
"Who would have thought that you'd have these really explosive rates of species formation happening in the coldest Antarctic waters, where water is literally at the freezing point and fish like the icefish have to have all kinds of really crazy adaptations to live there, like special antifreeze proteins in their blood to keep it from freezing," Rabosky said.
###
Rabosky is an associate professor in the U-M Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology and an associate curator at the U-M Museum of Zoology.
The authors of the Nature paper, in addition to Rabosky, Alfaro and Cowman, are U-M's Jonathan Chang, Pascal Title and Matt Friedman; Lauren Sallan of the University of Pennsylvania; Kristin Kaschner of the University of Freiburg; Cristina Garilao of GEOMAR Helmholtz Centre for Ocean Research; Thomas Near of Yale University; and Marta Coll of the Institute of Marine Science in Barcelona, Spain.
The work was supported in part by grants from the National Science Foundation and by the David and Lucile Packard Foundation.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MILWAUKEE, Wis. -- A democrat running for governor of Wisconsin, who breastfed her daughter during in a campaign ad, is brushing aside criticism and said the response has been "overwhelmingly positive," according to WITI.
While shooting an ad about her work to ban a toxic chemical in baby bottles, Kelda Roys' 4-month-old daughter started to cry and her husband handed the baby to her.
Roys consoled her daughter, then breastfed her as the camera crew kept shooting. In an interview with WITI, she said it was an unscripted moment.
"When the clip came back and it had the nursing in it, I said, 'You know, let's keep it in there. Why not?' Roys said. "People are ready for candidates they can relate to."
While Roys said men and women have responded positively to the ad, her campaign released a fundraising email to supporters that showed more negative comments on Facebook.
"Stay home with your baby and stay out of politics," said one person.
"Sick (expletive) exploiting her baby," wrote another.
Roys, who served two terms in the state Assembly, said such attacks are common for women in public service.
"You know what's funny? As a woman who has been in public life - I was the head of NARAL Pro-Choice Wisconsin and I was in the Assembly - I'm used to that kind of really disgusting, sexist language," said Roys.
The ad went online a day after a Marquette University Law School Poll showed 92 percent of voters didn't know much about Roys, putting her at the top of that category among nine democratic hopefuls for governor.
Roys also got zero percent support when democrats were asked who they would vote for in the primary, the worst of the nine candidates polled.
Roys said she's not concerned that the large number of candidates is making it difficult for any of their messages to get through to voters.
"Some candidates are probably not going to make to the ballot, and that's fine. There are candidates out there campaigning, traveling the state, raising money, reaching out the voters and there are other campaigns who are not, and that will become clear," said Roys.
All of those candidates are seeking the opportunity to face two-term incumbent Republican Gov. Scott Walker in the November election. The primary is in August.
Nixon, known for her role as Miranda in the show, unveils a progressive platform championing economic equality and eschewing big business
Published 10:43 AM, March 20, 2018
NEW YORK, USA – Cynthia Nixon, the US actress who shot to fame as workaholic lawyer Miranda on Sex and the City, jumped into the race for New York governor Monday, March 19 unveiling a progressive platform championing economic equality and eschewing big business.
The 51-year-old declared her candidacy with a two-minute campaign video posted on Twitter that showed her at home with her wife and children, riding the subway, taking one of her children to school and speaking at liberal political causes.
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
The move confirmed speculation that Nixon would challenge incumbent Democratic Governor Andrew Cuomo. If elected, Nixon – who is a vocal opponent of President Donald Trump – would be New York state's first woman and first openly gay governor.
The actress and liberal activist, who has campaigned for gay marriage, public schools and access to women's health care, announced that she was "sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us."
"Our leaders are letting us down. We are now the most unequal state in the entire country with both incredible wealth and extreme poverty. Half the kids in our upstate cities live below the poverty line. How did we let this happen?" she said in the video.
"Something has to change. We want our government to work again – on health care, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway.
"Together we can win this fight," finished the New York-born and raised Nixon, who said she grew up with her mother in what she called "a one-bedroom, fifth-floor walkup."
The Trump presidency has seen a surge in women – particularly Democratic women – running for office. Only 8 of the current 50 US state governors are women.
In 2004, Nixon accepted an Emmy award – the highest accolade in US television – for her role as Miranda Hobbes from Trump, the fellow celebrity-turned-politician whose current presidency she publicly opposes.
Left-field candidate
New York, the fourth most populous state in the United States, goes to the polls to elect a governor on November 6. But Nixon remains a left-field candidate with Cuomo very much the favored contender ahead of the Democratic Party primary on September 13.
Despite the stardom brought by her role alongside Sarah Jessica Parker on the hit HBO comedy from 1998-2004 that spawned two movies, a recent Siena College poll found that Cuomo is overwhelmingly favored by Democrats to Nixon by 66 to 19%.
The governor, who is seeking his third term, has downplayed the competition and Nixon has never previously run for office.
"I'm not nervous about whoever runs," Cuomo said last week. "They'll be people who run. That's called elections and that's fine."
Considered a potential Democratic presidential candidate for 2020, Cuomo is shored up by a bevvy of powerful supporters, but it remains unclear whether he will be badly damaged by the recent conviction of a close friend and aide for bribery.
According to The New York Times, Cuomo's name was mentioned 163 times during Joseph Percoco's 8-week federal trial.
Nixon, who is close to left-leaning New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, echoes some of the language used by 2016 Democratic Party presidential contender Bernie Sanders, who electrified the left before ultimately losing to Hillary Clinton.
Her campaign fundraising page stipulates that she "won't be accepting any corporate contributions" and that "instead our campaign will be powered by the people."
If Trump has proved a celebrity can win office as a political novice, the mother-of-3 is far from the first US actor to venture into politics.
Republican president Ronald Reagan got his political start after acting as a two-term governor of California from 1967 to 1975. Arnold Schwarzenegger, the Austrian-born body builder, also served as California governor from 2003-2011.
And Former television comic Al Franken – for whom Nixon once campaigned – was Democratic senator of Minnesota from 2009 until early this year, when he was forced to step down over sexual misconduct allegations.–Rappler.com
April 13 Terravia Holdings Inc
* Terravia'S algae butter, which can replace palm oil and hydrogenated oils, receives FDA gras no questions letter
* Algae butter will be produced by terravia and bunge joint venture, sb oils, and marketed in U.S. by Bunge North America Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Le'Veon Bell was on the Doug Gottlieb radio show Friday and he once again had to talk about his pending contract. The first thing Gottlieb brought up was that the Steelers might tag him again.
Bell's response was short and definitive.
“I hope not.”
Bell earned $12.12 million in 2017 on the franchise tag and if he were tagged again in 2018, he'd earn just over $14 million. But Bell cited financial security as a reason for wanting a long-term deal over the tag.
For many of us, the idea of earning $26 million in two seasons is the very definition of financial security but we have to put aside the rational when it comes to NFL players.
Bell said there's no training camp if the Steelers tag him again in 2018. So if the two sides can't come to terms on a new contract it will be another extended vacation in Miami this Summer for Bell and a Steelers' offense that has to adjust to a rusty running back when the season opens.
Related 5 Steelers salary cap cuts to get free agency started right
In this episode of ‘Get It Together', Alexzandria Sanchez speaks with Professor Derek Adams about Ithaca College's Integrative Core Curriculum Diversity Requirement (also known as the ICC). They analyze the effectiveness of the requirement and dig deep into who it really benefits.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — US-led coalition strikes in the Kirkuk province of Iraqi Kurdistan killed a Daesh security chief, Ammar Hassan Mohamad Hassan, and his associates, the Kurdistan Region Security Council announced on Tuesday.
.@CJTFOIR The airstrike on the Riyaz-Hawija Road targeted an ISIL convoy. Hassan was also known as Abu Nabil. — KR Security Council (@KRSCPress) 18 апреля 2017 г.
The US-led coalition of 68 nations started to carry out airstrikes against Daesh in Syria and Iraq in 2014, with the strikes in Syria not being authorized by the government of President Bashar Assad or the UN Security Council.
ATLANTA -- Intoxicated, heavy drinkers have a tendency to act rashly in response to negative emotions, which can intensify the risk for intimate partner aggression, according to a study by Georgia State University and Purdue University.
The researchers examined the link between risk-promoting factors, such as impulsivity and problematic drinking, and intimate partner aggression among intoxicated and non-intoxicated heavy drinkers. To be considered a heavy drinker, participants had to report typically consuming at least five standard drinks for men or four standard drinks for women per drinking day at least twice per month during the past year.
The study suggests acute alcohol intoxication is a key facilitator of the association between problematic drinking patterns and intimate partner aggression. It's only under acute intoxication that problematic drinkers are more likely than non-problematic drinkers to perpetrate intimate partner aggression.
Olivia Subramani, first author of the study and a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology at Georgia State, offered an explanation for why alcohol intoxication exerts these effects.
"People who respond impulsively to their emotions likely do so because they tend to pay more attention to emotional cues in the situation (for example, a mean look from one's partner)," Subramani said. "This 'tunnel vision' for emotional cues is exacerbated when people are drunk, so they are focused almost exclusively on the aggression-promoting cues in the situation. This makes aggression an especially likely response."
The findings, published in the journal Alcoholism Clinical & Experimental Research, make important contributions about the conditions most likely to result in committing intimate partner aggression.
"Our findings shed light on one way that alcohol may cause intimate partner aggression, particularly among people who are already at high risk for perpetration," said Dr. Dominic Parrott, professor of psychology at Georgia State and co-author of the study. "These results suggest that interventions which aim to reduce alcohol use or help people to focus on cues that inhibit, rather than promote, aggression are most likely to be effective."
Participants in this study, recruited from Atlanta and Indianapolis, were 249 heavy drinkers (148 men and 101 women) in heterosexual relationships with a recent history of psychological or physical intimate partner aggression toward their partner.
The study's results support alcohol use as an important target for the treatment of intimate partner aggression. When a person is acutely intoxicated, it could also be effective to distract them from aggression-promoting cues and redirect their attention onto aggression-inhibiting cues, such as peaceful images or themselves, the researchers said.
###
Dr. Christopher Eckhardt of Purdue is a co-author of the study.
The study was funded by the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism of the National Institutes of Health.
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) — Asked about players who did not stand for the national anthem before preseason games, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said Monday that while the playing of the anthem is a special moment to him, “we also have to understand the other side.”
Goodell made the comments at University of Phoenix Stadium during a 45-minute question-and-answer period with Arizona Cardinals club seat holders. One season ticket-holder, Bruce Olson, asked the commissioner whether players were going to continue to protest during the anthem and if anything could be done about it.
“It's one of those things where I think we have to understand that there are people that have different viewpoints,” Goodell said. “The national anthem is a special moment to me. It's a point of pride. But we also have to understand the other side, that people do have rights and we want to respect those.”
Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett sat on the visiting bench during the anthem before the preseason opener against the Los Angeles Chargers on Sunday, a decision he made before weekend protests by white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Bennett has said that the aim of his protest is to make people uncomfortable. In the process, he hopes to spur greater communication, understanding and involvement across racial, gender and socio-economic lines.
Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch sat on a cooler during the anthem Saturday night on the field at University of Phoenix Stadium.
Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised a first before his team's game.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla. - Employees of an Oklahoma City Taco Bell called police early Tuesday morning to report a woman who was chasing them around the store with what they thought was a crowbar.
They said the woman was threatening them and demanding money, as she allegedly destroyed the cash registers with the weapon, according to KFOR.
52-year-old Zette Madden also walked around the building smashing the glass in entrance doors and the drive-thru window as well as the drive-thru menu, causing thousands of dollars in damages, police said.
When Officer Phillip Paz arrived at the Taco Bell, police body cam video captured Madden standing on the other side of the smashed glass.
Paz told Madden seven times to drop the weapon, which he then identified as a tire iron.
A large baseball-sized rock was also seen on the floor next to Madden.
Madden ignored his repeated demands, opened the shattered glass door, then yelled out "I come in here and spend hundreds of dollars, but the (expletive)" - the officer didn't give her a chance to finish her sentence, writing in his report he used his taser because he feared Madden would again turn back to threaten employees.
After being tased, Madden was cooperative and transported to a local hospital to treat the cuts on her hands from broken glass.
Taco Bell employees have dealt with Madden in the past, saying she trespassed inside the restaurant and allegedly tried to steal soda.
Madden remains in the Oklahoma County Jail on charges of malicious injury and destruction of property, robbery in the first degree and robbery with a dangerous weapon.
March 31 HUGO GAMES A/S
* ACQUISITION OF GAME STUDIO AND RESTRUCTURING ORGANIZATION
* ENTERED INTO A SHARE SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT WITH FUZZY FROG LTD, LOCATED IN NOTTINGHAM, UK ("FUZZY FROG")
* ACQUISITION OF 52.6 PERCENT OF ALL ISSUED SHARES IN FUZZY FROG
* TRANSACTION WILL, UPON COMPLETION, REPRESENT AN INCREASE OF MORE THAN 5% OF REVENUE/ASSETS OF HUGO GAMES
* SELLING SHAREHOLDERS IN FUZZY FROG WILL EXCHANGE 52.6% OF THE SHARES IN FUZZY FROG AGAINST 4,452,543 SHARES (THE “CONSIDERATION SHARES”) IN HUGO GAMES
* HUGO GAMES A/S - TRANSACTION IMPLIES A VALUE OF ABOUT GBP 1.0 MILLION (100%) OF FUZZY FROG BASED ON THE HUGO GAMES SHARE PRICE AS OF 10 DAYS´AVARAGE LISTING PRICE ENDING 30TH MARCH 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Public vs private cloud: maturity self-assessment
The growing maturity of enterprise cloud offerings is giving businesses unprecedented choice in how they build the technology infrastructure that will power their core processes and enable their digital transformation. And while there are multiple paths to take, all roads lead to the cloud.
By Revel dos Santos, Africa head: HANA enterprise cloud at SAP Africa
The main question companies face today regarding cloud is a choice between public and private cloud adoption. The need to drive digital transformation and reimagine core business processes to meet the demands of the modern business environment has made cloud offerings attractive to companies that wish to remain agile despite growing complexity.
Public cloud: the best of all worlds?
Public cloud vendors are responsible for the full functional management and technical release of functional elements and take much of the responsibility and workload regarding release management, governance and accountability away from organisations. Subscribers are still responsible for the functional support of the cloud application, as well as any functional configuration – such as setting up certain workflows, managing data take-on from master data and historic data – required to make the cloud solution purpose-fit.
The latest public cloud platforms, such as SAP Cloud Platform, are also purpose-built for innovation, providing agile development capabilities and integration with the latest exponential technologies: machine learning, AI, blockchain, predictive analytics, and more. And with a lower total cost of ownership and quicker time-to-value, public cloud offers improved ROI in the short term and enables greater scope for innovation at lower cost.
But it's not always the best solution for every business: regulation can, for example, limit where certain types of organisations (especially in the public sector) store their information, meaning many of the cloud solutions hosted outside our borders are off-limits. There is also the question of whether a business can change its core processes and adopt the out-the-box functionality of public cloud offerings.
For those that can't, the private cloud has become an increasingly attractive proposition.
Private cloud: a matter of control
Private cloud is fundamentally different to public cloud offerings. Public cloud is a push – subscribers are beholden to the vendor's release schedule and have limited capacity to adapt the cloud offering to suit specific needs. In contrast, private cloud is a pull from the customer, who dictates and defines the cloud strategy in collaboration with the vendor.
There's also an emotional element to how data is stored in the cloud: many organisations are still reluctant to host sensitive company information in a public cloud environment, opting instead for on-premise or private cloud solutions. However, this is often a flawed argument. Cloud vendors have no access to company information or the way it is stored, and their reputations are built on exceptional levels of security, meaning that in most cases data stored there is more secure than nearly any other enterprise environment.
At a governance level, certain regulations may limit the types of information stored in a public cloud environment, especially if the vendor's data centres are located outside of the country's borders. Newly-introduced regulations such as GDPR and South Africa's POPI Act have direct bearing on how customer data is stored and managed. Here, the private cloud has clear advantages, as it allows companies to more easily manage a broad set of data governance principles and maintain greater control over data storage and management aspects.
Internal KPIs for public versus private cloud
With so much choice and so many benefits to both public and private cloud models, choosing which type of cloud offering is best can become an almost paralysing exercise. As a solution, companies need to create a dynamic set of KPIs to determine which model will best serve their immediate and longer-term business needs. Some of the aspects that need to be considered include:
* Know your industry – firstly, understand your unique business conditions and the larger factors that are influencing those conditions. Any choice between either public or private cloud should enable the organisation to meet its immediate challenges but also build capacity in the longer term.
* Legislative aspects – some regulations, especially around the storage and management of data, can play a determining role in what type of cloud offering you seek out. In the financial services industry, for example, customer data cannot be stored outside of the country's borders, meaning any public cloud platform that is hosted outside SA is automatically out of contention.
* Business agility – can you change your business to adopt the functional aspects of what the public cloud offers? If yes, continue down the path to public cloud. If no, it's probably better to pursue a private cloud model.
* Know yourself – it's critical to understand how big or complex the business environment is. Not everything is simpler in the public cloud: system architecture, legacy systems, internal siloes – these all play a role in the eventual success of public or private cloud adoption.
* Cost – once organisations have determined the viability of their cloud delivery model, the cost of implementing it and changing the business landscape will be the deciding factor.
Public and private cloud both offer enterprises clear advantages. However, neither is a silver bullet for challenges around IT infrastructure and digital transformation. Every business needs to be clear about its ultimate business strategy, and to make sure the cloud model they choose can enable their ambitions. Many organisations may opt to go with a hybrid cloud model to minimise risk in the short term. Choosing a vendor that is clear about where it can provide the most value, and that can be interoperable with other solutions, may prove to be the most practical and effective approach to cloud adoption, whether it be on a public or private model.
RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
More than 2,900 complaints of animal cruelty were investigated by the RSPCA in Nottinghamshire last year - with eight new animal welfare concerns being looked into by local inspectors every day.
The figure has been released as part of the charity's annual Cruelty Statistics, which shows that, nationally, 141,760 complaints about animal welfare were investigated in 2017.
The most calls received related to dogs (1,702), followed by cats (737) and then equines (281).
Simon Parker, the RSPCA's chief inspector for the county, said: “Animal cruelty horrifies much of today's society and eight new complaints every day shows us that there are suffering animals in the county who need our help every day.
“We are very grateful to the people who contact us, who cannot turn a blind eye to animal cruelty.
“It is shocking that people can be capable of such deliberate brutality towards animals, but equally it drives us on to ensure that perpetrators of animal cruelty are put before the courts.
“Either way, our officers are under increased pressure having to respond to more calls and investigate more complaints, but it is thanks to their dedication, as well as RSPCA staff and volunteers that we are able to transform the lives of thousands of animals in Nottinghamshire each year.”
Chief Inspector Parker added: “We urge the public to keep reporting concerns to us on our cruelty helpline number - 0300 1234 999 - which operates 24 hours a day. Don't be afraid to call - we will always do our best to respond as quickly as we can.”
This year, the RSPCA is focusing on the plight of horses as animal rescuers and welfare charities struggle to cope with an ongoing equine crisis.
Nationally, nearly 1,000 horses were rescued by the charity from cruelty, suffering and neglect last year, with 928 still in the charity's care.
In Nottinghamshire, the RSPCA received 281 complaints about 225 horses. Officers rescued 21 horses from across the county in 2017, up from 11 in 2016 and eight in 2015.
Chief Inspector Parker said: “Many of the calls we receive about equines are concerns about them being underweight, due to poor grazing or a lack of supplementary food, and also concerns about overgrown hooves.”
Nottinghamshire cases
Sutton - RSPCA inspectors discovered 40 animals being kept in squalid conditions at a home in Sutton, including some kept in cages described as ‘prison cells'.
The woman responsible pleaded guilty to a number of animal welfare offences, which included failing to meet their needs and causing unnecessary suffering by not providing veterinary treatment. She was disqualified from keeping dogs for life and given a 12-week prison sentence suspended for a year, a three-year ban on all animals, and was ordered to pay £500 costs and a £115 victim surcharge.
RSPCA inspectors visited the property in April 2016 after concerns were raised about the dogs' living conditions. There, they found dogs living in crates stacked on top of each other, with no food, water, blankets or toys inside them. In total, there were 30 adult dogs, six puppies, two cats and two parrots.
RSPCA inspector Laura Kirkham said: “These poor animals were living in their own little prison cells - it was absolutely horrific and not something you expect to see in this day and age. There was faeces and urine in the crates and, in some, there were two dogs in each. The smell was disgusting - it was so overpowering that it was burning my throat.
“We called the police and a vet out, who was not happy with the conditions of the animals and was very worried about one dog in particular who seemed very lethargic and depressed.”
The dogs were spread across the property inside the house, an outhouse and in a transit van and a run outside. Also inside the house in a crate was a nursing mum and six newborn pups.
“There were seven dogs living in this van, all in crates - six in the back and one in the front,” said Inspector Kirkham.
“What is even sadder is that they were spending an extremely long time in these crates. There was nothing in these crates to stimulate them either, and the smell was strong and the air stuffy. It was just absolutely horrific.
“The squalor in the outhouse was particularly appalling. It had crates stacked on top of one another, and it was dark. At first we couldn't see one of the dogs in the crate at the bottom because it was so dark.
“The crates were filled with faeces and urine, which meant the dogs were also covered in faeces - it was so bad on one dog that he had dreadlocks of faecal clumps hanging off his coat.”
There were also two cats living in squalid conditions in a run in the garden, plus two parrots inside the house who were also kept in poor conditions.
Inspector Kirkham said: “It would have been impossible for anyone to cope with looking after so many animals properly.”
Five of the dogs were put to sleep on veterinary advice due to health issues and a young puppy removed from the property died from natural causes. The remaining animals are either in RSPCA care or have been rehomed.
Bulwell - the RSPCA investigated an horrific case after a neighbour witnessed a man killing his cat by hitting her over the head with a hammer three times.
The cat, called Lupo, could be heard screaming by neighbours during the early morning attack in July 2017.
The RSPCA was contacted following the incident and when inspector Laura Kirkham went to the owner's house, they initially denied the allegations, before admitting they had used the hammer to make sure she was dead before burying her after he found her at 3.30am “twitching”.
Lupo's body was exhumed from the owner's garden and a post-mortem examination showed that she had suffered from blunt force trauma to her skull which led to her death. An examination of her body also showed that she had severely overgrown claws which had curled under into the pads of her feet.
Her owner pleaded guilty in court to two Animal Welfare Act offences of causing unnecessary suffering to the cat and for failing to meet her needs, and magistrates were told that he had owned Lupo for 14 years before killing her.
The court heard that the witness looked out of the window when they heard the cat screaming at 5.50am, and they saw the owner knelt down in the garden. He had a hammer in his hand and they could see Lupo on the ground - her legs were shaking so they knew she was still alive. They then saw the owner hit Lupo with a hammer three times, and when they shouted out of the window at the owner he replied: ‘She bit me'.
The court also heard that the owner said Lupo was dying and when asked by the magistrates why he used a hammer, he said: “It's a horrible incident and I am very sorry about it. I don't know what happened, I was under a lot of stress and I just snapped.”
Magistrates disqualified Lupo's owner from keeping animals for life, gave him a 12-week prison sentence suspended for 12 months, and ordered him to pay costs of £787.50 and a victim surcharge of £118.
Inspector Kirkham said: “This was a very unpleasant job to deal with from the start. Due to conflicting comments from her owner, I will never know the real motives behind what happened or whether Lupo was conscious or not when this incident occurred - I sincerely hope it was the latter.
“Clearly subjecting Lupo to blows to the head with a hammer is completely inappropriate and if there were any concerns for her health then either an emergency vet or ourselves should have been contacted for advice or help.
“Furthermore, some of her claws had become so overgrown that they had penetrated her pads and had grown into almost a complete circle. This would clearly have been causing her a great deal of pain and discomfort, particularly as this was on both of her front paws.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS TX - It's no secret, everybody loves the State Fair of Texas. But, does that even include the X-Men?
The comic book "Uncanny X-Men at the State Fair of Texas" seems to say they do.
"The State Fair of Texas is iconic," says Jonathan Alvarez, who owns a copy of the comic book. "If you read the comic book, it's pretty funny. The X-men themselves are amazed at how big the state fair is."
In this vintage comic, the X-Men head from the midway to the Cotton Bowl as they search for a new mutant who's been hanging out at the State Fair of Texas.
Guess mutants like Corny Dogs too.
"It's really cool just to see Big Tex make a feature," Alvarez said.
The comic came out back in the 80s and runs for about $40 these days, which is actually a little pricey for a comic book.
And here's a little fact that you probably could have guessed on your own...Big Tex saves the day!
"Big Tex, he has the boot to scoot for sure," Alvarez joked.
Who knows when we'll get another superhero out at the fair, but maybe, there are already some mutants walking right next to you.
A foreign policy adviser on President Donald Trump's campaign made repeated efforts to arrange meetings with contacts he had in Russia, the Washington Post reported Monday.
The Post reported that in at least half a dozen email requests sent between March and September 2016, adviser George Papadopoulos urged Trump or senior members of his campaign to meet with Russian officials. Some of those emails were read to the newspaper by a person with access to them.
In one, Papadopoulos offered to arrange “a meeting between us and the Russian leadership to discuss US-Russia ties under President Trump,” as quoted by the Post.
A self-described energy consultant, Papadopoulos was the youngest and least experienced member of the small foreign policy team Trump abruptly formed last March after coming under criticism for his lack of foreign policy expertise.
These newly surfaced emails mark the latest in a long string of examples of the Trump team's efforts to establish direct communication with Russia during the 2016 race. Special counsel Robert Mueller is currently investigating Russia's interference in the election and whether any members of the Trump team cooperated with Russians in that effort.
According to the Post, the Papadopoulos emails were part of the over 20,000 pages of documents that the Trump campaign turned over to the multiple congressional committees conducting their own investigations into Russia's election interference.
Trump campaign officials expressed concern at the concerted efforts made by Papadopoulos, according to the report. Campaign co-chairman Sam Clovis cautioned that NATO allies should be consulted before any meetings with Russian official occurred, and then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort said Trump would not be traveling to Russia for any sort of meeting with Putin.
High-level members of the campaign did not always rebuff overtures from Russian operatives so directly, however. Manafort attended a June 2016 Trump Tower that Donald Trump, Jr. arranged with individuals purporting to have information that would damage Hillary Clinton's candidacy as part of a Kremlin effort to help his father's campaign. Trump Jr. has said he did not know who the participants of the meeting would be beforehand, or what would be discussed there, and has turned over his contemporaneous notes to the special counsel.
The President's adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, who also attended the Trump Tower meeting, also reportedly spoke with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. about setting up a covert communications channel during the transition to the White House. And Trump himself infamously urged Russia to find and leak Clinton's private emails just months before Election Day.
Jennifer Aniston knows what's important.
With one of the most enviable bodies in Hollywood, the actress has always embraced eating well and exercising, but she's the first to admit that taking care of yourself isn't always a priority.
“I've made myself good at it, you have to really make yourself do it,” the World's Most Beautiful Woman of 2016 tells PEOPLE. “That's the last thing that people do is take care of themselves. It sort of sets the tone for your inner well-being and how you're going to be able to take on the day. It's important to get it in.”
RELATED: Jennifer Aniston Says Baby-Shamers Aren't Getting Much Better
“Me-time” for the the Aveeno spokesperson entails “my morning ritual of waking up, meditation, working out, walking the dogs,” Aniston says. “Then on Sundays, I usually do carve out a little afternoon mini spa day for me where I give myself a good scrub and a nice mask. Sunday is usually my day to kind of indulge by putting on some nice music and giving myself some love.”
RELATED VIDEO: Happy Second Anniversary! Why Justin Theroux Can Still Make Jennifer Aniston Blush
Among her favorite products at the moment are Aveeno's Daily Moisturizing Lotion and the brand's new Positively Radiant Overnight Hydrating Facial. “It's just delicious,” she adds. “It leaves your skin glowing and so supple.”
When it comes to beauty, Aniston, 48, has always preferred a more natural approach, but there's another product that has her intrigued. “My girlfriends are trying to get me to get my blood drawn to make this cream but I'm a little hesitant to do that,” she says, laughing. Developed by Dr. Barbara Sturm in Germany, the customized MC1 Blood Cream is the next evolution of her Vampire facial. “I'm doing research on it, I'm kind of interested,” the actress adds. “I'm reading about it.”
Current guilty pleasures for Aniston include making pasta with her husband Justin Theroux (“we just give ourselves a day to have a little indulgence, friends come over, we cook fun meals together”) and watching the new Netflix show, Ozark, starring their close friend, Jason Bateman. “It's just phenomenal,” she adds. “He's so good.”
Looking for more style content? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts, can't-live-without beauty products and more.
FROM PEN:Naomi Watts Talks 26-Year Friendship with Nicole Kidman
As for her workout, Aniston has started attending The Class by Taryn Toomey. “It's like meditation, physical activity, just shake it all off, like therapy, tick all the boxes,” she says. And if she doesn't have time for a class, the actress hits the treadmill at home. “I do 45 minutes intervals of just jogging for two minutes, walking for two minutes, jogging for two minutes,” she adds. “Put it up to an incline and you just get 45 minutes of just real cardio.”
So what is Aniston most grateful for these days? “Oh God, just my health, my family, I'm just grateful,” she says. “I try to write down a gratitude list every morning as well, it always gives you a thankful shift. I'm just grateful for all of it.”
A NSW police officer said "do what you want" when her colleague asked if he could film them having sex, a Sydney court has been told.
Giving evidence in the Downing Centre Local Court on Tuesday, Timothy Michael Patterson said the woman had consented to him filming them having sex at a Sydney hotel in July 2017.
But he said she didn't know he was posting the videos to a Snapchat group - which he did to boast to his mates.
Camera Icon Timothy Patterson Picture: AAP
Patterson said he asked if the woman minded if he filmed them and she replied: "Yeah, I don't care. Do what you want."
The 28-year-old has pleaded not guilty to three counts of filming the woman in a private act without her consent for the purposes of sexual gratification and of using a carriage service to menace, harass or offend.
Patterson described the encounter as "exciting" saying he wanted to make the video for them both.
But prosecutor Mardi Cartwright suggested he had covertly filmed his colleague for the sexual gratification of himself and other male police officers who were members of a Snapchat group called "No Snitches".
The now-suspended senior constable said the purpose was not sexual gratification but to boast to his mates.
"As juvenile as it was (I did it to) boast to the guys I was having sex and they weren't," he said.
He uploaded three videos to Snapchat - one of which showed the woman being "slapped on the bottom a number of times" - while the couple were having sex and without her knowledge.
He said he attempted to film only from the "neck down" to protect the woman's identity
But some Snapchat group members testified they saw her face in the videos.
The case continues.
Transparency Market Research (TMR) has announced the addition of the new report, titled “Polyalkylene Glycol (Polyethylene Glycol (PEG), Polypropylene Glycol (PPG), and Others) Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2015 – 2023”.
Read Report Overview @
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/polyalkylene-glycol-market.html
The report states that the global polyalkylene glycol (PAG) market is expected to expand at a moderate 11.0% CAGR during the forecast period from 2015 to 2023. In 2014, the global polyalkylene glycol market was worth US$7.49 billion and by 2023, the market is projected to be worth US$16.96 billion. Volume-wise, in 2014, the global PAG market was estimated at 6,522.8 kilo tons.
The global polyalkylene glycol (PAG) market is driven by factors such as the rising demand for PU foam, functional fluids, and lubricants. Moreover, the perpetual growth in sales of pharmaceutical products and personal care goods is expected to open up growth avenues for ingredients such as PAG. Nevertheless, factors such as the volatility of crude oil prices and the high price of PAG-based functional fluids and lubricants will suppress the market's growth.
The global polyalkylene glycol (PAG) market is broadly segmented by product, application, and geography. By product, the global polyalkylene glycol market is divided into polypropylene glycol (PPG), polyethylene glycol (PEG), and others such as copolymers and higher adducts. PPG and PEG are the major product types of polyalkylene glycol. PPG is projected to emerge as the dominant product type during the forecasting horizon due to its growing demand in the lubricant sector.
Application-wise, the global polyalkylene glycol (PAG) market is segmented into polyurethane (PU) foam, lubricants, functional fluids, personal care, surface active agents, pharmaceutical, and others. The sector of PU foam dominated the global polyalkylene glycol market in 2014 in terms of volume. On the other hand, the lubricants application sector emerged as a key market for PAG and accounted for over 15% of the market in terms of volume in 2014. Nevertheless, it is the personal care application sector that is projected to show the fastest growth in the coming years.
By geography, the global polyalkylene glycol (PAG) market is divided into North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East and Africa (MEA). In 2014, Asia Pacific dominated the global polyalkylene glycol market with a share of over 45%. Asia Pacific is expected to continue its dominance during the forecasting horizon. Latin America is projected to exhibit the fastest growth in the global polyalkylene glycol market. North America will also exhibit a CAGR higher than the average market growth during the forecast period due to the recovering construction industry and expanding automotive and pharmaceutical industries in this region.
Request to view Sample Report:
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=4806
Manufacturers in the global polyalkylene glycol (PAG) market have a higher profit margin in the application sectors of personal care and pharmaceutical. The high growth rates of these sectors are in turn fueling their market attractiveness in the global polyalkylene glycol market. Some of the key players operating in the global polyalkylene glycol market are Bayer AG, Repsol Group, Saudi Basic Industries Corporation (SABIC), Clariant International, INEOS Group AG, DuPont, Royal Dutch Shell, and LyondellBasell Industries.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
By Vera M. Kutzinsk
Langston Hughes, whom Carl Van Vechten memorably called “the Poet Laureate of the Negro race,” was born on 1 February 1902 in Joplin, Missouri; he died in New York City on 22 May 1967. This year, then, we celebrate Hughes‘ birthday at the beginning of what is now Black History Month, and we honor the fiftieth anniversary of his untimely passing. Remembering Hughes will no doubt lead to more books, articles, and conferences, which is as it should be. This work will be added to what has already been written about Hughes, much of it based on the Langston Hughes Papers at the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale.
Given these riches, one would imagine that there is little left to discover about Hughes. And yet, new material—new to us now—still surfaces from time to time. The story I would like to share here, however briefly, has to do with one such unexpected surfacing. It speaks loudly to the international reputation Langston Hughes enjoyed for most of his life, something we tend to forget here at home.
On 20 October 2016, I received an email from Nora Galer, one of Julio Galer's three children, who, it turns out had been living in New York City for the past twenty-five years. She told me that she has in her possession all the letters her father, who passed in 2006, had kept from his long correspondence with Langston Hughes. If you don't know who Julio Galer is, you're not alone, and that is the point of recounting this story.
Born in Argentina, Julio Galer was one of Hughes's many literary translators, and, as we well know, translators tend to be rather invisible. They certainly have not exactly received the attention they deserve. Galer stands out among those who translated Hughes's writings into many languages because his interest in Hughes's work was much more than a passing fancy. Starting in the later 1940s, Julio Galer worked tirelessly on his Spanish translations of Hughes's autobiographical writings, fiction, plays, and of course poetry. In 1956, he published a hefty collection of his versions of Hughes's poems in Buenos Aires. Throughout all this, Galer and Hughes corresponded for almost twenty years, from 1948 to 1966.
I was familiar with Galer's translations and had written about them in The Worlds of Langston Hughes (2012), but I had no idea about the extent of his correspondence with Hughes. All I knew at the time was that he had sent Hughes a copy of his book, Poemas de Langston Hughes, which I had found at Beinecke Library, along with the Spanish versions of Mulatto, Laughing to keep from Crying, and I Wonder as I Wander.
It wasn't until I flew up to New York City barely two weeks after Nora Galer's email, talked with her at length, and perused her father's papers, that I began to appreciate how much of a serious commitment Julio Galer's Hughes translations had been from the very start. “You see, Mr. Hughes,” the twenty-three-old Galer writes in his first letter from April 1948, “I do not undertake this heavy task just for commercial purposes, I do not make my living translating but teaching. But I want to put at the disposal of the Spanish speaking public your wonderful poetic production.… In my opinion the translator is like the apostle, because, like him, his mission is to spread the holy word, in this case the holy word of beauty and knowledge.”
Continue onto Oxford Univeristy's Press Blog to read the complete article.
The structure, known to be the tallest of its kind in Asia, was completely destroyed by the time the fire was extinguished.
On December 10, a fire broke out at the Lingguan Mansion complex in Mianzhu, China's Sichuan province. The flames were extinguished about four hours later, by which time a 16-story wooden pagoda and a prayer hall at the Buddhist temple were burnt to the ground, local government reported in a statement published on Weibo.
A 16-story wooden tower, known as the tallest of its kind in Asia, has caught fire and collapsed at a monastery in SW China's Sichuan on Sunday. No casualties reported yet. Cause of fire under investigation. pic.twitter.com/8fmPcrrwqu — People's Daily,China (@PDChina) 10 декабря 2017 г.
Several videos were shared online, showing bright flames and black smoke ripping through the temple's pagoda as it falls to pieces.
There were no casualties reported, authorities said in the statement. The cause of the blaze is still unknown and an investigation is underway.
According to local media reports, the original Lingguan Mansion was built during the Ming dynasty (1368-1644) and destroyed in a magnitude 8 earthquake that hit Sichuan in 2008. The temple with what was considered to be the tallest wooden tower in Asia, was later restored but remained under construction when the fire broke out.
THE line-up of drivers who will take to the grid for the 2018 season is locked in as the teams prepare for this weekend's Formula 1 Rolex Australian Grand Prix.
There has been remarkable stability during the off-season with just two changes from the line-up at Abu Dhabi last November, although the flurry of mid-season driver changes last season means the grid has a very different complexion to the one we saw in Australia last March.
Two rookies, Sergey Sirotkin and reigning F2 champion Charles Leclerc, join the grid, headlined by four-time world champions — and likely title combatants — Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel.
LIVE stream every 2018 FIA Formula One Championship race on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
TV GUIDE: Where to watch the Australian GP on FOX SPORTS
LISTEN: Formula 1 Australian Grand Prix Ultimate Guide — The Splash podcast
Here is the rundown of who is where ahead of the opening of hostilities at Albert Park.
MERCEDESCar: Mercedes W09Engine: Mercedes
Camera Icon The Mercedes W09 Picture: AP
No. 44 — Lewis Hamilton (GBR)No. 77 — Valtteri Bottas (FIN)
Camera Icon Bottas and Hamilton pair together for the second straight year. Picture: Getty Images
FERRARICar: Ferrari SF71HEngine: Ferrari
Camera Icon The new Ferrari was the fastest overall in pre-season testing. Picture: AFP
No. 5 — Sebastian Vettel (GER)No. 7 — Kimi Raikkonen (FIN)
Camera Icon Raikkonen and Vettel lead Ferrari's fortunes for the fourth straight season. Picture: AFP
RED BULLCar: Red Bull RB14Engine: TAG Heuer (Renault)
Camera Icon Red Bull had their best run through pre-season testing in recent memory. Picture: Getty Images
No. 3 — Daniel Ricciardo (AUS)No. 33 — Max Verstappen (NED)
Camera Icon Team boss Christian Horner believes he has the best driver line-up in F1. Picture: Getty Images
FORCE INDIACar: Force India VJM11Engine: Mercedes
Camera Icon It is suspected Force India may reveal a name change prior to the 2018 season. Picture: Getty Images
No. 11 — Sergio Perez (MEX)No. 31 — Esteban Ocon (FRA)
Camera Icon The burgeoning rivalry between Ocon (L) and Perez flared several times in 2017. Picture: Getty Images
WILLIAMSCar: Williams FW41Engine: Mercedes
Camera Icon Robert Kubica is the team's test/reserve driver for 2018. Picture: Getty Images
No. 18 — Lance Stroll (CDN)No. 35 — Sergey Sirotkin (RUS)
Camera Icon Williams has the most inexperienced driver line-up in F1, with Stroll entering his second season and Sirotkin a rookie. Picture: Getty Images
RENAULTCar: Renault RS18Engine: Renault
Camera Icon The new Renault has been highly impressive in pre-season testing. Picture: Getty Images
No. 27 — Nico Hulkenberg (GER)No. 55 — Carlos Sainz (ESP)
Camera Icon Sainz joined Hulkenberg at Renault with four races left in the 2017 season. Picture: Getty Images
SCUDERIA TORO ROSSOCar: Scuderia Toro Rosso STR13Engine: Honda
Camera Icon STR enjoyed a reliable beginning to their partnership with Honda in testing. Picture: Getty Images
No. 10 — Pierre Gasly (FRA)No. 28 — Brendon Hartley (NZL)
Camera Icon Gasly (L) and Hartley received their F1 debuts with STR late last year. Picture: Getty Images
HAAS F1Car: Haas VF-18Engine: Ferrari
Camera Icon Haas is another team whose 2018 car has logged impressive performance in testing. Picture: Getty Images
No. 8 — Romain Grosjean (FRA)No. 20 — Kevin Magnussen (DAN)
Camera Icon Magnussen (L) and Grosjean pair up for the second season in a row. Picture: Getty Images
MCLARENCar: McLaren MCL33Engine: Renault
Camera Icon McLaren is running traditional Papaya Orange and blue in 2018. Picture: Getty Images
No. 2 — Stoffel Vandoorne (BEL)No. 14 — Fernando Alonso (ESP)
Camera Icon Vandoorne (L) and Alonso will be powered by Renault engines this year. Picture: AFP
ALFA ROMEO SAUBERCar: Sauber C37Engine: Ferrari
Camera Icon 2018 marks the first year of Alfa Romeo's partnership with the Swiss team. Picture: Getty Images
No. 9 — Marcus Ericsson (SWE)No. 16 — Charles Leclerc (FRA)
Japan, South Korea and the US began joint military exercises on Monday to test their ability to track potential ballistic missile launches from North Korea, as tensions on the Korean Peninsula continue to build with few signs of calming.
The two-day exercise took place in the Sea of Japan and involved four warships: the Japanese JDS Chokai guided missile destroyer, the South Korean DDG Seoae Ryu Seong-ryong destroyer, and the American USS Stethem and Decatur guided missile destroyers.
All of them were equipped with the Aegis ballistic missile defense system. The American-made missile defense system is meant to detect, track and shoot down incoming missiles. "During the drill, Aegis warships from each country will simulate detecting and tracking down potential ballistic missiles from the North and sharing information," the South Korean Defense Ministry wrote.
© AP Photo/ Ng Han Guan, File 'China Can Do More': US Prodding Beijing to Get Tough on North Korea
This is the sixth trilateral drill between the three nations since June 2016.
The drill comes after a Pyongyang test of their new intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), the Hwasong-15, in late November. While the test failed due to the missile's faulty re-entry mechanism, the Hwasong-15 was shown to have nearly global reach. North Korea declared that they had officially achieved nuclear statehood, sending peninsula tensions skyrocketing.
Shortly after the Hwasong-15 test, the US and South Korea began their largest ever joint air drill, Vigilant Ace. The exercises involved 230 aircraft, including F-22 and F-35 stealth fighters and B-1B strategic bombers that can be equipped with nuclear payloads. Nearly 12,000 American soldiers participated in the drills over the unfriendly skies of the Korean Peninsula.
While Vigilant Ace is an annual exercise that had been announced long in advance, it brought criticism of the US from Moscow and Beijing. The US' fellows on the UN Security Council chastised the Americans for continuing a cycle of provocation with Pyongyang.
"The situation is in a vicious cycle of provocation and confrontation. This is not conducive to regional peace and stability," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said during a press conference. "If such a vicious cycle continues and leads to a very bad result, it serves no party's interest."
South Korean President Moon Jae-in has traveled to Beijing for a summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping, meant to smooth over relations. Although overshadowed by the broader problem of North Korea's missile program, China has been vocally displeased with South Korea's deployment of the American-made Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) earlier in 2017 and the general strengthening of military ties between Seoul and Washington.
Meanwhile, Gen. Valery Gerasimov, chief of the General Staff of the Russian military, met with Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera in Tokyo and called on the Japanese government to push for a peaceful resolution to the crisis.
"We believe that this issue should only be resolved through political and diplomatic means," Gerasimov said, according to a statement from the Russian Defense Ministry. He criticized Japanese participation in military exercises as threatening to "destabilize the situation."
Onodera replied that "North Korea's nuclear and missile development are significant threats against the international community. I want us to cooperate over this problem."
China is North Korea's dominant trade partner, accounting for over three quarters of all their foreign trade. Russia is a distant second. Both nations have agreed to UN sanctions levied against North Korea as retaliation for the expansion of their nuclear missile program.
March 31Tianjin Zhongxin Pharmaceutical Group Corp Ltd :
* Says it will use up to 6.5 million yuan to buy 20 percent stake in its Chinese medicine controlling unit, which is in charge of Bozhou industrial park construction project
* It will hold 71 percent stake in the Chinese medicine unit after transaction
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/0p4bm9
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The majority of patients who spent time at UHG this year were very satisfied with the care they received.
The results of Ireland's first ever national survey on patients' experience have been published today.
The survey was carried out in May on patients who had been discharged from the public hospital system.
Of 1743 eligible patients at UHG, over half responded to the survey.
The Galway results show over half of patients surveyed described their admission, care and treatment as ‘very good.'
However, 3 out of four patients waited over six hours for admission to a ward.
One in three UHG patients described the hospital food offering as ‘fair or poor,' while one in three also said they were not fully informed about medication side-effects.
In general, the vast majority of patients said they always had confidence and trust in the staff treating them.
But 48% said they were not given any written or printed advice on what they should or shouldn't do after leaving hospital.
In a statement to Galway Bay fm news, UHG says it's happy with the overall results of the survey, and aims to make improvements in areas flagged by the study.
Guntur: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu landed in controversy, after he posted a picture with a rescued victim of alleged sexual abuse and her family online through his social media account, thus violating the law which prohibits the identification of a minor victim.
On April 21, the young girl, a native of Guntur, was abducted by a 45-year old Nageshwar Rao and taken to Kashmir. After obtaining reports of this, the police conducted a rescue operation to gain access to her, and subsequently succeeded in bringing her back home in 45 days.
The police then filed a case against the accused under Section 376 (Rape), 376 (i), (m) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), and sections under POCSO and Nirbhaya Act.
After the rescue operation, the family, along with the survivor, met Chief Minister Chandra Babu Naidu. Commemorating this, Naidu, through his social media account, posted a picture with the teenager and her kin, which was later deleted.
However, the damage had already been done by then, since the girl's identity was revealed in public, violating the norms of the IPC.
According to Section 23 (2) of the POCSO Act, 'No reports in any media shall disclose, the identity of a child including his name, address, photograph, family details, school, neighbourhood or any other particulars which may lead to disclosure of identity of the child'. The only exception is if a Special Court, competent to try the case under the Act, may permit such disclosure.'
Section 74 of the Juvenile Justice (care and protection of children) Act, 2015 says, 'No report in any newspaper, magazine, news-sheet or audio-visual media or other forms of communication regarding any inquiry or investigation or judicial procedure, shall disclose the name, address or school or any other particular, which may lead to the identification of a child in conflict with law.'
The NFL released its end-of-season top-50 jersey sales this week, and two Vikings wide receivers made the list.
Stefon Diggs came in at No. 32, while Adam Thielen was at No. 21.
For Thielen, what a crazy story considering six years ago he was playing football at Division II Minnesota State University, Mankato.
Notable players Thielen ranked ahead of included Le'Veon Bell, Drew Brees, Richard Sherman, Matt Ryan, Todd Gurley and Eli Manning.
That's pretty remarkable.
Thielen made his first Pro Bowl last season after catching 91 passes for 1,276 yards and four touchdowns. In 2016, he was also effective, finishing with 69 catches for 967 yards and five touchdowns.
With Kirk Cousins in Minnesota now, Thielen should find even more success on the field, although there's a decent chance Cousins overtakes Thielen in the jersey sales battle.
Source: Lorraine O'Sullivan/INPHO
DAVY RUSSELL AND The Storyteller landed the Growise Champion Novice Chase on the opening day of the Punchestown Festival in a bizarre finish that could tilt the trainers' championship in Gordon Elliott's favour.
After a huge treble for Willie Mullins early on Tuesday with Draconien, True Self and Un de Sceaux all winning, Elliott struck back when Commander of Fleet won the Goffs Land Rover Bumper.
Mullins looked set to land another significant blow in the three-mile novice chase, the final Grade One of the day, when the favourite Monalee fell and Invitation Only unseated jockey David Mullins two out, leaving Al Boum Photo and Paul Townend with the race at their mercy coming to the last.
But in one of the craziest finishes seen at the Kildare track, Townend steered the leader sharply across the track, carrying out the approaching Finian's Oscar before crashing through the rail.
It left Russell and The Storyteller with the most simple of tasks as they cleared the last and ran on uncontested to win by six lengths from Monbeg Notorious.
Townend was later handed a 21-day for dangerous riding by stewards, the Racing Post reported.
A hugely dramatic finish to the Champion Novice Chase #PunchestownFestival https://t.co/3qP47H9Tlr pic.twitter.com/f4INvhi4h3 — RTÉ Racing (@RTEracing) April 24, 2018
Speaking on At The Races, Mick Fitzgerald was at a loss to explain what had happened.
“I wonder has somebody shouted something at Paul Townend to make him do this?” he said.
“You can see there's two people down there [beside the fence] but they're not really moving, and you wonder has somebody said something to him and that's made him take the eye off the ball. You don't know.
“He's just had an absolute moment, Paul, where he thought ‘I shouldn't jump this', but why has he done that?”
Elliott's lead over Mullins in the trainers' championship stands at €405,839 after the festival's first day.
Punchestown – Tuesday's results
15.40: 1. Just Wait And See (16/1) 2. Blue Templar (7/4 fav) 3. Festival Opera (8/1)
1. Just Wait And See (16/1) 2. Blue Templar (7/4 fav) 3. Festival Opera (8/1) 16.20: 1. Draconien (25/1) 2. Vision des Flos (11/1) 3. Mengli Khan (11/2 j2fav)
1. Draconien (25/1) 2. Vision des Flos (11/1) 3. Mengli Khan (11/2 j2fav) 16.55: 1. True Self (12/1) 2. Joey Sasa (14/1) 3. Light That (25/1) 4. Low Sun (9/1 2fav)
1. True Self (12/1) 2. Joey Sasa (14/1) 3. Light That (25/1) 4. Low Sun (9/1 2fav) 17.30: 1. Un de Sceaux (9/2) 2. Douvan (4/5 fav) 3. A Toi Phil (33/1)
1. Un de Sceaux (9/2) 2. Douvan (4/5 fav) 3. A Toi Phil (33/1) 18.05: 1. Commander of Fleet (5/1 2fav) 2. Column of Fire (12/1) 3. Santana Plessis (20/1)
1. Commander of Fleet (5/1 2fav) 2. Column of Fire (12/1) 3. Santana Plessis (20/1) 18.40: 1. The Storyteller (16/1) 2. Monbeg Notorious (33/1) 3. Jury Duty (16/1)
1. The Storyteller (16/1) 2. Monbeg Notorious (33/1) 3. Jury Duty (16/1) 19.15: Kalum River (16/1) 2. Barrington Court (8/1) 3. Sams Profile (14/1)
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Bill Clinton School, VGCF, Class X results are 100% declared by CBSE Board. Out of 44 Students 43 of them have scored First division and 16 Students have scored Distinction. The excellent performance by Students has made the Institution proud and has motivated Students and Staff to perform better in the future.
The Bill Clinton School authorities had congratulated the Students for achieving good score in Class X results. They also congratulated their Parents and Teachers, who acted as a Potter in Shaping the Future of the Students and shared their pleasure. The Students had worked hard and were consistent throughout the year. They had never counted the number of hours they had studied and Teachers and Parents had never pressurized them.
Mr. A. D. Sharma, Chairman, Bill Clinton School, said, “Hard work and dedication is the only mantra in the journey to success. Being passionate and the willingness to work hard, can only achieve success in life. Our Students have proved that and we are very happy and proud to see the results of Class X Students and wish them good luck for their bright future.”
Mr. Sharma added, “I take this opportunity to also thank my dedicated staff of the schools whose commitment has helped students achieve their goals President at Ramrati Education Complex at Rampur, Principal Bill Clinton School and the dedicated Teachers have done remarkable job in achieving this result.”
About Vinod Gupta Charitable Foundation
Vinod Gupta Charitable Foundation, (VGCF) is an amalgam of devoted hands and strong minds for providing outstanding quality education to the next generation. The overarching aim of the foundation is to empower women and girls of marginalized groups through sustainable initiatives in the field of education, which will enable them to be economically and socially secure. It was started as a society under the Societies Registration Act XXI of 1960 in Delhi on 4th July, 1997. The foundation is first in introducing non-technical education in IIT, Kharagpur. Vinod Gupta School of Management and Rajiv Gandhi School of Intellectual Property Law are such significant projects set up by the foundation in IIT, Kharagpur. Besides this, many educational institutions were established and run through charity activities of the foundation. While Ramrati Education Complex at Rampur Maniharan in Saharanpur Dist is run by the foundation itself, Dr Giri Lal Gupta School for Public Health and Dr Shanker Dayal Sharma Institute of Democracy in the campus of Lucknow University were established by the foundation and subsequently handed over to the university.
The foundation is named after its founder Mr Vinod Gupta, an NRI and now a well established entrepreneur in the United States of America. He was born on 4th July, 1946 in Rampur Maniharan, Uttar Pradesh and after completing his B tech from IIT, Kharagpur, he left for America to pursue his higher education and then permanently settled there. The Board of Governors of the foundation comprises of eminent people. The Chairman, Mr Ashutosh Dayal Sharma is the Chairman of Quest V.C Pvt Ltd and son of former President of India Dr Shanker Dayal Sharma, and Mr BK Goswami, Member Board of Governors and its first Chairman, is a Retd IAS and former Chief Advisor to Govt of UP and J&K.
GERMANY'S Davis Cup team is mystified by Australia's refusal to play in-form Nick Kyrgios in a doubles match which left the hosts one loss from elimination in 2018.
Australian captain Lleyton Hewitt's decision to play first-time doubles combination John Peers and Matt Ebden in a five-sets loss to Jan-Lennard Struff and Tim Puetz at Pat Rafter Arena was lapped up by German captain Michael Kohlmann.
Australia, down 2-1 in the tie, need to win both Sunday's two remaining singles matches and both would be contrary to rankings.
A win by Germany would drop a match to the powder-keg argument begun in Australian tennis by Bernard Tomic's boast that the team cannot win a Davis Cup title without him.
Camera Icon Australian pair Matt Ebden and John Peers were beaten in five sets. Picture: AP
Kyrgios, ranked No.14, squares off against world No.5 Alexander Zverev, with 18-year-old Australian Alex de Minaur, ranked No.139, later scheduled to meet world No.58 Struff in the fifth and final rubber.
“When I heard they weren't making a change to their team (of Peers and Ebden in the doubles), I had a very good feeling because I thought Nick was playing doubles for sure,'' Kohlmann said after his team's 6-4 6-7 (1-7) 6-2 6-7 (4-7) 6-4 doubles victory.
“Nick played one hour, 30 minutes yesterday and I don't know if he was sweating because he was serving huge bombs.
“They (Peers and Ebden) haven't played together and Davis Cup doubles is not only about tennis – it's about how you connect together and my guys would connect better together.''
Asked if John Millman's practice session with Kyrgios was a pointer to the 108th-ranked Queenslander playing the fifth match as a replacement for the weary de Minaur, Hewitt said: “You can read into it that Alex had a long match yesterday, nearly four hours.
“Hopefully he pulls up well – we'll cross that bridge if we come to it. That's all stuff we will talk about after they get treatment.''
Camera Icon Lleyton Hewitt took a gamble in the doubles. Picture: AP
It will be an academic exercise if Kyrgios cannot take a fourth win from five senior matches against Zverev.
“I'm glad I have Nick on my side – he has played so well for us in the past,'' Hewitt said.
Kyrgios had played ­doubles once only in his previous nine Davis Cup ties, losing that match.
“Matt and I practised well all week and that's not the reason (we lost),'' said Peers, the world's No.4 doubles player.
Tomic burnt his bridges with the Australian team last week by saying on national TV they could not win the Davis Cup without him.
Idris Elba is "shy".
The 'Mountain Between Us' actor is baffled when he is described as "fun and cool" because he insists he is very different, and claims people are always disappointed when they meet him because he isn't as "exciting" as they expect.
He told Red magazine: "I wouldn't say I have much of an outgoing personality. I'm pretty shy.
"It's interesting how people describe me because I'm not Mr Life-of-the-Party. I'm a bit of a homebody if I'm honest. But I'm never at home.
"It's not meant to be sad, it's just when people describe me i think, I'm not that fun and I'm not that cool.
"I can be. I have partied. But people get disappointed when they meet me because they expect me to be really confident and exciting and I'm like, 'Nah, I'm going home now.' "
The 45-year-old actor landed his first role in the 1990s BBC sitcom '2 Point 4 Children' and was excited to be earning money and dreamed of being a "superstar", but he admits now he wishes he'd slowed things down.
He said: "I got this huge cheque in the post and was like, 'F***ing hell, this is my money. And this is for acting! Are you joking?' I had done so many different jobs so to get that much money for one thing was incredible."
Asked how he'd advise his younger self, he said: "Save your money. I was not used to having money so I was just loving it and spending it, living cheque to cheque.
"When you're 10 years old and you dream about being an actor, all you dream about is being a superstar. But for me, if I choose a lane I stifle my creativity."
Karolína Plíšková, seeded No. 7 in women's tennis, has reached the third round of Wimbledon for the first time in her career.
On Wednesday afternoon, she dismissed rival Victoria Azarenka of Belarus in straight sets on Centre Court, by scores of 6:3, 6:3. Both women are former World No.1s.
EMBARRASSED J-LEAGUE officials issued an apology on Wednesday after announcing that Spanish World Cup winner Fernando Torres had completed a transfer to Japanese club Sagan Tosu.
But the leaked post, which was dated 31 May but hastily removed from the J-League's official website, could still signal Torres's arrival in Japan after speculation linking the former Liverpool striker with a move.
Before being deleted, the news was widely shared on social media, triggering rumours of a formal announcement from Kyushu-based Sagan.
Japan's professional football league, which was launched in 1993, welcomed Barcelona icon Andres Iniesta to rival club Vissel Kobe last week.
On its official Twitter feed the J-League apologised for the gaffe.
“We deeply apologise to staff and fans of Sagan Tosu for the misunderstanding,” officials tweeted.
Ex-Chelsea striker Torres, who scored the winner for Spain in Euro 2008 final and also won the 2010 World Cup and another European title in 2012, is leaving his boyhood club Atletico Madrid.
The 34-year-old has also been linked with a move to the Major League Soccer's Chicago Fire.
But Sagan, who are languishing second from bottom of the J-League first division, have emerged as a candidate to sign Torres as they look to ease their relegation fears.
© – AFP 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
[India], May 31 (ANI): Following the marginal one paisa cut in the fuel prices, former Petroleum and Natural Gas Minister M. Veerappa Moily called the Centre, 'cruel'.
Talking to media, the former Union Minister said, "Reducing one paisa on petrol is meaningless. This shows that he is mocking the people. These people are putting a lot of excise duty which we have not done during our regime. This is totally burdensome. People are suffering. When in entire Asia the price is so much down, the price in India is very much high. So, it is a very cruel way of dealing with it."
Yesterday, the Indian Oil Corporation (IOCL), in a statement, said that the petrol prices in Delhi have gone down by one paisa. On Wednesday, in Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai and Chennai, petrol retailed at Rs 78.42, Rs 81.05, Rs 86.23 and Rs 81.42 per litre respectively while diesel sold at Rs 69.50, Rs 71.85, Rs 73.78 and Rs 73.17 per litre in Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai and Chennai respectively. On a related note, Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan has announced that the state government will reduce the prices of petrol and diesel by Rs.1 in the state. Prices vary from state to state depending on local sales tax or VAT. Delhi has the cheapest price among all metros and most state capitals. Earlier, Petroleum and Natural Gas Minister Dharmendra Pradhan on May 28 attributed the rise in fuel price to the increase in the cost of crude oil in the international market and the rupee-dollar exchange rate. (ANI)
[India] Apr 24 (ANI): 'Congress will come back to power', said Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah, who addressed a political rally in Badami, while campaigning for the state legislative assembly election.
"I have come here as the Chief Minister candidate and Congress will come back to power. There is no doubt about it. I will put Badami in the first place in the development of the state," said the Karnataka CM.
Earlier today he filed his nomination from Badami constituency.
Further in his speech, he said that it is only after the request made to him by the local leaders, he decided to contest from Badami.
"I decided to contest from Badami when local leaders requested me. They told me 'you needn't come here for campaigning, we'll do the rest'. I filed nomination (for Badami) on their request and party high command's directions," he added. Karnataka will go to polls on May 12 to elect representatives to the 225-member state assembly. The results will be out on May 15. (ANI)
"These offences were carried out in a fit of extreme violence towards his partner and children and it was clear it was fuelled by a concoction of drugs and alcohol which, quite rightly, has not been advanced as an excuse or as something which provides mitigation,” said Judge John Aylmer prior to sentencing Daniel McGreevy to three years in prison with the final year suspended and the sentence backdated to November 5, 2017, the date of the offences and his arrest.
Flagged down member of the public
The court heard from Sgt Brian Lee who gave evidence of a report being received at Carrick-on-Shannon Garda Station shortly after midnight on the date in question.
Sgt Lee said a motorist travelling on the Drumsna road at Garvlough, Carrick-on-Shannon was flagged down by a member of the public using a light from their mobile phone to seek help. The woman was accompanied by an infant with the motorist quickly noticing a man (Mr McGreevy) stripped from the waist up.
Mr McGreevy, with addresses at Garvlough, Carrick-on-Shannon and Castlerea Prison was said to have shouted, “F**king go, go,” in the direction of the motorist who became afraid and left before subsequently phoning the Gardaí.
Gardaí arrived at the house between 12.25 and 12.30am. Mr McGreevy emerged from the house and was said to be “highly aggressive” towards the two female Gardaí.
Mr McGreevy was said to have shouted at the Gardaí to “Get to f**k off my property” and not to come back unless they had a warrant.
Pinned against the wall
The two Gardaí left the scene with Sgt Lee and five colleagues attending the house shortly afterwards.
In evidence Sgt Lee said they stopped discreetly before arriving at the house and observed all the lights were on in the rooms downstairs and the curtains were open.
“I could see Daniel McGreevy had Shauna Fitzpatrick pinned against the wall and was shouting.”
Sgt Lee continued, “Shauna Fitzpatrick was holding an infant of 11 days and to say she looked afraid would be an understatement.”
Gardaí went to the front door of the house where they were met by the defendant who was shouting, ‘Have you a warrant?”
Gardaí entered the house using force under the Child Protection Act where they met Shauna Fitzpatrick who said she thought Mr McGreevy was going to kill her and her children.
In another room Gardaí discovered a child hiding under a blanket and also observed a Moses basket overturned.
Threw baby out the door
Gardaí were told the defendant had thrown the 11 day old baby out the door with the baby nearly falling out of its basket and a four year child was thrown from his bed.
The injured parties were removed from the scene and the defendant was arrested.
Sgt Lee said the following day the defendant was interviewed while on remand in Castlerea, replying he could not remember the events of the night. He denied putting pressure on Ms Fitzpatrick to withdraw her statements.
“He was in no way able to help. He said he couldn't remember.” Sgt Lee said the defendant indicated “some remorse,” but noted, “A lot of his replies were ‘no comment'.”
Following a High Court order a number of phone calls made by the defendant to Ms Fitzpatrick were recorded.
Sgt Lee gave evidence detailing the first interview given to Gardaí on November 6 in which she said the incident started at 9 or 10pm. Mr McGreevy “started shouting and grabbing her hair and boxed her in the head.”
The court heard the defendant's cousins and a nephew who were in their 20s were in the house but did not intervene.
Threats to stab
Mr McGreevy was said to have threatened to stab Ms Fitzpatrick and the four year old was said to have been “crying frantically.” Mr McGreevy was reported to have said, “He would stab her if the baby didn't stop crying.”
Sgt Lee said he later returned to the house having obtained a warrant and knife marks were visible.
Evidence of Ms Fitzpatrick's second statement was also given in which she said the defendant tried to feed the 11 day old baby with a scalding hot bottle.
Sgt Lee said three males who were in the house on the night in question, a nephew and two cousins of the defendant refused to give statements.
Sgt Lee asked one of the men why they left the house to which he replied, “Did you want the three of us to be killed?”
Sgt Lee added, “They didn't assist matters any further.”
The court heard the defendant is 31-years-old and is originally from Clondalkin, Dublin and has a total of 30 previous convictions for offences primarily for drug and road traffic offences.
Sgt Lee added, “The injured party wants to give evidence but feels too nervous. She has nightmares and flashbacks like a video playing in her head.”
Defence
During cross-examination Eileen O'Leary BL (defence) referred to an interview given to Gardaí in which he said, “I'm disgusted. I loved Shauna and the kids more than anything in the world.”
When asked by Ms O'Leary if he thought the defendant was remorseful, Sgt Lee replied, “Yes on the one hand but he was continuously seeking money in the initial months after the incident.”
Ms O'Leary referred to the defendant's background saying he had become exposed to drugs at a young age while his mother died when he was 14 , a sister died in 2003 and a brother died in 2004 and in 2007 his best friend was murdered.
“Those deaths had a devastating effect on him and he turned to drugs. He has been struggling with drug abuse since he was 16.”
Addressing Judge Aylmer, Ms O'Leary said, “It is a terribly serious assault, I wouldn't want to try to minimise the seriousness of it. I ask you to offer him the opportunity to continue to rehabilitate himself.”
Guilty plea
Having heard the evidence Judge Aylmer commented, “The offences are on the upper end of the scale of domestic violence, that is the assault on his partner and the assault on his children and as such each of the counts would merit the sentence of four years in prison before taking into account mitigating circumstances,” he said.
Judge Aylmer outlined the mitigating circumstances as an early guilty plea, that none of his previous convictions were for violence and so these offences were out of character.
He also noted that while on remand since 6 November 2017, Mr McGreevy has commenced rehabilitation by completing an introductory course into anger management and has been seeking treatment for his drug addiction. The Judge said he has expressed some remorse to his ex partner by way of letters and to the Gardai.
He said it is fortunate there are no long term physical injuries to the victims although it is clear the psychological effect on them must be long term.
He also noted there is an underlying drug and alcohol addiction problem and Mr McGreevy is a person who had a difficult upbringing. The Judge said he is “badly in need of rehabilitation and counselling and must be encouraged in that.”
He reduced the sentence to three years on each count of assault causing harm; production of an article (knife) capable of causing harm and endangerment of the 11 day old baby. The sentences are to run concurrently, backdated to November 5, 2017, the date of the offences and his arrest.
He then proposed to incentivise him by suspending the last 12 months of the sentence on condition he enters a bond of €100 and be of good behaviour for two years and during that time he abstains completely from alcohol, drugs and any other unprescribed intoxicants and remain under the supervision of the Probation Service and follow all recommendations and instructions of the Probation Officer.
During that time he must also avail of and access all support, counselling and therapeutic programmes recommended and made available to him by the Probation Service in relation to intimate partner violence, drug addiction, alcohol addiction, anger management and any other matter deemed appropriate.
District Court
Daniel McGreevy, Garvlough, Carrick-on-Shannon also appeared in Carrick-on-Shannon District Court on Monday, July 2 to face charges relating to the same incident above which were not added to the indictment for the Circuit Court last week.
Mr McGreevy was convicted and sentenced to five months in prison for boxing Shauna Fitzpatrick in the head (section 2 assault) and five months concurrent for violently shaking the 11 day old infant Daniel Fitzpatrick (section 2 assault).
The sentence is due to start from July 2, 2018. The three other assaults on Shauna Fitzpatrick, as well as criminal damage and public order offences on the same night were taken into consideration.
Sgt Brian Lee explained that the defendant threw the Moses basket, with the 11 day old baby inside it, out the door, breaking the Moses basket. He also said a lamp was broken after being thrown at Shauna Fitzpatrick.
He told the court the violence was understood to have occurred between 9pm and 1am.
Four year old crying under blankets
Sgt Lee said when he arrived he witnessed the defendant pinning up Shauna Fitzpatrick with his hand on her chest and another “around her neck.” He added Ms Fitzpatrick was “holding the baby at the time.”
The Gardai said Ms Fitzpatrick was traumatised and “she thought he was going to kill her and the kids.” They found the four-year-old “crying under the blankets in another room.”
Sgt Brian Lee said the defendant was “somewhat remorseful” the next morning but could not remember the events, Sgt Lee understood he had been “celebrating the new baby” and drinking that night.
The defence outlined their client's “difficult background” which included the deaths of his mother and two siblings close together, when he was a teenager.
Judge Kevin Kilrane called it a “night of terror” fuelled by alcohol. He said it was very fortunate that “nobody was killed, that the infant was not killed.”
He added the “appalling incident was the most violent domestic dispute.”
If you are affected by anything in this report please contact Women's Aid Freephone Helpline 1800 341 900 or DVAS Domestic Violence Advocacy Service for Sligo, Leitrim and West Cavan Helpline: 071 9141515.
THE State Government will pay to repatriate the body of Nitisha Negi back to her family in India.
Sports Minister Leon Bignell on Monday described the death of the 15-year-old Pacific School Games participant as a “huge tragedy”.
“We've stepped in as a government with counselling services, which are already underway, and we'll also pay the costs of getting this young girl back to India,” he said.
Mr Bignell said the Government had been in touch with the girl's family and representatives from the Indian Consular General's Office in Sydney had arrived in Adelaide to provide further support.
School Sport Australia President Graeme Jennings said: “All involved in the games send our condolences to the Indian team, family and friends of the deceased student.
“The thoughts of all in the Pacific School Games family are also with the four members of the team who are still in hospital.”
Pacific School Games Indian Liaison Officer Surender Chahal said the Indian community was “deeply saddened” by Nitisha's death.
“The thoughts of the Indian players, staff and all Indians are with her family and friends at this sad time,” he said. “It's very hard to believe.”
http://www.adelaidenow.com.au/news/south-australia/desperate-search-for-girl-missing-off-glenelg-beach/image-gallery/78c33bc4a694a54208830563a84d80a3
It is understood most of the Indian team left Australia late on Sunday.
Frida Meares, 12, was one of the first to alert lifesavers after seeing girls waving in the water near the rocks at Holdfast Marina about 5.50pm on Sunday.
“We heard screams and people in distress,” she said.
“Without thinking, I started to run towards the lifesavers ... they all stood up when they saw me.
Matildas captain Melissa Barbieri also tweeted about the tragedy.
“My heartfelt condolences to family and teammates of a young Indian footballer who has tragically lost her life yesterday in waters off Glenelg,” she wrote.
The international week-long event finished on Saturday.
It had about 4000 participants from 15 countries in primary and senior school competing in 11 sports.
France U20s 34
Ireland U20s 24
NOEL MCNAMARA'S IRELAND began their U20s Six Nations campaign in defeat, but an extraordinary second half in Bordeaux offered positives aplenty for the torunament's remainder as they pushed France to the brink in unlikely circumstances.
The first half, however, was an absolute disaster.
Ireland already trailed by three from the boot of Romain Ntamack – son of the great Emile who won 46 caps for France between 1994 and 2000 – when further indiscipline on their behalf saw the French out-half march his side towards the Irish line.
And it was the gifted 10, too – playing in his second U20s championship only due to Matthieu Jalibert's involvement with the senior side – who rubber-stamped France's early advantage.
A stellar rearguard effort by Ireland, with Ronan Kelleher and Matthew Dalton in particular rebuffing the blue wave, would eventually be breached: a dog leg in the Irish defence – David McCarthy came up hard and Aaron Hall kept his line – saw Ntamack slide over, literally, from five yards – the greasy surface aiding his efforts from close range.
He split the posts with his conversion to move France into a 10-0 lead.
Ireland responded well, building phases and surviving a misplaced pass – which cost them a third of the pitch in yardage – to charge back into French territory. A needless offload by centre McCarthy put paid to their momentum as it found French mitts, but three points from the boot of Harry Byrne eventually put the visitors on the scoreboard.
France, though, were only getting started.
For all the talk of Daniel Brennan – son of former Ireland international Trevor (whose game incidentally ended on the half-hour mark due to an arm injury) – it was another Frenchman with an Irish-ish name, Killian Geraci, who set up France's second: the towering lock claimed a lineout from the stratosphere before popping the ball to onrushing flanker Cameron Woki, who rounded the Irish defence to finish a well-rehearsed move.
Moments after the restart, that man Ntamack again was off to the races, scything through two would-be tacklers before taking off for the corner and his second try of the game. Having missed the extras following Woki's score, he slotted the conversion for his own to extend France's lead to 22-3.
Romain Ntamack celebrates scoring his second try Source: Bryan Keane/INPHO
Thankfully for Noel McNamara's stunned charges, it didn't get any worse before the interval, but their response to two quickfire scores was fairly timid; by then, Ireland were losing the collision, and all but the impressive Munster 8 Jack O'Sullivan were struggling to make inroads. Even the UCC club man's carries, though, were few and far between.
To McNamara's credit as well as their own, Ireland began the second half in composed fashion. Replacement Sean Masterson produced a superb turnover with his side under the cosh, and while applying more width, Ireland began to gain a foothold in the French half.
On 50 minutes, the increasingly effective Harry Byrne – whose territorial kicking was near flawless throughout – prodded a beautifully-weighted kick beyond the French fullback. The oncoming Tommy O'Brien and Michael Silvester raced to dot the bouncing ball down, and though captain O'Brien got the final touch, Ireland were awarded a penalty try – as well as 10 minutes with an extra body – due to Silvester being taken out as he loomed large over the ball.
The resurgent Irish were back inside the French five-metre line just over a minute later on the back of a Byrne kick to touch after a collapsed maul, but from the resulting lineout maul, the home side drove them into touch with minimal fuss.
Les Bleus couldn't escape their own 22, however. A lineout from Ireland in a similar position on 59 minutes saw the visitors once more form a maul before scrum-half Jonny Stewart channeled his inner-Stringer-versus-Biarritz and ghosted around its flank to touch down magnificently in the right-hand corner.
Byrne's conversion from the touchline – the so-called bad side for a right-footed kicker – was utterly sublime, and with 20 minutes remaining, Ireland had reduced France's advantage to five points.
Source: Bryan Keane/INPHO
France would operate with a fresh half-back partnership for the remainder, with Ntamack in particular receiving a hero's acclaim as he strutted off the park to be replaced by Louis Carbonel on the 57-minute mark.
It didn't impact them hugely. Not minutes after Carbonel had restarted proceedings France stretched their lead back out to 10 somewhat fortuitously: a probing kick caused ructions in the Irish defence and the TMO adjudged the oncoming man in blue not to have knocked the bobbling ball forward as it crossed the visitors' line. Julien Gimbert was the eventual benefactor.
His try was promptly awarded, but Carbonel was off-target with his conversion attempt.
With French tails up, Peter Sullivan and substitute scrum-half Hugh O'Sullivan were forced to foil another assault in the same left-hand corner, with the former intervening upon a last-ditch offload as the latter put his weight behind an otherwise try-saving tackle.
The final 10 minutes saw an enthralling game descend – or perhaps ascend – to pure madness. With six remaining, Ireland – whose spirit never wavered – halved the deficit and then some.
Left wing James McCarthy put the finishing touches on a fine team move after a wonderful one-two with his fellow Munsterman and McCarthy, David.
Byrne, once more, did the rest with that metronomic right boot, and the scoreline suddenly read 27-24.
James McCarthy crosses for Ireland's third try. Source: Bryan Keane/INPHO
But the French weren't to be denied on this occasion: having ferociously forced their way deep into Irish land with four minutes remaining, a colossal defensive effort from the men in green – which initially saw Killian Geraci held up over the line – would eventually give way to the game's decisive score.
From the resulting five-metre scrum, France patiently chipped away at the Irish line, eventually bashing their way over via replacement prop Demba Bamba.
Carbonel's kick was redundant as Ireland's goose was already cooked, but he knocked it over anyway to see France out the gap at 34-24.
McNamara's men were unfortunate not to escape with a losing bonus point and will take with them plenty of momentum from a second half in which they outscored their hosts by 21 points to 12, but a loss is a loss is a loss.
Ultimately, three crazy first-half minutes would gift France a lead which was unassailable if only just.
Ireland U20 Captain Tommy O'Brien says Ireland will be looking to build on tonight's second half performance.#FutureIsGreen #FRAvIRE pic.twitter.com/gSxrOHfG20 — Irish Rugby (@IrishRugby) February 2, 2018
Ireland U20 v France
15. Michael Silvester (Dublin University/Leinster)
14. Peter Sullivan (Lansdowne FC/Leinster)
13. David McCarthy (Garryowen/Munster)
12. Tommy O'Brien (UCD RFC/Leinster) (captain)
11. James McCarthy (UL Bohemian/Munster)
10. Harry Byrne (UCD RFC/Leinster)
9. Jonny Stewart (Queen's University RFC/Ulster)
1. Jordan Duggan (Naas/Leinster)
2. Ronan Kelleher (Lansdowne FC/ Leinster)
3. Jack Aungier (St. Mary's College RFC/Leinster)
4. Cormac Daly (Clontarf FC/Leinster)
5. Jack Dunne (Dublin University FC/Leinster)
6. Matthew Dalton (Malone RFC/Ulster)
7. Aaron Hall (Ballynahinch RFC/Ulster)
8. Jack O'Sullivan (UCC RFC/Munster)
Replacements
16. Diarmuid Barron (Garryowen FC/Munster)
17. James French (UCC RFC/Munster)
18.Tom O'Toole (Banbridge RFC/Ulster)
19. Ronan Coffey (Shannon RFC/Munster)
20. Sean Masterson (Corinthians RFC/Connacht)
21. Hugh O'Sullivan (Clontarf FC/Leinster)
22. Angus Curtis (Queen's University RFC/Ulster)
23. Angus Kernohan (Ballymena RFC/Ulster)
Scroll for more content...
Democrats should not be fooled by the turbulence that came at the end of the week for this administration. With stock markets falling 666 points and outrage on the airwaves about the leaked memo, some Democrats might feel that this means President Donald Trump and the Republican Party are imploding. This is the moment Democrats have been waiting for.
But the President's opponents should not get too giddy. Even with the chaos and stock market turbulence, there are some strong signs that President Trump is in the process of mounting a political comeback.
Trump's approval rating has reached 42% -- up 10 points since December -- according to the latest Monmouth University Poll. Saturday morning, the President, citing the right-leaning Rasmussen poll, tweeted that his "approval rating jumped to 49%...So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!"
Whether it's 42% or 49%, the fact remains that his approval rating is increasing. And Democrats are seeing some slippage in the generic ballot (it asks voters, without using specific names, whether they will vote for a Democrat or a Republican in the midterms) for November, which suggests that a "wave" election is not as inevitable as it looked just a few weeks ago.
Americans are feeling good
According to the latest Gallup Mood of the Nation poll, Americans are feeling pretty good right now -- compared with early 2017. Seventy-eight percent of those polled were pleased with the nation's military strength (up 12 points from last year); confidence in how secure the United States is from terrorist threats increased from 50% to 63%. Perhaps most important, consumer confidence is at a 17-year high.
In January, American employers added 200,000 jobs and wages spiked. Yes, the stock market fell, but it remains at historically high levels. And this month, workers' paychecks will grow a bit bigger as the new IRS tax withholding tables register the impact of the tax cut that passed in December.
To be sure, the massive wave of retirements from Republicans in Congress, the overall poll numbers and tumult that President Trump will inevitably continue to create, still point to a good midterm election for Democrats. The sharp drop in the stock market Friday is a reminder that the key economic indicators can swing very quickly and those changes are hard to control. But the situation is changing and Democrats should not take some of the gains seen by this administration lightly and underestimate Trump once again.
Given how wrong the prognosticators were about who would win the 2016 presidential election, these signs of resurgence should be taken seriously.
How did this comeback begin?
The political dynamics in Washington started to change around Christmas, when President Trump shed any pretense of being a true economic populist and handed corporate America the big, fat whopping tax break that it had been waiting for since the start of his presidency. The tax cut was icing on the cake after a year when the administration quietly moved forward with deregulations for the corporate and financial sectors that were issued through executive action.
The tax cut was a huge victory for the GOP. Although the measure was extremely unpopular at the time of its passage, the bet seems to be paying off. Polls now show that approval for the measure has been steadily rising.
As long as the economic trends continue, President Trump and the GOP will be in good position to claim that it's Morning in America Again, to borrow President Reagan's phrase in 1984. Regardless of who deserves the credit for the economic boom, and regardless of the very real problems still facing millions of middle- and working-class families, the numbers are strong enough to be used by Republicans on the campaign trail as a sign of success.
Trump's version of Nixon's Saturday Night Massacre
In the Trump edition, nobody actually had to be fired. With all of the experts wondering whether President Trump would get rid of Robert Mueller or a high-level FBI official, the President, with the support of congressional Republicans, undertook a different strategy that is accomplishing the same goal. They moved to discredit the entire investigation through rumors, partisan memos, scandalous innuendo and character assassination.
The President's Twitter feed has been an ongoing public relations machine to convince the country that the investigators are up to no good. The hoopla over whether or not President Trump would allow the infamous Republican memo to be seen was always beside the point. Once the news provided 24-hour coverage of the fact that some allegedly shocking memo was lurking in the committee room, the President had accomplished his goal.
It didn't really matter what was in the memo or that it was a partisan missive, just that something potentially scandalous existed. He had provided more fuel to the conspiratorial attacks the GOP has undertaken against the Russia investigation.
Although the public still supports Mueller's investigation and is dubious about the President's claims, the narrative of a "Deep State" and special investigator who attempted to throw an election and undertake a coup have taken strong hold in the national conversation. The release of the memo Friday will add fuel to the fire with its implication that the investigation was based on flawed information. In a memo that does not provide supporting intelligence and provides an incomplete portrait of how the investigation started, and why it continued, Republicans will claim to see evidence that the entire scandal was manufactured.
Trump boxed Democrats into difficult political position
The President has also made a pretty effective move on immigration. Before he became president, the young children of illegal immigrants who entered this country were protected by the "Dreamer" program that President Barack Obama implemented through executive action.
In an effort to strengthen support for his hard-line restrictionist immigration plan, which remains the centerpiece of Trump's New Deal, he created an artificial crisis by rescinding the entire program. He baited the Democrats into making the legislative restoration of DACA some kind of deal, rather than this being the President's responsibility.
Democrats, who believe in government and governance, quickly buckled to a temporary budget that did not restore DACA. Now the President has raised the stakes by promoting a deal by which he would accept legislation restoring DACA, in a more expansive structure than before, in exchange for draconian measures on the rest of immigration -- from cutting off much the inflow of legal immigrants allowed by Lyndon Johnson's 1965 legislation to building his infamous wall.
Democrats are in a position of being the deciding force as to whether DACA survives, despite the fact they don't control any branch of government. He is pitting the Dreamers against the millions of other immigrants who won't be able to come here or won't be able to stay. He would take off the table the possibility of a path to citizenship for all the illegal immigrants who have been hoping for the kind of bolder agreement that Presidents Bush and Obama pushed unsuccessfully. Proponents of a liberalized immigration plan will have no more leverage.
The Democrats have allowed the President to frame the negotiations on his terms. If they can't change the way this issue is being discussed, they will face a lose-lose situation. Either they will be held to blame for being responsible for ending DACA, which will deflate the party's base, or they will hand President Trump a massive legislative victory that could virtually cement his standing for 2020. The President would go into the midterm elections claiming that he achieved the "grand bargain," which eluded his predecessors, with legislation that liberalized certain parts of immigration while giving the hard-line right everything else that it wanted. He campaigned on building a wall and he will be able to say that he delivered. Minority leader Chuck Schumer has not been successful at keeping the focus on the GOP's responsibility to decide whether to keep DACA or deport hundreds of thousands of young people -- and might pay a steep price.
Trump still has the GOP's support
Finally, President Trump has been able to maintain partisan discipline. Despite all the complaints and big speeches from Republicans like Sens. Bob Corker and Jeff Flake, Republicans have generally remained supportive of the President—voting for his bills and avoiding any kind of proactive steps to tame his reckless behavior. The Washington Post reports that the Republican National committee is raising much more than the DNC.
Of course, President Trump remains incredibly vulnerable politically and his comeback is fragile. So, too, is the future of the Republican Party, which has now firmly thrown its reputation behind Trump and faces an extraordinarily challenging midterm election in November.
But President Trump has temporarily stopped the bleeding. Beneath the headlines about the Russia investigation is evidence that the administration is bouncing back and might be in stronger position going into the next set of elections than most of his opponents expected.
Can moving to Hawaii make you less racist?
A new study from researchers at the University of Hawaii at Manoa suggests it might.
Ninety-nine students participated in the study. They all identified as white and had been living in Hawaii less than a week when they filled out an initial questionnaire for the research. Nine months later, the same students took the same survey. Over the period, their answers had changed.
"The thing that changed the most was their ideas about race as a category," said University of Hawaii associate professor of psychology Kristin Pauker, who headed up the study. "I think there is something unique about being in an environment where everywhere you look you see someone who doesn't necessarily look like you."
Over the course of the school year, the study found, the ethnicity of other people became less important to many of the study participants.
The study, "The role of diversity exposure in race essentialism over time," was first published online last month in the journal Social Psychological and Personality Science.
So what do students feel about the study? A number that Hawaii News Now spoke to agreed that being in Hawaii can affect your views of others.
"I feel like that's true because you're exposed to other things you're not really exposed to back home," said Catriana Juarez, of Washington.
"I care more about the personality and more about behavior now," said Shin Saito, of Japan.
Kaylee Bartnes, of Washington, added: "Moving here you get such a mix of everything. You don't just think about yourself and your views. Like you see everyone's views."
But others believe views on race run much deeper.
"It depends like on your personality. Who you are as a person. Your values and your morals. How you were brought up," said Linda Benavites, of California.
Marcus Armstrong, of Colorado, said to get rid of racism "we'd have to replace the governmental system we're living in right now."
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
A Mansfield health and safety officer who was seen swerving in her car while over the limit faces “disastrous consequences,” a court heard.
Leanne McLoughlin's car was stopped on Mansfield Road, in Spion Kop, at 6.30pm, on November 24.
A test showed she had 58 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath, when the legal limit is 35 microgrammes.
McLoughlin, 41, of The Park, admitted drink driving when she appeared at Mansfield Magistrates Court, on Monday.
Maria Moore, mitigating, said McLoughlin consumed three white wine spritzers over a three hour period, at a colleague's leaving party, but thought she would be OK to drive home as she didn't feel drunk.
“This will have disasterous consequences for her and her family,” Mrs Moore said.
She said it was likely McLoughlin, who works for a construction company and travels around 500 miles a week in a company car, would lose her job.
The court heard she has three children in Ireland with a former partner, who she sends £1,000 a month to support, and she was unable to reach them by public transport.
Mrs Moore said the stress of the court case had also McLoughlin caused neurological problems.
“This conviction is going to impact on every area of her life,” added Mrs Moore.
She was banned for 12 months, but was offered a drink drive rehabilitation course which will reduce the disqualification by 91 days if completed by July 2018.
She was fined £800, and ordered to pay £85 costs and an £80 victim surcharge.
Scroll for more content...
British counter-terrorism officers have joined the investigation into how two critically ill people came to be exposed to an "unknown substance" in a town in southern England.
The victims, a 45-year-old man and a 44-year-old woman, were hospitalized on Saturday in Amesbury, just a few miles from Salisbury, where former double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter were poisoned with a military-grade nerve agent in March. The UK government suspects the Skripals were victims of a Russian attack.
"Paramedics from the South Western Ambulance Service were called to an address in Muggleton Road, Amesbury, on the morning of Saturday, 30 June, after a woman collapsed at the property," Deputy Chief Constable of Wiltshire Police Paul Mills told reporters on Wednesday afternoon. "They were called back later the same day, supported by colleagues from Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service, following reports a man had also fallen unwell in the same location."
He added it was not yet clear if a crime has been committed, but that inquiries are ongoing and that police are keeping an "open mind."
In a statement, London's Metropolitan Police said: "As you would expect, given the recent events in Salisbury, officers from the counterterrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police regarding the incident in Amesbury. As Wiltshire Police have stated, they are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding the incident and will update the public as soon and as regularly as possible."
The two victims -- both British nationals local to the area -- are currently in critical condition, according to police in Wiltshire, the county in which Amesbury is located.
They were initially believed to have fallen ill after using crack cocaine or heroin from a contaminated batch, but are now "receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance," Wiltshire Police said.
"Further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident," the statement said.
British Prime Minister Theresa May and government ministers were treating the incident with "the utmost seriousness," her spokesman told CNN.
Church, pharmacy under police guard
On Tuesday, Amesbury Baptist Church was cordoned off, with police standing guard at the entrance. Church secretary Ray Collins told CNN he believed the victims attended a family fun day at the church on Saturday, though he did not know who the pair were.
A Boots pharmacy in the town center was also cordoned off, with police at the entrance telling CNN it was closed "as a precaution."
Additionally, the Queen Elizabeth Gardens and a nearby supported-living facility in Salisbury have been closed off, as has another property in Amesbury, according to Wilshire Police, who said the scenes have been shuttered "as a precautionary measure."
Salisbury District Hospital is open as usual and is advising people still to attend routine appointments unless they are contacted to state otherwise.
A Public Health England (PHE) spokesman said: "The current advice from PHE England, based upon the number of casualties affected, is that it is not believed that there is a significant health risk to the wider public. This will be continually assessed as further information becomes known."
The March incident in Salisbury sparked a diplomatic row between the UK and Russia after British investigators blamed Moscow for the attack.
Russia has denied the allegations, but more than 20 other countries kicked Russian diplomats out of their countries in a show of support for the UK.
Sergei and Yulia Skripal have since been discharged from the hospital.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) says, Ghana's new vision of ‘Ghana beyond Aid' coupled with the first year performance of the economy under President Akufo-Addo is a major inspiration to African countries.
Speaking at the maiden edition of the ‘Governor Speaks' series at the IMF/World Bank Spring Meetings, Abebe Selasie, Deputy Director in charge of Africa said, “Your country's new vision and the impressive work done so far is an inspiration to all of Africa. Keep on track”.
Finance Minister, Ken Ofori-Atta was given the maiden slot on the newly introduced IMF platform which seeks to give the global community an opportunity to learn from the success stories of other countries in economic management.
In his address, Mr. Ofori-Atta outlined the meaning of the ‘Ghana beyond Aid' agenda and how Ghana intends to achieve it within a generation.
He mentioned key revenue measures already underway, which were aimed at boosting domestic resource mobilisation to fund the agenda.
Ghana seeks to grow domestic resources and invest same into growth driving initiatives in the real sector that are aimed at creating jobs and improving incomes.
According to Mr Ofori-Atta, the government's recent high levels of growth recorded will be maintained.
The Finance Minister led a government delegation to the 2018 IMF and World Bank Spring meetings which ended on Sunday April 22.
When a loved one has been hospitalized in intensive care for a critical illness, many family members experience anxiety, depression, post-traumatic stress or other negative effects lasting months, according to new research led by Intermountain Medical Center in Salt Lake City.
The study, published in the journal Critical Care Medicine, suggests that determining which family members are likely to suffer long-term effects could offer guidance to caregivers about how to help them.
The study is believed to be the first research of its kind to investigate the link between cortisol levels of family members of adult ICU patients and subsequent anxiety.
Participants in the study were family members of patients who'd been admitted to Intermountain Medical Center's medical/surgical intensive care unit. Family members were followed by researchers for three months.
Three months after the patient was discharged, researchers found that 32 percent of the family members studied were anxious, 16 percent had symptoms of depression, and 15 percent reported signs of post-traumatic stress.
Researchers also found an increase of about 50 percent in family members' cortisol levels after they woke up in the morning, which was associated with anxiety in family members three months after hospital discharge.
Cortisol is sometimes called the "stress hormone" because it can spike during periods of stress, such as when a loved one is critically ill. Unlike the surge in cortisol shortly after awakening, general cortisol levels weren't found to predict long-term symptoms of mood disorders among participants in the study.
Family members were studied because an ICU admission can affect the entire family. Family members experience new challenges, including caring for a loved one, learning details of providing medical care, and a reduction or break from employment.
Family members need time to adjust to these new roles, situations and responsibilities, said Elliotte L. Hirshberg, MD, MS, a critical care physician at Intermountain Medical Center, who led the study, and who co-directs the Center for Humanizing Critical Care at the hospital.
"This study confirms the long-held belief that family members are experiencing stress during an ICU stay. This is important," said Dr. Hirshberg. "The next step we hope to take in the future is to study support interventions that can reduce this stress and the associated anxiety, depression, and PTSD that may follow."
Researchers targeted family members because they're an important part of a patient's recovery team and often have their own unmet needs. There's likely a link between family member wellness and a patient's trajectory for recovery, Dr. Hirshberg said.
Researchers enrolled families of patients who were gravely ill. Various groups were excluded, including those with a history of PTSD, dementia, or schizophrenia and those on medications containing steroids, which impacts cortisol secretion.
Post-intensive care syndrome in families, sometimes called PICS-F, is a widely recognized syndrome and can impact up to 60 percent of family members. PICS-F includes anxiety, depression, PTSD, and difficulty transitioning to a new state of well-being, according to Dr. Hirshberg.
Besides a link that connects mood disorders with cortisol, the study also found that having a history of anxiety is associated with anxiety three months after the hospitalization. Depression and anxiety are likely to co-exist, so more work needs to be done to identify interventions that can decrease the symptoms of PICS in family members.
Of 100 patients registered for the study, 92 stayed through the follow-up at three months. The average age was 54 and nearly two-thirds were female, while 71 percent lived with the patient prior to the ICU admission. Fifty-three percent of participants were married to the patient.
Cortisol was measured using saliva samples at five predetermined times over 24 hours. The study had some limitations. The relationship between general cortisol secretion and chronic stress is unclear and the levels reported in the study may have reflected a combination of chronic and acute stress. Nor could the researchers account for stresses unrelated to the ICU.
"Because participants had to leave the patient's room briefly and some declined, it's possible that those family members have higher stress and they were not included in the study," Dr. Hirshberg said.
###
The study is a collaboration between investigators from Intermountain Healthcare, the University of Utah, and Brigham Young University.
Authors include Sarah J. Beesley, MD; Ramona O. Hopkins, PhD; Julianne Holt-Lunstad, PhD; Emily L. Watson, MStat; Jorie Butler, PhD; Kathryn G. Kuttler, PhD; James Orme, MD; Samuel M. Brown, MD, MS; and Dr. Hirshberg.
The study was supported by the Center for Humanizing Critical Care at Intermountain Medical Center and a grant from the Intermountain Research and Medical Foundation.
Intermountain Medical Center is part of the Intermountain Healthcare system, based in Salt Lake City.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
'OH MY GOD, I'M GETTING LIGHT-HEADED' Terry Crews Is Unbelievably Funny And Charismatic While Handling The Hot Wings Challenge
And we're going to be honest here: this is probably the most heartfelt spicy wings challenge interview we've seen in a long while.
A man opened fire on passersby in the central Italian city of Macerata on Saturday, injuring several African migrants, police said, in an attack that appeared to be racially motivated.
The shootings happened just days after the dismembered body of an 18-year-old Italian woman was discovered hidden in two suitcases near Macerata. A 29-year-old Nigerian migrant has been arrested in connection with her death.
Local media reported that at least six migrants including one woman were shot by a man driving around the city, located about 200 km east of Rome, and firing from his car window.
“Shots fired in Macerata. People injured. Police operation under way. Stay out of the way and avoid open places,” the police said on Twitter. Shortly afterwards, police said one man had been arrested.
State television Rai said the suspect was a white Italian man who came from Macerata.
The website of newspaper Corriere della Sera said a man fired from a car window at two young African migrants shortly after 11 a.m. Saturday, wounding one of them. A short while later two other migrants, including a woman, were shot.
It was not immediately clear how serious their injuries were.
Right-wing politicians campaigning ahead of national elections on March 4 leapt on the gruesome death of the teenager Pamela Mastropietro to promote their anti-migrant message.
A preliminary postmortem on the teenager could not immediately identify her cause of death. The Nigerian suspect, who was denied asylum last year but has remained in Italy, has refused to talk to police.
“What was this worm still doing in Italy?” Matteo Salvini, head of the far-right League, wrote on Facebook, accusing the centre-left government of responsibility for Mastropietro's death for allowing migrants to stay in the country.
“The left has blood on its hands,” he wrote.
Magistrates say witnesses saw the Nigerian suspect carrying the suitcases that were later found to contain the teenager's body. They also found blood-stained clothes and knives in his possession.
Mama June Shannon still feels confident after putting on a few pounds.
The Here Comes Honey Boo-Boo and From Not to Hot star shared a throwback photo of herself rocking a Baywatch-style red swimsuit to Instagram on Wednesday, reflecting on the fact that she's since gained back 25 lbs. after her dramatic weight loss.
“Happy 4th of July America‼💥🇺🇸 I remember when I took this picture I had just lost 60lbs and felt great about myself. I'm still proud of this pic and myself for coming so far. Regardless if I gained a few pounds back I'm still beautimess!” she captioned her post, using a colloquialism for the phrase “beautiful mess.”
The 38-year-old reality personality recently revealed to PEOPLE that she's gained about 25 lbs. after undergoing four surgeries to recover her vision in her left eye, the only one with remaining eyesight after going blind in her right eye.
The lack of physical activity has been hard for Mama June, but she's trying to stay under 200 lbs. — and says she has had success with the keto diet.
“I've tried the keto diet, and it's not that bad. It's like, cheese, eggs, protein, meat. And you honestly lose weight with that,” she said in an interview with BUILD Series. “That's what I've been going back to, and I've started losing a couple pounds. But it actually, really works.”
The keto diet is all about proteins and extra fat — with very little carbs — to get to a state of ketosis, a metabolic process where the body burns fat instead of glucose for energy. Celebs like Halle Berry, Kourtney Kardashian and Jersey Shore's Vinny Guadagnino have all said that they're big fans of the program.
Mama June said it really suits her food cravings because she never was a fan of carbs.
“I don't eat bread or pasta,” she said, to the disbelief of the audience.
WE tv
Mama June lost nearly 300 lbs. in 2017 after getting gastric sleeve surgery, and debuted her new, size-4 body on her WEtv show. But now that her impaired vision is a concern, she's worrying less about her weight.
“I'm just focused on getting my vision back,” she told PEOPLE. “I can lose the weight, I know that. And I know I don't want to go back over 200 lbs. I'm paying attention to it more.”
[India], Apr. 24 (ANI): Vice President M Venkaiah Naidu on Tuesday rejected the criticism of the opposition parties that the decision to reject the impeachment motion against the Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra was taken in a haste.
Naidu, who in his capacity as Rajya Sabha Chairman rejected the motion on Monday, said the decision was taken after over a month of due diligence and in strict conformity with the provisions of the Constitution and the Judges Inquiry Act of 1968.
Naidu rejected the impeachment motion saying that it lacked substantial facts to hold CJI Misra guilty of misbehaviour.
On April 20, the opposition parties led by Congress moved the impeachment motion in the Rajya Sabha, seeking the removal of CJI Misra under Article 217 read with article 124 (4) of the Constitution of India. The motion was signed by 64 sitting members of the House. In the impeachment motion, the opposition cited four acts of misbehaviour, including his handling of Prasad Education Trust case. (ANI)
ESTEBAN Chaves took a stranglehold on the Jayco Herald Sun Tour, capping a dominant performance by Mitchelton-Scott with an explosive win atop Lake Mountain.
Chaves sent an ominous message to the European elite, powering clear of a reduced peloton on the steepest slopes to emphatically claim the gruelling 218km stage and the yellow jersey after nearly six hours in the saddle.
After a day in which the Australian WorldTour team flexed its considerable muscle, Mitchelton-Scott held the top three positions on General Classification.
Cameron Meyer (+32sec) and Damien Howson (+39sec) are behind the Colombian.
Chaves, who endured a horror 2017 ruined by injuries and crashes, used the toughest Herald Sun Tour stage in years to announce his return and claim his first win in 16 months.
“I'm really happy to start the season in this form,” he said.
“It was a really tough and hard race ... but we have a really strong team with strong guys and we have the jersey, won the stage and it's a special feeling.”
Camera Icon Esteban Chaves starts his attack up Lake Mountain on his way to a stage win. Picture: News Corp Australia, Michael Klein
With a nine-man breakaway caught by a charging peloton with 26km to go, Mobius Bridgelane set a ferocious pace at the bottom of the climb to the top of Lake Mountain, reducing the front group to about 15. Chaves exploded out of the saddle with 17km to go, and no one could go with him.
“The plan was to attack at the beginning when the climb was the hardest, between 17-18km from the finish,” Chaves said.
“That's a long way, but the plan was to try and if the guys brought me back we had other options with Cameron (Meyer) and ‘Damo' (Howson). But they didn't, so that was lucky for me. I never felt 100 per cent I would take the jersey and the stage until 300m from the finish line.”
WATCH A RECAP OF STAGE 3 HERE
This time last year, Chaves was hugging Howson atop Falls Creek after the domestique had powered away to claim the Stage 1 victory that set up his Herald Sun Tour title.
When Howson crossed the line, 1min 9sec behind Chaves, he went straight to his little mate to return the compliment.
“I can tell you something for nothing — I'm just as happy today as I was one year ago,” Howson said.
Chaves said: “This is the beautiful thing about this team, everyone gets the chance. There's not one, big capitano here.”
With Chaves breaking clear up Lake Mountain and Howson, Meyer, Rob Power and Lucas Hamilton monitoring attacks from a chasing 14-man group, Mitchelton-Scott had a cycling royal flush.
Barring an unprecented disaster, Chaves will be confirmed Herald Sun Tour champion after Sunday's 152.1km circuit stage at Kinglake.
Camera Icon Chaves is congratulated by team owner Gerry Ryan after taking over the race lead. Picture: News Corp Australia, Michael Klein
EVANS DELIVERS BREAKOUT PERFORMANCE
HE is quietly-spoken, but Alexander Evans has let his legs talk loudest to deliver the biggest result of his young career.
As Esteban Chaves' explosive acceleration shredded the field at the business end of Saturday's gruelling 218km stage of the Jayco Herald Sun Tour, it was the unassuming Evans who set off in pursuit.
The 21-year-old from Bendigo doggedly chased the Grand Tour podium finisher uphill for the next 17km, finishing 42 seconds back in second among a field of WorldTour riders.
“I'm happy obviously with how I rode. Really happy,” Evans said.
“It's always good to get your name out there. To just be beaten by Chaves is a good feeling.”
With the peloton screaming onto the 20km climb to the top of Lake Mountain, it was Evans' Mobius Bridgelane team who shook up the race by setting a fierce tempo up the steepest section.
Camera Icon The peleton makes its way along Skyline Rd in Lake Eildon. Picture: News Corp Australia, Michael Klein
“I had the team lead me out for the first couple of kilometres there and they were really driving it pretty hard,” Evans said.
“I had to ask them to slow it down a few times or they were going to blow me up before I got to the top.
“Once they peeled off, Chaves put a big attack in and I tried to follow him. I just couldn't quite bridge the gap in the end, but I held it at about 15 seconds for half the climb and then, yeah, he sort of rode off a bit.”
Evans only turned to racing a bike two years ago after starting in triathlons and wants to take cycling “as far as I can”.
But it seems not even his meteoric rise and finishing second to Chaves can get him out of work for a day.
“I work at local bike shop in Bendigo, Moroni's Bikes. Hopefully they'll be pretty excited, but I dare say I'll still have to go back to work on Monday,” he said.
The tone of a hearing in Anchorage on two draft permits for the proposed Donlin Gold mine was very different from those held in the region where the mine would be located.
Those who gave public comments to state regulators Jan. 26 in Anchorage expressed trust and support for the proposed project.
The Anchorage comments came from industry groups and Native corporations.
Five people testified. Each spoke in enthusiastic support of the mine's waste and wastewater plans, and the Donlin project overall.
That reaction differs sharply from the comments delivered weeks before by rural Kuskokwim residents at similar hearings in Bethel and Aniak.
There, the majority of residents living downriver of the proposed mine said that they didn't want it.
To them, the project's potential economic benefits weren't worth its risks to a river, land and culture built on subsistence.
But in Anchorage, the industry groups and Native corporations saw it differently.
“Development and traditional subsistence Alaska Native lifestyle does not have to be mutually exclusive,” said Andrea Gusty, who grew up on the Kuskokwim in Aniak. “They can exist in harmony,”
Gusty is vice president of corporate Affairs for the Kuskokwim Corporation. The Native corporation owns the surface rights to the proposed mine site and has built a strong partnership with Donlin Gold.
TKC calls Donlin's plans “environmentally and socially responsible.”
“Not only does TKC trust their ability to do it right,” Gusty said. “We will make sure it is done right. Because Donlin has worked with TKC and our shareholders every step of the way.”
Gusty has confidence in the three-step water cleaning process outlined in one permit, which requires the mine's wastewater to meet state standards for drinking water or aquatic life water.
Donlin also has worked closely with Calista Corporation, the regional native corporation that owns the sub-surface rights to the mine.
Like TKC, Calista is in full support of Donlin.
“The Donlin Gold prospect will provide opportunity for jobs,” said Donna Bach, who grew up in Bethel and works as Calista's government affairs liaison. “I think there's a lot of pride and fulfillment, not just in the environmental, responsible way in which it's being handled, but also to bring pride back to a region that needs jobs.”
Trade groups echoed the potential benefits of more employment for a region with few jobs and no industrial base.
During the mine's exploration phase, 90 percent of its camp workers were Alaska Native corporation shareholders or descendants.
During the life of the proposed mine, Donlin predicts 50 to 60 percent of its workers will be Alaska Native corporation shareholders or local hires.
“Donlin remains a poster child in our industry of what you can do to ensure that communities benefit from an operation in their region,” said Alaska Miners Association Executive Director Deantha Crockett.
Crockett predicts that Donlin will not only boost the economy of the Kuskokwim region; it would grow the economy of the entire state at a time when revenue from its main natural resource, oil, is declining.
Public comments on Donlin Gold's waste and wastewater draft permits will be accepted through Feb. 13.
So, you're faced with the terrible reality that spring is just around the corner and tending to the front yard is inevitable. How do you get yourself pumped up for the back-straining work ahead?
Well, according to one in-tune gardener, you put on a baton-twirling show for the plants.
Apparently that's the secret to keeping a happy garden. Right on man!
FLINT, Mich. – A Mid-Michigan man said it was the “best mistake I've ever made,” and it led to him winning $100,000, according to WNEM.
The Tuscola County man, who has chosen to remain anonymous, matched the Fantasy 5 numbers drawn Thursday to win the Fantasy 5 jackpot.
He bought his winning ticket at Worth's Party Store, located at 4730 East Main Street in Millington.
“I usually play 04-14-28-30-31, but I accidentally picked 29 instead of 28,” said the player. “Rather than starting over with a new slip, I just decided to go ahead and play those numbers and I'm so glad I did.
The lucky player claimed his prize on Tuesday.
“Winning the jackpot was all because of a simple mistake, but it's definitely the best mistake I've ever made.”
He said he plans to use the money to pay down his mortgage.
“I can't tell you how it feels to win the jackpot. It's a once-in-a-lifetime kind of thing,” the player said.
SUNNY ISLES BEACH, Fla. (AP) – Green iguanas are so common now in South Florida that many see them as something like reptilian squirrels.
These iguanas are native to Latin America, were sold as pets and then escaped or were dumped in the wild, where their population has boomed.
Unlike Burmese pythons and other exotic invaders, these plant-eating iguanas have been considered harmless.
But their burrows undermine seawalls and levees, and they eat their way through valuable landscaping as well as native plants. Their droppings can be a real cleanup problem and a health hazard.
Now Florida officials are thinking about ways of controlling their population.
Comments
comments
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
A group prays together Monday outside North Park Elementary School in San Bernardino, which is open for the first time since an April 10 shooting killed a teacher and student, injuring another youngster. John Valenzuela/Staff Photographer
SAN BERNARDINO >> North Park Elementary School staff and students returned to the campus Monday for the first time since a teacher and student were killed in a classroom last week.
“The kids were excited to be back,” said Melissa Meza of her children, ages 10 and 7. “Me, though, I'm a little nervous, but I know the teachers are there for them.”
At least six news vans and crews were parked around the perimeter of the school Monday morning. Meza and her husband, Alfredo Meza, were among the parents, students and staff who walked through lines of English- and Spanish-language media outlets as they returned to the school.
“I miss my teacher. Her name is Mrs. Dawson,” said 8-year-old Thomas Cabrera, whose classroom was next to Classroom B1 where the fatal shooting took place. “I want to give her a hug.”
Thomas' mother, Marie Cabrera, said she isn't certain Thomas understood exactly what happened last week.
“He told me that he heard someone banging on the walls and then they all ran,” she said. “I think what he heard were the gunshots.”
• Photos: North Park Elementary opens for first time since shooting at San Bernardino campus
North Park was closed for a week following the April 10 shooting when Cedric Anderson, 53, of Riverside entered the special education classroom of his estranged wife, Karen Smith, and opened fire, killing her and 8-year-old student Jonathan Martinez and wounding Nolan Brandy, 9.
Students, many of them wearing North Park Coyote red, walked past an informal shrine of stuffed animals, flowers and veladora prayer candles at the corner of Northpark Boulevard and H Street. At schools around the Inland Empire, students and staff wore red in solidarity.
“You will be remembered for being brave,” read a card left at the memorial for Jonathan.
North Park staff wore red T-shirts, emblazoned with a San Bernardino arrowhead and the motto North Park Strong, a variant on the black #SBStrong T-shirts worn after the San Bernardino terrorist attack in December 2015. All North Park teachers reported for work Monday, according to San Bernardino City Unified School District spokeswoman Maria Garcia. Forty-four of the school's 522 students were absent, according to Garcia.
Advertisement
The district has stepped up security measures at the school in anticipation of the students' return, including the installation of a camera alert system that will allow someone in the front office to see a visitor before allowing the person access to the school. Other security upgrades are also in place, officials said, but those details would not be made public. On Monday, the school also had 10 additional teachers from other district schools and crisis counselors on hand for students who needed additional support.
At the time of the shooting, Smith, 53, was inside her classroom with two aides and 14 special needs students between first and fourth grades.
Anderson and Smith had been married Jan. 28, but had separated in March, police officials said. Smith had apparently not told anyone at the school about the separation.
Anderson reportedly signed in at the front desk and told office staff he was there to drop something off for his wife. Once inside the classroom — without a word — he pulled out a six-shot .357 Magnum revolver and started firing, striking Smith. Anderson then reloaded using a speed-loader, firing a total of 10 bullets. Students Jonathan and Nolan were struck in the exchange. Anderson then turned the gun on himself.
About 150 police officers from the San Bernardino Police Department, San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department, San Bernardino City Unified school police, Rialto Police Department and California Highway Patrol responded to the shooting, along with the San Bernardino County Fire Department.
North Park students were evacuated to Cal State San Bernardino and then shuttled to Cajon High School after their parents arrived and showed proof of identification.
In addition to the media, signs of support surrounded the school.
“It's the least I can do, take a little load off their hearts,” said San Diego resident Gary Faught. A professional “bubbleologist,” he waved a huge, multiple-chambered bubble wand outside the school's parking lot, sending bubbles as large as a kindergartner wobbling through the warm morning air.
North Park's outside fences were adorned with banners signed by students at other schools and wooden stars, painted by volunteers, bearing inspirational messages.
Like the arrowhead T-shirts, the Stars of Hope were last seen in the city following the San Bernardino terrorist attack, where they lined the fence outside the Inland Regional Center where 14 people were killed and 22 injured in December 2015.
Written in pink and white on a teal star was a message: “The world is messy, but we have each other.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DUNMORE, Pa. — A Pennsylvania mother and father are charged with endangering the welfare of their two children after knowingly leaving them home alone for three days, investigators said.
Nicole Sciortino and Vincent Licciardello, both 30, were arraigned Monday morning, according to WNEP.
According to court papers, on Wednesday, March 7, Dunmore police responded to Sciortino's home on Monroe Avenue for a report of children who had been left alone for weeks. Licciardello lives at a different address.
When officers arrived, they found a 10-year-old and an 11-year-old home by themselves. Police say the place was in deplorable condition, with food, boxes, pills and other trash on the floor. The thermostat read 58 degrees.
After tracking down the mother of two, police say Sciortino first told them she wasn't far away, but later admitted that she was in Florida. According to the document, she told investigators that the children's father, Licciardello, was watching the kids and that she didn't realize it was against the law to leave her two children home alone unsupervised for an extended period of time. Sciortino added that she “didn't think it was really that bad.”
During the investigation, police found that on Monday, March 5, Licciardello dropped the kids off early in the morning at their mother's home. Over the next three days, while their mother was in Florida, he would occasionally stop by to drop food off for the unsupervised children.
Authorities say they believe the children were alone during their mother's vacation, but not for weeks, as the 911 caller alleged. Police say one child has missed 16 days of school this year, while the other has missed 26 days.
“That hurts. I'm a mom of five kids. I couldn't imagine leaving my kids for 10 minutes without an adult supervisor,” said Tamra Murphy. “Who's feeding them, who's washing their clothes, who's making sure their homework is done? That upsets me beyond it. That hurts me.”
“That's insane to me,” said Kaylia Riley. “I mean, at the end of the day, I couldn't even leave my dogs for three days by themselves, let alone children, especially small children. It's just mind-blowing.”
Sciortino and Licciardello were both charged Monday with endangering the welfare of children. Both were given $10,000 unsecured bail, so both walked free.
Investigators said the two children are staying with family friends.
After the National Rifle Association on Thursday called for the federal government to look into regulating bump stocks, NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre followed up Thursday night emphasizing that the gun rights group did not call for an outright ban.
“We didn't say ban, we didn't say confiscate,” LaPierre told Fox News' Sean Hannity after noting that the NRA urged the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to review whether bump stocks comply with federal law.
“The other side has been so outright trying to politicize this tragedy that we did feel the need to speak out today on this whole bump stock issue,” LaPierre said of the NRA's statement on bump stocks.
Several bump stocks — devices that make semi-automatic guns behave more like automatic weapons — were found on the Las Vegas shooter's guns, prompting lawmakers to review why the devices are legally available for sale. Several Republicans in Congress have called for the devices to be banned or for the government to at least hold hearings on the devices.
Despite the NRA's call for a review of bump stocks, LaPierre still argued on Fox New Thursday nights that gun control laws don't work.
“If legislation worked, Boston massacre wouldn't have happened, San Bernardino where California has every gun law on the books, that wouldn't have happened,” he said.
MADISON, Wis. (AP) — House Speaker Paul Ryan's Republican challenger says he believes an unfounded right-wing online conspiracy theory dubbed “pizzagate.”
Paul Nehlen voiced his opinion during an online question-and-answer session with voters earlier this month on Reddit. He was asked, “What are your thoughts on Pizzagate?”
In response, Nehlen wrote, “I believe it is real.”
The conspiracy theory claims Democrats harbor child sex slaves at a pizza restaurant in Washington, D.C. The false internet rumor led a gunman to fire an assault weapon inside the pizzeria in December.
Nehlen did not explain in the Aug. 3 session why he believed the conspiracy theory. But he tried to explain himself in a series of Twitter messages Monday to The Associated Press.
“I believe in the broader possibility that there are those in positions of power to which laws do not equally apply to them, and therefore, I pray (Attorney General Jeff) Sessions unleashes the full power of his assets to root out and prosecute EQUALLY those who prey on children, including human trafficking narco-terrorists, and those in positions of power,” Nehlen said.
In the same Reddit conversation from earlier this month, Nehlen disparaged another person in the online conversation as “amazingly retarded.” The original comment that elicited the response from Nehlen was deleted. Nehlen told AP on Monday he was being sardonic.
Nehlen lost to Ryan by 68 points last year and is seeking a rematch next year. Nehlen ran to the right of Ryan last year and initially won the endorsement of then-candidate Donald Trump, who later backed Ryan.
Ryan campaign spokesman Zack Roday said Nehlen “has consistently proven himself irrelevant” and said Nehlen's “retarded” remark was “wrong and it is hurtful.” Roday also said Nehlen should not “trade in conspiracy theories.”
New research from City, University of London, University of Oxford and Yale University has shown that we see our own lives, and also those we care about, through 'rose-tinted glasses'.
The study, which is the first to show that such an 'optimism bias' extends beyond the self, found that people readily changed their beliefs about a person they like when receiving good news but barely changed their opinions about them after receiving bad news. This 'vicarious optimism' in their learning about others was found to be stronger the more people cared about another person, and was even seen for strangers.
To examine how far this optimism bias extended, the researchers studied a mechanism known as 'good news/bad news effect' that generates and protects our optimism.
In life we sometimes change our beliefs about ourselves based on new information we receive. For example, when told we are more intelligent than we thought - good news - we update our beliefs, but if we hear we are less intelligent than we suspected - bad news - we change little. This learning bias appears to arise from the desire to feel good about ourselves and our future.
But we also want to feel good about the future of people we care about. Bad news for people we care about feels dreadful, potentially preventing us from integrating such information into our beliefs about these people. This 'good news/bad news effect' can also tell us how much someone cares about another person, as the more we care about another person, the more likely we are to accept good news about that person and reject bad news.
To test if such an optimism bias extends beyond the self, the researchers recruited more than 1,100 participants for five studies. In each of these studies, participants imagined a host of negative life events happening to other people, ranging from their friends to strangers. The research is published in the journal Psychological Science.
For a friend, for instance, participants imagined a negative life event (losing one's luggage, getting cancer, missing an important meeting...) happening to them. They were then asked to indicate the likelihood of such an event occurring. Following this they were told the actual probability of such an event taking place.
Sometimes, this information was good news - it was lower than participants expected. And other times, this information was bad news - it was higher than they expected. To measure how much people used good and bad news to change their belief about the other person, participants were then given a second chance to indicate the likelihood of the event occurring to their friend having previously been told the actual probability. The differences between their estimate before and after receiving the news is taken as an index of belief change.
The researchers found that the optimism bias indeed extends beyond the self, and that this effect was stronger the more people cared about another person. If participants, for instance, first read information about a stranger indicating that this person was a good person, they showed subsequently vicarious optimism for that person. However, if they read that a stranger was not a nice person, the vicarious optimism decreased substantially for that person. Finally, the more pronounced the vicarious optimism for a stranger, the more likely participants were to help people similar to that stranger.
Dr Andreas Kappes, lead author of the study and a lecturer in the Department of Psychology at City, University of London, said: "Our research shows that we see not only our own lives through rose-tinted glasses, but also the lives of those we care about. What we found is that participants showed vicarious optimism when learning about the outcomes affecting others they care about, updating their beliefs less in response to bad news compared to good news. But this optimism did not stop with friends - it also extended to strangers when learning about their future." Dr Molly Crockett, senior author of the study and Assistant Professor of Psychology at Yale University, said: "These studies suggest that empathy affects how we learn as well as how we make decisions. Those people with stronger 'vicarious optimism' for strangers were more likely to help a stranger in need. Concern for others leaves its fingerprints on the beliefs we develop about the world."
###
University of Groningen physicists, and colleagues from Nijmegen and Hong Kong, have induced superconductivity in a monolayer of tungsten disulfide. By using an increasing electric field, they were able to show how the material turns from an insulator into a superconductor and then back into a 're-entrant' insulator again. Their results show the typical 'dome-shaped' superconducting phase, and finally provide an explanation for this phenomenon. The results were published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on 19 March.
The scientists, led by University of Groningen associate professor Justin Ye, used an electric field to induce superconductivity in a monolayer of the semiconductor tungsten disulfide (WS2). In the initial state with very few carriers, the WS2 behaves as an insulator. 'Basically, the electric field adds carriers to this normal band insulator, which increases the conductivity', explains Ye. At low temperatures, this initiates a superconducting state.
Temperature
In the superconducting phase, the temperature at which superconductivity occurs rises as the electric field increases before dropping again. This kind of dome-shaped curve has been observed in many superconductors over several decades. It is one of the hallmarks of high temperature superconductors, many mysteries of which remain to be explained. A similar dome was recently also observed in several superconductors that were induced or controlled by field effect. What Ye and his colleagues observed was that, as the electric field increases even further, the system goes from superconductor back to insulator again.
'This full range for the phase diagram, from insulator to superconductor and then to re-entry insulator, had never before been observed this clearly', says Ye. 'We managed it, because we worked with a truly 2D material and used ionic liquid to create an electric field that is much stronger than what is usually applied.' Normally, as more carriers are added to a bulk or quasi-2D system, the electric field is eventually blocked. Ye: 'But in a WS2 monolayer, our stronger field can still pass through, which is why we were able to observe the entire range and eventually reach the insulating phase.'
Counterintuitive
This allowed them to draw conclusions on why the different phases appear. 'What we suggest is that the charge carriers in the material eventually become localized by the high electric field. Thus, they can no longer move through the material and it becomes an insulator.' This is very counterintuitive, Ye adds: 'People normally believe that higher gating means more carriers, hence more metallic behaviour.' This discovery could pave the way for the rational design of 2D superconducting devices that function at relatively high temperatures. 'Understanding is the first step to controlling the properties of materials for devices', concludes Ye.
###
The research was initiated by Ye's Device Physics of Complex Materials group, part of the Zernike Institute for Advanced materials at the Faculty of Science and Engineering at the University of Groningen. Some of the work was done at the High Field Magnetic Laboratory at Radboud University, Nijmegen.
Reference: J.M. Lu, O. Zheliuk, Q.H. Chen, I. Leermakers, N.E. Hussey, U. Zeitler, and J.T. Ye: A full superconducting dome of strong Ising protection in gated monolayer WS2. PNAS 19 March 2018.
Legendary basketball star Charles Barkley is in hot water over his comments about Boston Celtics player Isaiah Thomas grieving the death of his sister at Sunday game.
Thomas was seen sobbing on the bench before the Celtics' first playoff game – which came just one day after his 22-year-old sister, Chyna J. Thomas, died in a one-car crash in Tacoma early Saturday morning. Though the Celtics lost the game to the Chicago Bulls, Thomas scored 33 points.
Reacting to the moment on TNT's Tip-Off show, Barkley said, “I'm not feeling comfortable with him sitting on the sideline crying like that. That makes me uncomfortable.”
Barkley continued, “That tells me he's not in shape to play … To be sitting on the sideline a few minutes before the game, crying, that makes me uncomfortable for him. That's just not a good look, in my personal opinion.”
The comments drew the ire of the Internet, with one Twitter user writing, “Just in case you wanted more proof about why Charles Barkley is the worst.”
Just in case you wanted more proof about why Charles Barkley is the worst pic.twitter.com/13zNGnfgzc — cole p (@_cap22) April 17, 2017
I don't think Charles Barkley meant any harm but he has to learn when to keep his mouth closed. — KD (@kkdavis_) April 17, 2017
I've always hated Charles Barkley — Tay (@tzastrow15) April 17, 2017
So Isaiah Thomas crying becsuse he lost his sister makes you uncomfortable? It's a bad look? Charles Barkley is a joke of human being. — Alex Ott (@AlexOtt6) April 17, 2017
Charles Barkley should be removed from broadcasting for the comments made about Isaiah Thomas Sunday evening — Jeffrey T Bowman (@JeffreyTBowman) April 17, 2017
Charles Barkley crossed the line with his comments about IT. No one deserves to be criticized about how they deal with a loss of a loved one — Ken Arambulo (@kenarambulo14) April 17, 2017
Another social media user called for Barkley's firing, writing to TNT, “Thomas is human and lost a sibling. Show respect.”
“Usually I'm in Charles Barkley's camp but not this time. Isaiah Thomas is dealing with a highly unique circumstance and doing so effectively,” said a fan.
FROM COINAGE: These athletes are raking in the most endorsement money
Others, however, came to Barkley's defense, noting that those disgruntled were taking the former athlete's words out of context.
Charles Barkley has to be better with his words. He meant well, but said it in the wrong way. — Demigod Solomon (@SonofSolomon_) April 17, 2017
People are really taking what Charles Barkley said completely out of context. — G.K.P. (@gplez90) April 17, 2017
“People are taking Charles Barkley's comments the wrong way,” said a Twitter user. “It was so much more to what he said outside of that soundbite.”
Three months after she permanently blinded herself while under a meth-induced psychosis, Kaylee Muthart is home and adapting to life without sight.
On the morning of February 6 — just days before she was set to enter a drug rehabilitation facility at the urging of her mother — Muthart says she unknowingly took a hit of laced methamphetamine.
The resulting intense hallucination led Muthart to gouge out her own eyes, using only her hands, while outside of a church in Anderson, South Carolina.
After undergoing emergency surgery to clean her empty orbital sockets, Muthart spent weeks in recovery at Greenville Memorial Hospital before completing a stay at a psychiatric facility. She was then cleared to return home to her mother at the beginning of March and has kept clean of illicit drugs ever since.
Now, reflecting on the ordeal, Muthart, 20, tells PEOPLE, “I actually feel like a person. I feel like myself, and I don't feel like I'm chasing something.”
“It, actually, feels really nice. The way it worked out is the way God had it work out, that's just the way it is… but I'd rather for it to have happened than to still be stuck in that world.”
Muthart has since participated in mobility and orientation training that has helped her recapture a small part of the independence she once had.
Though she does her best to keep her mind focused on the improvements she's made, Muthart admits feeling moments of considerable sadness and frustration when the weight of her new reality sinks in.
Kaylee Muthart Courtesy Katy Tompkins
“I'm a very optimistic person, and I went in with an optimistic outlook — but at some points, you're going to fall down,” she says, before adding that it's her faith has helped throughout much of her healing. “That's just life.”
RELATED: What Would Drive Someone to Gouge Out Their Own Eyes?
Muthart has spent much of the last few weeks listening to Netflix by using its audio description option – which provides additional narration that explains what's happening onscreen for the visually impaired. She's also spent time practicing instruments like the guitar and piano, and has learned to play Coldplay songs like “Clocks” and “The Scientist.”
Still, on most days, she finds herself sleeping in until the late afternoon.
“My dreams are colorful, and it's like being able to see again,” she says. “They can be strange, and switch scenes really quickly. But it's comforting because it's colorful. I like sleeping a lot because it's like I can see.”
Kaylee Muthart Courtesy Katy Tompkins
Kaylee Muthart before the morning she lost her sight Courtesy Katy Tompkins
RELATED: Mom of 20-Year-Old Daughter Who Gouged Out Her Own Eyes While on Drugs Speaks Out
Since that fateful day in February, Muthart's shocking story has made headlines across the world. Muthart says she's been approached in public by many who have expressed sympathy and shared stories of their own battle with drug addiction.
“People that are actually on drugs will understand that drugs are capable of doing the things that they did to me,” she says. “Sharing my story might make them realize that, or it might encourage them to stop.”
In the coming weeks, Muthart will join a three-week rehabilitation course with the South Carolina Commision of the Blind that will help her refine her current orientation and mobility skills. Then, on July 3, she will undergo the first of two surgeries to her orbital cavities that will prepare her to eventually receive prosthetic eyes.
RELATED: Woman Who Gouged Out Her Eyes Reveals Why She Did It, Says ‘Life Is More Beautiful Now'
Because Muthart was recently denied Supplemental Security Income, the family hopes to use a GoFundMe page to help with finances until her Social Security benefits start in September.
Once things level out, Muthart says, she is aiming to restart her path toward college to concentrate on the field of marine biology.
Kaylee Muthart with family Courtesy Katy Tompkins
“There's definitely something inside of me that wants to say, ‘Well, what else can I do now that I'm blind?' ” she says. “But something just cries out deep inside of me, ‘Go for your goal. Do what you've always wanted to do. Show everybody that you can do it.' ”
Muthart says despite it all, she's really been able to rediscover herself again.
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
“You can't walk through life thinking that there's never going to be any pain. That life is just one big battleground,” she explains. “You have to fight for yourself, nobody else is going to fight for you, the way you would fight for yourself. That's why you should never give up on who you are.”
European Union regulators' tax crackdown on Amazon.com Inc.—like the EU's case against Apple Inc.—should spur U.S. policymakers to address companies' aggressive offshore tax-avoidance strategies before it's too late, experts said.
On Wednesday, the EU said Luxembourg must collect 250 million euros ($294 million) from Amazon. Regulators found that Luxembourg had given the world's largest online retailer special tax advantages that meant “almost three quarters of Amazon's profits were not taxed,'' EU competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager said.
In a statement, Amazon denied receiving special tax benefits.
Last year, in a similar finding, the EU ordered Ireland to collect as much as 13 billion euros ($15.3 billion) in back taxes from Apple. The company has challenged the findings. On Wednesday, the European Commission said it will sue Ireland for failing to collect that amount.
“Really, what we are seeing is a race by the different taxing jurisdictions to claim a share of the tax prize represented by the largely untaxed streams of income that U.S. multinationals have engineered for themselves,” said Ed Kleinbard, a professor at the University of Southern California and the former chief of staff for Congress's Joint Committee on Taxation. “If the United States doesn't join the race, it will just lose tax revenue to more aggressive host countries around the world.''
The EU rulings “do make it clear that if we are not interested in protecting our corporate tax base, other countries will be more than happy to tax the income,” said Kimberly Clausing, a professor of economics at Reed College in Portland, Ore.
The latest EU enforcement effort comes one week after congressional leaders and President Donald Trump released a nine-page framework for legislation to overhaul the U.S. tax code. The plan includes slashing the corporate tax rate to 20% from 35% and tax cuts for individuals.
The plan would also make a radical change in the U.S. approach to international taxation. Under current law, America taxes its corporations' income globally, no matter where it's earned. But that worldwide reach, which is unique among developed economies, comes with a quirk: Corporations can defer tax on their offshore earnings until they “repatriate'' them, or return them to the U.S. parent.
As a result, U.S. companies have stockpiled an estimated $2.6 trillion offshore. The Republican framework for a tax overhaul would apply lower tax rates to that accumulated income—allowing its return to the U.S.—and end the global approach going forward to focus on U.S. profit.
But there's still concern that some companies—especially in the tech and pharmaceutical industries—could shift much of their profit into tax havens, countries with tax rates far lower than the U.S. goal of 20%. Reed College's Clausing has estimated that the U.S. loses $100 billion a year to profit-shifting by its multinationals.
Intellectual Property
Such shifting can be particularly acute for companies that derive their value from intellectual property, such as technology and pharmaceutical firms. Such companies can arrange to have their IP held by subsidiaries in tax havens, then pay royalties to those units in low-tax countries. Governments worldwide have grown impatient with such strategies, Kleinbard said.
“All the principal jurisdictions in which such firms do business, including EU member states as well as the United States, are fed up with the tax engineering through which these firms end up paying single digit tax rates on the income booked outside the United States,” he said.
Dean Garfield, president of the Information Technology Industry Council, a lobbying group whose members include Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook, called the Amazon decision “another troubling departure from established channels of multilateral cooperation on tax policy in favor of a unilateral approach that undermines national sovereignty.
“It is critical that the U.S. government tackle tax reform that modernizes U.S. international tax rules, stimulates economic growth, and creates jobs,” Garfield added.
To try to prevent companies' use of tax havens, the GOP tax framework contemplates a so-called “minimum foreign tax'' on multinationals' future earnings that would apply in cases where a company's effective tax rate fell below a predetermined threshold.
The rate and formula for that tax haven't been set, but experts note that the framework calls for it to be applied “on a global basis,'' minus credits for foreign taxes paid—suggesting that companies could blend their results from high-tax countries like Germany with low-tax countries like Ireland to even out their global effective rates.
‘Pretty Unadministerable'
That wouldn't do much to prevent profit-shifting to tax havens, according to Harvard Law professor Stephen Shay, a former top U.S. Treasury Department official during the tax overhaul of 1986.
Instead, Shay said during an appearance before the Senate Finance Committee Tuesday that a minimum tax should be calculated on a per-country basis, preferably at 80% of the corporate rate. And foreign tax credits should be pro-rated to prevent companies from using them to erode the bite of a minimum tax, he said.
Still, a country-by-country approach would be complex, said Itai Grinberg, a Georgetown University law professor and former top Treasury tax official, and therefore “pretty unadministerable.''
The debate over appropriate design will continue, but the stakes are high and the time is short. “If not designed properly,'' Shay said, a territorial system can drain tax revenues out of the U.S. tax base and “leave us worse off than today.''
Some Republican leaders, including Trump, have set a goal of enacting their tax changes by the end of this year, meaning that proper design will have to happen soon. House Speaker Paul Ryan said Tuesday night that the House Ways and Means Committee will release a written bill within the next three weeks.
In the meantime, congressional Republicans appear to have gotten the message from Brussels.
EU regulators on U.S. multinationals shows that European states “wish to tap into the U.S. tax base,” Sen. Orrin Hatch, chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, told his audience during Tuesday's hearing.
“Other countries are not waiting on the U.S. in order to protect their own tax base, and we should not wait any longer to protect our own tax base,” Bret Wells, a professor at the University of Houston Law Center, said after Tuesday's hearing.
Bloomberg News
Justin grew up a country boy in a female-dominated family that smoothed him into the softie he is today. A Seattle radio personality since 2007, he's perfected the art of never taking himself seriously and isn't afraid to cry at movies. Find him riding a scooter (nicknamed "Ivy" after Blue Ivy Carter) through the mean streets of Queen Anne in Seattle or twitter-stalking the Seattle Mariners!
CORONADO — Police identified the victim who arrived at Coronado hospital with a gunshot wound Tuesday.
The victim has been identified as 17-year-old Fernando Rosa-Sanchez of San Diego.
Anyone with information is asked to call the San Diego Police Department homicide unit (619) 531-2293.
* SSEC -0.4 pct, CSI300 -0.2 pct, HSI 0.0 pct
* HK->Shanghai Connect daily quota used -6.2 pct, Shanghai->HK daily quota used 15 pct
* FTSE China A50 -0.4 pct, BNY Mellon ADR China Select Index -1.7 pct
SHANGHAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - China stocks extended losses on Friday as investors booked profits after recent sharp gains, with the Shanghai benchmark index and the start-up board poised for their worst weekly losses in nearly two years. ** Investors continued to dump small-caps after firms including Leshi flagged startling losses for 2017. Sentiment was further dampened as a slew of companies suspended trading in an apparent effort to avoid margin calls. ** Meanwhile, major shareholders of a growing list of companies have announced plans to buy shares in their firms, stirring memories of the 2015 stock market crash that sent shockwaves across global financial markets. ** At 04:03 GMT, the Shanghai Composite index was down 14.16 points or 0.4 percent at 3,432.82. It was on track for a weekly loss of 3.5 percent. ** China's blue-chip CSI300 index was down 0.2 percent, with the financial sector sub-index lower by 0.42 percent, the consumer staples sector down 1.76 percent, the real estate index up 0.67 percent and healthcare sub-index up 0.19 percent. The CSI300 has shed 3.2 percent this week. ** The smaller Shenzhen index was down 0.43 percent and the start-up board ChiNext Composite index was higher by 0.71 percent. Still, ChiNext looked set for a near 6 percent slump for the week. ** Chinese H-shares listed in Hong Kong rose 0.5 percent at 13,498.27, while the Hang Seng Index was down 0.01 percent at 32,640.12.
** Around the region, MSCI's Asia ex-Japan stock index slid 0.4 percent and Japan's Nikkei index 1.3 percent. ** The yuan was quoted at 6.2821 per U.S. dollar, 0.23 percent firmer than the previous close of 6.2965. ** The largest percentage gainers in the main Shanghai Composite index were SJEC Corp up 9.99 percent, followed by Anhui Leimingkehua Co Ltd gaining 8.48 percent and ShanXi Coking Co Ltd up by 8.19 percent. ** The largest percentage losses in the Shanghai index were Guizhou Chitianhua Co Ltd down 10.03 percent, followed by Routon Electronic Co Ltd losing 10.01 percent and Shandong Jintai Group Co Ltd down by 10.01 percent. ** Through Thursday's close, the Shanghai stock index was up 4.23 percent so far this year, while China's H-share index was up 14.7 percent. Shanghai stocks have declined nearly 1.4 percent this month. ** The top gainers among H-shares were People's Insurance Group of China Co Ltd up 5 percent, followed by Guangzhou Automobile Group Co Ltd gaining 3.18 percent and Air China Ltd up by 3.01 percent. ** The three biggest H-shares percentage decliners were Dongfeng Motor Group Co Ltd which has fallen 1.20 percent, China Minsheng Banking Corp Ltd which has lost 0.8 percent and Great Wall Motor Co Ltd down by 0.6 percent. ** About 11.44 billion shares have traded so far on the Shanghai exchange, roughly 56.3 percent of the market's 30-day moving average of 20.31 billion shares a day. The volume traded was 26.05 billion as of the last full trading day. ** As of 04:03 GMT, China's A-shares were trading at a premium of 29.96 percent over the Hong Kong-listed H-shares. ** The Shanghai stock index is above its 50-day moving average and above its 200-day moving average. ** The price-to-earnings ratio of the Shanghai index was 15.85 as of the last full trading day while the dividend yield was 1.8 percent. ** So far this week, the market capitalisation of the Shanghai stock index has fallen by -2.65 percent to 30.48 trillion yuan. ** In Hong Kong, the sub-index of the Hang Seng index tracking energy shares rose 2.7 percent while the IT sector fell 0.1 percent. The top gainer on Hang Seng was AAC Technologies Holdings Inc up 7 percent, while the biggest loser was China Merchants Port Holdings Co Ltd which was down 5.00 percent.
U.N. security staff closes the doors for a meeting between Bashar Al-Ja'afari (3L), Syrian chief negotiator and Ambassador of the Permanent Representative Mission of the Syria to UN in New York and UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura during the Intra Syria talks, at the European headquarters of the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
Bashar Al-Ja'afari (L), Syrian chief negotiator and Ambassador of the Permanent Representative Mission of the Syria to UN in New York, arrives for a a meeting with UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura during the Intra Syria talks, at the European headquarters of the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
United Nations Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura attends a round of negotiation with the Syrian government during the Intra Syria talks, at the European headquarters of the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
United Nations Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for Syria Staffan de Mistura attends a news conference after meetings during the Intra Syria talks at the European headquarters of the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
Bashar Al-Ja'afari (3rd L), Syrian chief negotiator and Ambassador of the Permanent Representative Mission of the Syria to UN in New York, attends a meeting with UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura during the Intra Syria talks, at the European headquarters of the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
GENEVA The Syrian opposition and a senior Russian diplomat agreed on Wednesday that Syria's fragile ceasefire needed to be shored up amid growing violations in the multi-sided civil war.
Preserving the cessation of hostilities in place between the Russian-backed Syrian government and rebels since Dec. 30 is seen as key to any hope of progress in Geneva peace talks mediated by U.N. Special Envoy Staffan de Mistura.
But Western diplomats were sceptical about the Geneva talks.
"We are in a game of just keeping the whole thing rolling with no real sign of a substantive breakthrough at all," a Western envoy told Reuters. "We are not looking at any real negotiations here."
In the latest bloodshed, a bomb blast hit a passenger bus in the government-held city of Homs on Wednesday, killing five people and wounding six, the Syrian state news agency SANA reported.
After meeting opposition negotiators, Russian deputy foreign minister Gennady Gatilov said the truce, which is backed by Russia, Iran and Turkey, was "more or less being maintained", but major powers needed to do more to extend it.
"Here, we need the support and involvement of all parties, including external players, not only the three guarantors but some other countries who also have influence on the parties on the ground," Gatilov told reporters.
Opposition delegates told Gatilov that they had come to Geneva to engage "completely and seriously" in the political talks and had made steps forward on the U.N. peace agenda, opposition spokesman Salem al-Muslet told reporters.
The U.N. agenda includes constitutional change, political transition, better governance and U.N.-sponsored free elections.
"However the other (Syrian) party has taken no steps in this regard," Muslet said. "We discussed the ceasefire and continuous violations by the regime in addition to the Iranian presence in Syria and the forced displacement taking place in several areas."
The Shi'ite Muslim residents of two pro-government towns under rebel siege are to be evacuated in exchange for the evacuation of Sunni Muslim rebels and their families from two government-besieged towns in a mediated deal, according to a pro-government source and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group.
Russia, President Bashar al-Assad's main ally, plans to hold the next round of ceasefire talks in the Kazakh city of Astana in the first week of May, Muslet said, suggesting that the rebels might boycott.
"We have seen a lot of violations including the displacement in (Wadi) Barada or al-Waer, or other areas in addition to the ongoing bombardment (of) the (rebel-controlled) countryside of Damascus. So this will be the real test for the guarantors for the ceasefire to take place so we can participate."
(Additional reporting by Marina Depetris; writing by Stephanie Nebehay; editing by Tom Miles and Mark Heinrich)
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Former Major League Baseball star Curt Schilling said in an interview with TMZ Sports that the outspokenness of his political views are keeping him out of the MLB Hall of Fame.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“[Voters] are not hiding the fact that they've stopped voting for me because of the thing I've said on social media,” Schilling said. “That's their prerogative as voters.”
“If I had said, ‘Lynch Trump,' I'd be getting in with about 90 percent of the vote this year,” he added.
Schilling's lifetime regular season numbers included a 216-146 record, 3.46 ERA and 3,116 strikeouts (15th all-time per Baseball Reference) are good career numbers, but his postseason 11-2 record with a 2.23 ERA in 19 starts and three World Series titles make him among the elite.
Schilling did say that if he does not get voted in, then so be it.
He said, “My dad told me when you leave home at 18 the word ‘fair' goes out the window. I'm ok with that.”
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
By Meg Warner
An Oceanfront Situation Room?
The United States House's top investigative committee wants an explanation for reports that President Donald Trump discussed classified information over the weekend as he dined on the open-air patio of his Florida resort, surrounded by wealthy club members also enjoying the terrace.
The chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), sent a letter to the White House Tuesday asking for details about Trump's Saturday night dinner meeting at Mar-a-Lago with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe, which had been photographed by club patrons who witnessed it unfold.
The patio meal occurred around the same time that North Korea fired a ballistic missile, prompting some guests to speculate that the talk at Trump's table was about the launch.
“While the President is always on duty, and cannot dictate the timing of when he needs to receive sensitive information about urgent matters, we hope the White House will cooperate in providing the Committee with additional information,” Chaffetz said in his letter to White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus.
The committee asked the White House to identify documents the president was seen reviewing at the table and detail the security protocols — if there were any — in place, including the ways in which guests at the Palm Beach members-only club are screened. Mar-a-Lago members pay a hefty $200,000 initiation fee as well as annual dues of $14,000.
The White House on Tuesday insisted that the dinner table conversation was about the “logistics” of an upcoming press conference about the nuclear missile — not North Korea's launch itself. Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Trump had been briefed on the launch before the dinner, in a military-grade secure area.
Presidential business as club members watch
News of the dinner table conversation broke after several Mar-a-Lago Club members recounted the situation on social media.
Witnesses said they were on the patio when a “flurry of activity” broke out at Trump's table, where he was dining with Abe and other officials, just after the North Korean missile launch.
Palm Beach Daily News reporter Shannon Donnelly said that she was one of about 100 club members dining on the terrace at the time.
“As staff members and heads of state huddled at the table for 24 [people], printed reports were passed around and examined by the light of cell phones or flashlights. Notes were scribbled. A uniformed service member carrying the battered leather schoolbag moved closer to the table,” she wrote.
Richard DeAgazio, another member, shared photos showing Trump talking on the phone while seated next to Abe.
“HOLY MOLY !! It was fascinating to watch the flurry of activity at dinner when the news came that North Korea had launched a missile in the direction of Japan. … Wow…..the center of the action!!!” he wrote in the now-deleted Facebook post.
Carrying the ‘football'
In a separate Facebook post, DeAgazio posted a photo of himself at Mar-a-Lago with a Trump aide he claimed carried the ‘nuclear football,” a leather bag that contains the nuclear launch codes. The football travels with the president everywhere he goes, so Trump had access to the codes as club members snapped photos during the dinner.
But Trump, of course, isn't the only world leader with access to nuclear power. North Korea boasted about its Saturday launch, calling it a successful test of a new type of missile.
In January, North Korea said it could launch a missile at anytime, and claimed it was forced to ramp up nuclear power due to the U.S.'s hostility toward the Asian nation. While North Korea did not threaten to directly attack the U.S., the comments indicate the ongoing tense relationship between the two countries.
And Trump has returned the hostile tone. On Monday, he vowed to “deal with” the “big, big problem” of North Korea, although he did not elaborate on what that could mean.
During the presidential transaction, Trump said he'd make nuclear power a top priority, and vowed to expand the U.S.'s weapons arsenal. In December, he reportedly encouraged a new arms race, boasting about how the U.S. could ramp up its arms supply.
“We will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all,” he said.
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
April 6 Allergan Plc:
* Allergan and Zeltiq announce expiration of Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period for pending transaction
* Allergan - waiting period under Hart-Scott-Rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976 expired with respect to co's proposed acquisition of Zeltiq
* Allergan Plc - Zeltiq is scheduled to hold stockholder meeting on April 27, to vote on proposed deal, cos expect deal to be completed shortly thereafter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By: Kerry Ingram, Columnist
There are many trends that come and go, and most of them are renewed versions of old fads. Stripes? Expected. Off-the-shoulder tops? Not surprising. Denim? Does it really ever go out of style?
This spring has brought along many of these “redone” trends, however there is one that has actually taken me by surprise, especially because of how common it has become amongst college students.
This season, your boots are made for walking and talking – red shoes are in.
I first saw the trend mentioned in several blog posts a month ago, with collegiate fashion blogger predicting the style's popular emergence. I laughed at the idea. I didn't believe there was any way that such a trend would catch on, at least not on college campuses.
Boy, was I wrong.
The bright hue is taking soles by storm as more collegiate members find creative ways to incorporate such a bold shoe within their outfits. Whether in the form of glamorous, strappy heels or comfortable trainers, red shoes have made their entrance as a force to be reckoned with. This trend is allowing cool college kids to walk to class in style, with minimal effort.
(I have even spotted a Towson professor rocking this trend, to my own amazement.)
So if you're in a rut on what to wear, or how to breathe new life into some of your favorite outfits, just grab a pair of red kicks. Thanks to their current stylish status, you'll be captured by the fashion police for dressing too well – being caught red-handed.
(You know I had to throw in a pun somewhere).
Who is going to decide class sizes and how much money your kids have for activities? You'll decide in Juneau's Oct. 3 municipal election.
Two seats are open on the seven-member Juneau School Board. Three candidates had filed to run today by the 4:30 p.m. cutoff. The board president, Brian Holst is running for re-election according to the City and Borough of Juneau, and Jeff Short and Kevin Allen have their eyes on the two seats.
Sean O'Brien, a school board member who has served on and off since 2005 for a total of nine years, will not seek re-election.
“I think it's really a good time to have others step up and new perspectives,” O'Brien said. “New energy is always good and I think nine years is plenty of time to contribute.”
O'Brien also has plans for more personal and work-related travel.
His advice for the next board member: Be objective.
“When information comes forward, it's so important to be able to evaluate it for what it is and not come too much with preconceived ideas,” he said. “I think the objective lens that we need to put on to make really good decisions, it just can't be overstated enough.”
He also said compromise and making the best decisions for all of the district's kids are key to working on the board.
Brian Holst is a Juneau-Douglas High School graduate. He is director of the Juneau Economic Development Council. He has served three years on the school board and he has been board president for the last two of those years.
Kevin Allen graduated from Thunder Mountain High School in 2016. He was a school board student representative in 2015-2016 and he was a participant in the Alaska Association of School Boards' Youth Advocacy Institute.
Brian Holst during the Tuesday, April 11, 2017 school board meeting at the Thunder Mountain High School Library. (Photo by Quinton Chandler/KTOO) Kevin Allen is running a second time for Juneau School Board. (Photo by Quinton Chandler/KTOO) Jeff Short is one of three candidates running for school board. (Photo courtesy Jeff Short)
Jeff Short moved to Juneau in 1972. He is a retired researcher for the National Marine Fisheries Service. He has a master's degree in physical chemistry and a Ph.D. in fisheries biology.
Short said during his time with NOAA, he studied the long-term effects of the Exxon Valdez oil spill and he was consulted for the lawsuit that followed the Deepwater Horizon spill.
The European Commission's Report on Turkey, issued on April 17, 2018, has prompted a storm of criticism from Ankara, as it has yet again postponed granting the country EU visa-free travel benefits. Speaking to Sputnik, former Minister of European Union Affairs Egemen Bagis stressed that Brussels risks alienating Turkey.
The European Union is consciously or unconsciously alienating Turkey and pushing it to seek new alternatives to the bloc, former Minister of European Union Affairs Egemen Bagis told Sputnik Turkey, commenting on the recent EU Progress Report stating that Ankara has yet to accomplish 7 out of 72 criteria necessary for visa liberalization.
The ex-minister denounced the EU double-standard policy on granting the Schengen visa benefits: "I wonder what specific criteria have been met by the United Arab Emirates (UAE) so that their citizens gained the right to move freely across the Schengen zone," Bagis asked rhetorically.
The Turkish politician called attention to the fact that Bulgaria and Romania joined the European bloc despite significant violations of human rights taking place in these countries.
"During my tenure [as minister of EU affairs], I suggested: 'Let's organize a two-hour trip to both countries [Turkey and Bulgaria] from the Turkish-Bulgarian border and compare the situation with respect to human rights there.' This proposal remains relevant today, as it reflects the current situation."
© Sputnik / Alexey Vitvitsky ‘Massive Backsliding': Turkey Bid to Join EU Bloc Doomed Says New Evaluation
The decision to ease the visa regime for Turkish citizens kicked off in 2016 as a part of the EU-Turkey refugee agreement, which was aimed at preventing the influx of migrants from the Middle East to the European bloc. The deal, which was signed on March 18, 2016, envisaged providing Turkey 6 billion euros ($7.3 billion) in financial aid, as well as visa-free benefits for Turkish citizens.
However, according to Deutsche Welle, there are a number of contradictions between Ankara and Brussels over the agreement. For example, the European Commission (EC) previously reported that it had transferred 3 billion euros to Turkey and decided in March 2018 to make available the second installment of 3 billion euros. For its part, Ankara claimed that it had so far received only 1.85 billion euros from Brussels. The media outlet specifies that "financial assistance from the EU fund reaches Turkey through projects," stressing that "the aid is not delivered to the government's coffers."
On the other hand, on February 7, 2018 Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's spokesman, Ibrahim Kalin, announced that Turkey had completed all of the European Union's 72 criteria to receive visa free travel to the bloc. Still, the EC has its own opinion on the issue.
The EC's "Key findings of the 2018 Report on Turkey" read that Ankara should immediately lift the state of emergency declared in the wake of the attempted coup of July 15, 2016, adding that in this context, the April 2017 referendum in Turkey raised serious concerns.
"Under the state of emergency, the Parliament's key function as legislative power was curtailed, as the government resorted to emergency decrees with 'the force of law' to also regulate issues which should have been processed under the ordinary legislative procedure," the document said.
The EC's fact sheet also emphasized that the situation in Turkey's south-east remains one of the country's most acute problems, referring to the long-standing conflict between Ankara and the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), designated as a terrorist organization in Turkey.
Among other issues, the document criticized the country's judicial system as well as the situation with respect for human and fundamental rights.
"As regards the implementation of the Visa Liberalization Roadmap, at the beginning of February, Turkey submitted to the European Commission a work plan outlining how Turkey plans to fulfil the seven outstanding visa liberalization benchmarks. The Commission is assessing Turkey's proposals and further consultations with the Turkish counterparts will follow," the fact sheet pointed out.
© AP Photo / Michael Sohn Austrian and German Ministers Disagree on Prospect of Turkey's EU Accession
Commenting on the EC's report, Cengiz Candar, Turkish author and journalist, noted in his op-ed for Al-Monitor that it was "like the final nail in the coffin of Turkey's long-running bid for acceptance."
The journalist noted that Ankara was "quick to respond" to what French diplomat Marc Pierini, a former EU ambassador in Ankara called the "Turkey Regress Report."
"Unfortunately, the European Commission showed that it was once again unwilling to understand the difficulties of the period we are passing through. Although we have explained these issues repeatedly supported by documentation, the Commission was unable to be objective and balanced," the Turkish Foreign Ministry's statement said.
However, the ministry noted that "despite all the negativity in the EU's approach, EU membership continues to remain [Turkey's] strategic priority."
The views and opinions expressed by Egemen Bagis are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
LEONARDTOWN, Md. – One person died and two other people were hurt after a military helicopter crashed in southern Maryland Monday, several sources reported.
Maryland State Police said an Army helicopter crashed around 11 a.m. at Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown, WTOP reported. They requested two medical helicopters to assist with victims.
Authorities did not release the number of injured people who were aboard the helicopter. Although, several sources in Maryland reported one fatality and two people suffered injuries.
Kevin Bowen, who works in the golf course pro shop, told WTOP he saw the helicopter “flying kind of low” and then “saw it spinning” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course.
TheBayNet.com reported that the aircraft was an Army Black Hawk helicopter.
Pictures of rescuers standing on and near the wreckage were posted on Twitter.
–@USArmy helicopter crash site is on the Breton Bay golf course in #Maryland. One fatality reported. https://t.co/SR51m0HcUX pic.twitter.com/7H4mCJnrXo — Steve Herman (@W7VOA) April 17, 2017
Tel Aviv is reportedly attempting to maintain a qualitative edge in its F-35s by pressuring its US allies not to sell software upgrading the stealth fighter's capabilities to Turkey. Speaking to Sputnik, Turkish geopolitical analyst Murat Yesiltas outlined what he believes is Israel's chief concern.
Sputnik: It has been reported that Israel has been seeking to convince the United States not to sell certain software from the F-35s to Turkey. Do you know what software they are referring to?
Murat Yesiltas: There is no clear information coming from the Israeli side, but I think Israel is trying to speculate on Turkey's F-35 fighter jets from the United States; I think this is the strategy implemented by Israel. As you know, Turkey has been an important contributor to this project, and Israel has not.
But after Turkey's receipt of more than thirty F-35s, I think that's going to change the balance of power in the region. And that's the main reason why Israel is talking about [this issue].
Sputnik: Do you think Israel is concerned regarding Turkey's defense capabilities?
Murat Yesiltas: Yes, of course. When we look at the last fifteen years in Turkey, we can easily say that Turkey's defense industry has been rising dramatically compared to other countries in the region. In that regard, I think national product is one of the important components of Turkey's defense industry.
Turkey is now producing more than 57% of its national defense industry products. This is very important, and compared to Israel's defense capabilities, Turkey is in a good place in terms of developing these technologies; [the same is true] in terms of aligning with different countries such as Russia.
Therefore, we can easily say that there is competition between Turkey and Israel over the defense industry; and not only defense technologies. There is also competition over Turkey's strategic decision about the air missile system from Russia, for example.
© AP Photo / Burhan Ozbilici Turkey's first domestically produced MBT, the Altay, seen during a military parade in Ankara, Turkey, Sunday, Aug. 30, 2015.
Murat Yesiltas: Of course the S-400 missile system is one of the important strategic defense systems in Turkey, and if Ankara receives this system at the end of 2019, it will be a game changer for regional countries in terms of protecting Turkey's national security, and in terms of comparison with other regional countries' military capabilities. It's also a sign for Turkey's increasing rapprochement with Russia.
As you know, Turkey is one of the most important countries within the structure of NATO's security architecture, and many believe that the S-400 purchase will undermine NATO's security architecture. But as we know, Turkey will use this system as a standalone system, and will not integrate it with NATO's assistance…
I think that this kind of strategic rapprochement between Russia and Turkey will also be a potential threat for Turkey-US relations in the coming future. Therefore, Israel I think is trying to undermine Turkey-United States relations by saying that Turkey-Russian rapprochement is undermining NATO's security structure.
Sputnik: The other issue serving as a stumbling block in relations between Turkey and the US is of course Washington's support for Kurds in Syria. Do you think this issue can be overcome?
Murat Yesiltas: I think this is a possibility, but I would rather frame US support not toward the Kurds but towards the PKK or YPG in the region. As you know the PKK is listed as a terrorist organization by the United States and NATO, and in that context cooperating with a terrorist organization in order to defeat other terrorist organization is not a good idea; [this is the case] not only in terms of international norms or laws, but also in terms of a decades-long relationship between two NATO countries.
© AP Photo / Hussein Malla Turkey, US to Decide Jointly How to Govern Syria's Manbij After Kurdish Withdrawal- Ankara
I think the Manbij issue will be one of the first tests between the two capitals after the Turkish presidential election on June 24. Next week, Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu will visit Washington to talk details about the Manbij issue. I think the two countries are going to agree over the removal of PKK or YPG forces from Manbij, but I don't think there is a potential for agreement between the countries over the PYD on the other side of the Euphrates River in northeastern Syria.
Both countries are trying to find a good and comprehensive solution to reach a common understanding with regards to Syrian territorial integrity, with regard to Syrian patriots. Therefore, I think this is a very important issue that the two countries will have to deal with in the near future.
© AP Photo / Hussein Malla A U.S. soldier, left, sits on an armored vehicle behind a sand barrier at a newly installed position near the tense front line between the U.S-backed Syrian Manbij Military Council and the Turkish-backed fighters, in Manbij, north Syria, Wednesday, April 4, 2018
Murat Yesiltas is director of security studies at the Foundation for Political, Economic and Social Research (Turkish acronym SETA) in Ankara. The views and opinions expressed by Mr. Yesiltas are those of the observer and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
Q: I plan to do a bathroom upgrade, not a full remodel job. Presently, I don't have a medicine cabinet and just want to replace the old mirror with a new trendy mirror. Since you're usually up-to-date on bathroom technology, can you please make some modern mirror suggestions for my bathroom?
A: Like everywhere else, electronic components have also started showing up in our bathroom mirrors.
Many of today's popular medicine cabinets include lighted doors, and now LED lighted wall mirrors are becoming hot products as well. Thin built-in LED light strips are actually part of the mirror and cast a bright, even, natural-looking light. Lighted mirrors can also be used as mood or accent lighting with the addition of an LED dimmer switch.
Some mirrors also have pivoting side panels to adjust the light beam and your personal view.
The United Nations blacklisted a Saudi Arabia-led military coalition on Thursday for killing and injuring 683 children in Yemen and attacking dozens of schools and hospitals in 2016, even as it said the coalition had taken action to improve child protection.
The blacklist attached to the U.N. annual report on children in armed conflict also named the Iran-allied Houthi rebel group, Yemen government forces, pro-government militia and Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula for violations against children in 2016.
The U.N. report said the Houthis and affiliated forces killed and injured 414 children in 2016.
The report from U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres was submitted to the Security Council on Thursday and seen by Reuters. A draft of the blacklist was reported by Reuters on Tuesday.
The actions of the Saudi-led coalition “objectively led” to it being blacklisted for killing and injuring 683 children and for 38 attacks on schools and hospitals last year, the report said, adding that all incidents were verified by the U.N.
The coalition had been briefly added to the blacklist in 2016 and then removed by then-U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon pending review. At the time, Ban accused Saudi Arabia of exerting “unacceptable” undue pressure after sources told Reuters that Riyadh threatened to cut some U.N. funding. Saudi Arabia denied threatening Ban.
In an effort to dampen controversy surrounding the report, the blacklist this year is split into two categories. One lists parties that have put in place measures to protect children, which includes the Saudi-led military coalition, and the other includes parties that have not.
The report, which was produced by U.N. Children and Armed Conflict envoy Virginia Gamba and issued in Guterres' name, does not subject those listed to U.N. action but rather shames parties to conflicts in the hope of pushing them to implement measures to protect children.
‘EMPTY PROMISES'
Guterres spoke with Saudi King Salman by phone on Wednesday. U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said: “They had a very positive discussion on issues of mutual interest, including the situation in the Middle East and beyond.”
Saudi U.N. Ambassador Abdallah Al-Mouallimi plans to hold a news conference on Friday.
Yemen has been devastated by more than two years of civil war in which President Abd-Rabu Mansour Hadi's government, backed by the Saudi-led coalition, is fighting to drive the Houthis out of cities they seized in 2014 and 2015.
More than 10,000 people have been killed and the conflict has ruined the economy and pushed millions to the brink of famine. The Houthis control much of northern Yemen, including the capital, Sanaa.
U.N. sanctions monitors reported to the Security Council in January that the Saudi-led coalition had carried out attacks in Yemen that “may amount to war crimes.” Riyadh denies the allegation.
The U.N. sanctions monitors said at the time that the coalition was made up of Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt, Jordan, Morocco and Sudan.
The coalition has received limited U.S. support, including in logistics. Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are major recipients of U.S. arms. Saudi Arabia is also a major customer of British defense companies.
“The coalition needs to stop making empty promises to exercise caution, take concrete action to stop these deadly unlawful attacks in Yemen, and allow desperately needed fuel and aid to reach those in need,” said Jo Becker, children's rights advocacy director at Human Rights Watch.
“Until this happens, governments should suspend all Saudi weapons sales,” she said.
The annual children and armed conflict report is produced at the request of the U.N. Security Council. In 2015 the United Nations left Israel and the Palestinian militant group Hamas off the blacklist, after they had been included in an earlier draft, but criticized Israel over its 2014 military operations.
Banner / Thumbnail : Reuters, Naif Rahma
Description :
Transmission Bearings-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Transmission Bearings industry, standing on the readers' perspective, delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights. No matter the client is industry insider, potential entrant or investor, the report will provides useful data and information. Key questions answered by this report include:
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Transmission Bearings 2013-2017, and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Transmission Bearings worldwide, with company and product introduction, position in the Transmission Bearings market
Market status and development trend of Transmission Bearings by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Transmission Bearings, and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/3023336-transmission-bearings-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Transmission Bearings market as:
Global Transmission Bearings Market: Regional Segment Analysis (Regional Production Volume, Consumption Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023):
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Transmission Bearings Market: Type Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume, Average Price, Revenue, Market Share and Trend 2013-2023):
Deep Groove Ball Bearing
Cylinder Roller Bearing
Tapered Roller Bearing
Needle Bearing
Others
Global Transmission Bearings Market: Application Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis)
Passenger Cars
Commercial Vehicles
Global Transmission Bearings Market: Manufacturers Segment Analysis (Company and Product introduction, Transmission Bearings Sales Volume, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin):
NSK
NTN Bearing
Schaeffler
BorgWarner
Honeywell
JTEKT
SKF
Timken
ZOLLERN
Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/3023336-transmission-bearings-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 Overview of Transmission Bearings
1.1 Definition of Transmission Bearings in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Transmission Bearings
1.2.1 Deep Groove Ball Bearing
1.2.2 Cylinder Roller Bearing
1.2.3 Tapered Roller Bearing
1.2.4 Needle Bearing
1.2.5 Others
1.3 Downstream Application of Transmission Bearings
1.3.1 Passenger Cars
1.3.2 Commercial Vehicles
1.4 Development History of Transmission Bearings
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Transmission Bearings 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Transmission Bearings Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Transmission Bearings Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Transmission Bearings 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Transmission Bearings by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Transmission Bearings by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Transmission Bearings by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Transmission Bearings by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Transmission Bearings by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Transmission Bearings by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Transmission Bearings by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Transmission Bearings by Types
3.2 Production Value of Transmission Bearings by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Transmission Bearings by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Transmission Bearings by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Transmission Bearings by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Transmission Bearings
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Transmission Bearings Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Transmission Bearings Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Transmission Bearings by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Transmission Bearings by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Transmission Bearings by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Transmission Bearings Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Transmission Bearings Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger, Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Transmission Bearings Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 NSK
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Transmission Bearings Product
7.1.3 Transmission Bearings Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of NSK
7.2 NTN Bearing
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Transmission Bearings Product
7.2.3 Transmission Bearings Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of NTN Bearing
7.3 Schaeffler
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Transmission Bearings Product
7.3.3 Transmission Bearings Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Schaeffler
7.4 BorgWarner
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Transmission Bearings Product
7.4.3 Transmission Bearings Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of BorgWarner
7.5 Honeywell
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Transmission Bearings Product
7.5.3 Transmission Bearings Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Honeywell
Continued…….
CONTACT US:
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales@wiseguyreports.com
http://www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)
Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)
A A
Aaron Rodgers vs. Eli Manning will headline the NFL's wild-card weekend.
Rodgers tossed four touchdown passes to help the Green Bay Packers capture the NFC North title with a 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night. The Packers (10-6) will host the Giants (11-5) next Sunday while the Lions (9-7) visit Seattle (10-5-1) on Saturday night.
New York's 19-10 win at Washington eliminated the Redskins (8-7-1) and allowed the Packers and Lions to secure playoff spots before their game kicked off. But the teams are heading in opposite directions. The Packers have won six in a row while the Lions lost three straight.
Earlier in the day, Matt Ryan and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5) secured a first-round bye with a 38-32 win over New Orleans. The Seahawks beat San Francisco 25-23 and earned the No. 3 seed.
The Cowboys (13-3) already locked up the NFC's No. 1 seed before they played last week.
In the AFC, Tom Brady and the Patriots (14-2) beat Miami 35-14 to secure the No. 1 seed and home-field advantage throughout the playoffs. The Chiefs (12-4) clinched a first-round bye thanks to Denver's win over Oakland coupled with their victory over San Diego.
The Raiders (12-4) fell from No. 2 to the fifth spot and will open the playoffs on the road at Houston (9-7). That matchup could feature rookie quarterback Connor Cook making his first career start for the Raiders after they lost Derek Carr last week and backup Matt McGloin went down in the second quarter against the Broncos.
The Texans also have uncertainty at quarterback. Tom Savage sustained a concussion in a loss at Tennessee and was replaced by former starter Brock Osweiler.
The Steelers (11-5) will host the Dolphins (10-6) in the AFC's other wild-card game.
Here's a look at the playoff teams by seed:
NFC
1. DALLAS COWBOYS: Dak Prescott only played two series and Ezekiel Elliott sat out a loss at Philadelphia to get ready for the playoffs. The Cowboys will open against Green Bay, New York or Detroit on Jan. 15 at 1:40 p.m.
2. ATLANTA FALCONS: They will host Seattle, Green Bay or New York on Jan. 14 at 1:35 p.m.
3. SEATTLE SEAHAWKS: Russell Wilson and the Seahawks start their drive for a third NFC championship title in four seasons against the Lions next Saturday at 5:15 p.m.
4. GREEN BAY PACKERS: Rodgers has the Packers riding high into the playoffs. They were a No. 6 seed in 2010 when the last won a Super Bowl. Green Bay plays the Giants in this season's final wild-card game next Sunday at 1:40 p.m.
5. NEW YORK GIANTS: Were locked into the No. 5 seed, but Manning played the entire game and the Giants knocked out the Redskins. Manning has won two playoff games at Lambeau Field, beating Brett Favre and the Packers in a frigid NFC championship game following the 2007 season.
6. DETROIT LIONS: Wilson, Richard Sherman and The 12s stand in the way of Detroit's first playoff win since the 1991 season.
AFC
1. NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS: Brady and coach Bill Belichick will begin their quest for a fifth Super Bowl championship against either Houston, Oakland or Miami on Jan. 14 at 5:15 p.m.
2. KANSAS CITY CHIEFS: Coach Andy Reid is 3-0 in divisional playoff games when his team has a bye. All three wins came with the Eagles. The Chiefs open against Pittsburgh, Houston or Oakland on Jan. 15 at 10:05 a.m.
3. PITTSBURGH STEELERS: Ben Roethlisberger, Le'Veon Bell and Antonio Brown had an early bye. They sat out an overtime win over Cleveland in preparation for the Dolphins next Sunday at 10:05 a.m.
4. HOUSTON TEXANS: They need to sort out their quarterback issues before the Raiders visit next Saturday at 1:35 p.m. Oakland beat Houston 27-20 in Mexico City on Nov. 21.
5. OAKLAND RAIDERS: Carr's season-ending injury deflated a team making its first playoff appearance since losing the 2003 Super Bowl to Tampa Bay.
6. MIAMI DOLPHINS: It's unknown whether QB Ryan Tannehill will return from injury when the Dolphins play their first playoff game in eight years. Matt Moore was 2-1 in Tannehill's absence.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden — Your pets may be pestering you to get up and feed them, and your spouse may want you to get started on that honey-do list, but tell them you're sleeping in this weekend. Science says it may help you live longer, especially if you don't get enough rest during the week.
Scientists have long known about the connection between how much you sleep and how long you live. Lack of sleep can have dire consequences for your health. It can give you heart problems or hurt your waistline, and it can leave you anxious and depressed. But channeling your inner cat and sleeping too much can be just as bad for your health, studies have found.
However, research has often overlooked what happens on your days off, said sleep researcher Torbjörn Åkerstedt, co-author of a study published in the Journal of Sleep Research.
He was “quite surprised” by what researchers found when they focused on that block of time.
“Apparently, sleeping in on the weekends can be a real help,” said Åkerstedt, a professor and director of the Stress Research Institute at Stockholm University.
The study looked at 43,880 people in Sweden, asking them about their sleep habits and following up 13 years later. It found that people who regularly slept about five hours or less a night, including on weekends, saw a higher mortality rate — the likelihood of death during the study period — compared with those who regularly got seven hours. People who slept too much, regularly conking out for eight hours or longer a night, also had a worse mortality rate.
But when the short sleepers slept in on the weekends, their mortality rate did not differ from that of the consistent seven-hour-a-night sleepers. That was true only for those under 65; the mortality difference disappeared for people who were older.
Åkerstedt notes that seven hours is not a hard and fast rule; some people might need more and others less. “If you can function on what you get, you are likely getting the right amount of sleep.”
The study has its limitations, as participants were asked to recall their sleep patterns rather than being observed sleeping, but Åkerstedt has an idea about what might be driving this difference in mortality.
It's not so much about being able to store up sleep, but he thinks short sleepers who are changing their habits on the weekends are making up for some of what they lost during the week.
Sleep expert Michael Grandner explains it this way: Most people who are considered “short sleepers” are probably just shy of getting seven hours. They might sleep six hours or slightly less. They are the ones who can compensate with longer rest on the weekends, because there is not as much of a deficit.
Sleep is something you need to replenish regularly if you don't want to hurt your health. “It's a fundamental part of our biology, like breathing. It's a requirement,” said Grandner, director of the Sleep and Health Research Program and an assistant professor in the Department of Psychiatry in the University of Arizona College of Medicine – Tucson. He was not involved in the new study.
“What happens is, if you are well-rested, your sleep drive will be low in the morning, and it builds and builds over the day, when at night you need to go to bed to relieve that pressure for sleep. If you don't get enough sleep, you wake up with that sleep pressure and start the day with a higher need for it.
“It's like with your diet. If you eat OK during the week and you splurge a little on the weekend, you probably aren't hurting your health, but if you eat crap all week, no amount of Brussels sprouts or kale that you eat on the weekends can make up for that,” he said.
Åkerstedt has done a lot of sleep studies over the years, but he said this one has captured a lot of attention. He thinks a lot of people may relate to sleeping less during the week and, at the very least, may want to have an excuse for sleeping in on our days off.
“I think people like the idea that you can compensate for lost sleep,” Åkerstedt said. “Perhaps it's giving them hope that this habit is in some way good for them.”
Democratic senatorial candidate Doug Jones, leaves after speaking at a campaign rally Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Birmingham, Ala. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson) Pastor Arthur Price Jr., preaches during a 16th Street Baptist church service, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Birmingham, Ala. Price told the mostly black congregation that Alabama's U.S. Senate election is too important to skip. "There's too much at stake for us to stay home," Price said of Tuesday's election. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson) FILE- In this June 21, 2016 file photo, Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., listens at a U.S. monetary policy meeting on Capitol Hill in Washington. Most statewide Republican officeholders in Alabama say they're voting for Roy Moore for U.S. Senate. But the state's senior U.S. senator, Shelby, didn't vote for Moore. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File) FILE - In this Dec. 5, 2017 photo, former Alabama Chief Justice and U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks at a campaign rally, in Fairhope Ala. Alabama voters pick between Republican Roy Moore and Democrat Doug Jones on Tuesday. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson, File)
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. | Alabama Democrats see Tuesday's special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect President Donald Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
At the center are Republican Roy Moore, a former jurist twice removed as state chief justice and now accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago, and Democrat Doug Jones, an erstwhile federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in the 1963 bombing of Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
And while Trump himself didn't campaign in the state after Moore was hit with allegations of sexual misconduct, the president recorded an audio message for robocalls that went to voters on Monday — underscoring the importance to Trump's agenda of keeping the seat in Republican hands.
The matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
“This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for,” Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that his campaign “is on the right side of history.” At an earlier appearance, he declared Alabama is “at a crossroads” and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to “create conflict and division.”
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
“Elect a responsible man to a responsible office,” Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. “I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom,” said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, “will be a whole new bottom.”
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that he did not vote for Moore, saying he wrote in another “distinguished” party figure he declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that he molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
“Everyone has to vote their convictions,” said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as he held his Bible outside his Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. “My conviction is he's the right man for the job.”
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands “on the word of God.” Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
Moore encourages that view with fundraising emails that urge backers to help him “defeat the elite,” a swipe at both Democrats and the establishment Republicans who tried to deny him the GOP nomination earlier this year.
Ultimately, Republicans from Moore to Trump himself are betting on a simple bottom line: Most Alabama conservatives simply won't defect to a Democrat.
“If Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones, all of our progress will be stopped cold,” Trump says in a robocall the Moore campaign plans to push out Monday.
The president also invokes a common fear among Republicans, calling Jones “a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer,” the Democratic House and Senate leaders in Washington, both of them reviled by conservative voters. “Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our Make American Great Again agenda,” the president insists.
Moore's baggage could make it difficult to draw conclusions about what the results might mean beyond Alabama, but both parties are watching closely.
Democrats need to flip 24 GOP-held seats to reclaim a House majority, and they're trying to dent the slim Republican advantage in the Senate and its dominance of statehouses around the country. In many of those races, they'll need the same thing Jones must get to win in Alabama: strong turnout among young and non-white voters, along with improved performance among suburban moderates.
A Jones victory would be hailed as a potential precursor, and Democrats have indicated they have a post-Alabama strategy even if Jones loses: They'll take Alabama's brand national, hammering Republicans as “the party of Donald Trump and Roy Moore.”
—–
Barrow reported from Mobile, Alabama. Follow Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https://twitter.com/StatehouseKim.
VOL. 41 | NO. 49 | Friday, December 08, 2017
NEW YORK (AP) — Some women, and men, worry the same climate that's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues.
Forget private meetings and get-to-know-you dinners. Beware of banter. Think twice before a high-ranking man mentors a young female staffer.
"I have already heard the rumblings of a backlash: 'This is why you shouldn't hire women,'" Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg wrote in a recent post .
"So much good is happening to fix workplaces right now. Let's make sure it does not have the unintended consequence of holding women back," said Sandberg, author of the working women's manifesto "Lean In."
Ana Quincoces, a Miami-based attorney and entrepreneur who owns her own food line, says her business and its success involves working mostly with men, and sales and other activities are often concluded over lunch or drinks. Those opportunities, she says, are dwindling, because many of the men she knows through her business "are terrified."
"There's a feeling of this wall that wasn't there that is suddenly up because they don't know what's appropriate anymore — it's disconcerting," Quincoces said. "I feel that they're more careful, more formal in their relationships with co-workers. And I can't say I blame them, because what's happened is pervasive. Every day there's a new accusation."
She said many of the men she knows are now avoiding one-on-one social occasions that were normal in the past.
"This is going to trickle down into all industries. ... It's going to become the new normal," Quincoces said. "It's a good thing because women are not afraid anymore, but on the other side, it's a slippery slope."
Americans were already edgy about male-female encounters at work: A New York Times/Morning Consult poll of 5,300 men and women last spring found almost two-thirds thought workers should be extra careful around opposite-sex colleagues, and around a quarter thought private work meetings between men and women were inappropriate.
But in a season of outcry over sexual misconduct, some men are suddenly wondering whether they can compliment a female colleague or ask about her weekend. Even a now-former female adviser to the head of Pennsylvania's Democratic Party suggested on Facebook that men would stop talking to women altogether because of what she portrayed as overblown sexual misconduct claims.
Certain managers are considering whether to make sure they're never alone with a staffer, despite the complications of adding a third person in situations like performance reviews, says Philippe Weiss, who runs the Chicago-based consultancy Seyfarth Shaw at Work.
Philadelphia employment lawyer Jonathan Segal says some men are declaring they'll just shut people out of their offices, rather than risk exchanges that could be misconstrued.
"The avoidance issue is my biggest concern, because the marginalization of women in the business world is at least as big a problem as harassment," Segal says. A recent report involving 222 North American companies found the percentage of women drops from 47 percent at the entry level to 20 percent in the C suite.
Vice President Mike Pence has long said he doesn't have one-on-one meals with any woman except his wife and wants her by his side anywhere alcohol is served, as part of the couple's commitment to prioritizing their marriage. The guidelines have "been a blessing to us," the Republican told Christian Broadcasting Network News in an interview this month.
Employment attorneys caution that it can be problematic to curb interactions with workers because of their gender, if the practice curtails their professional opportunities. W. Brad Johnson, a co-author of a book encouraging male mentors for women, says limiting contact sends a troubling message.
"If I were unwilling to have an individual conversation with you because of your gender, I'm communicating 'you're unreliable; you're a risk,'" says Johnson, a U.S. Naval Academy psychology professor.
Jessica Proud, a communications professional and Republican political consultant in New York City, said it would be wrong if this national "day of reckoning" over sexual misconduct resulted in some men deciding not to hire, mentor or work with women. She recalled a campaign she worked on where she was told she couldn't travel with the candidate because of how it might look.
"I'm a professional, he's a professional. Why should my career experience be limited?" she said. "That's just as insulting in a lot of ways."
___
Associated Press writers Verena Dobnik in New York, David Klepper in Albany, N.Y. and Andrew Welsh-Huggins in Columbus, Ohio, contributed to this report.
× Washington governor signs theatrical wrestling bill
OLYMPIA, Wash. — Gov. Jay Inslee, sitting alongside masked wrestlers, signed a bill Monday that creates a license for theatrical wrestling schools.
Inslee called the sport the “richest cultural tradition in the United States.” The bill aligns theatrical wrestling – popularly known for chair-throwing, body-slamming, and rehearsed matches seen on television – with other schools that operate under the same licensing framework such as martial arts studios and boxing facilities.
“Sometimes one size does not fit all,” Inslee said at the bill signing ceremony. “The regulatory requirements right now just don't make sense for Lucha Libre.”
Lucha Libre is traditional Mexican style wrestling featuring masked participants.
House Bill 1420, sponsored by Democratic Rep. Zack Hudgins of Tukwila, passed the House on a 95-2 vote last month and received unanimous approval in the Senate. Legislators often refer to the legislation as the “Lucha bill” because Lucha Libre Volcánica had been heavily involved in previous versions.
Under the measure, any licensed theatrical wrestling school would be allowed to schedule a certain number of public performances and require an emergency aide be present at events. Trainees or students are exempt from obtaining a license.
One of the masked wrestlers who stood by Inslee, Rey Jaguar of Lucha Libre Volcánica, said after the bill signing he's excited to see how it changes wrestling in the state.
“I'm happy because this means it's going to be more easy for us to put on shows around the state,” Jaguar said, who added they perform about one show per month.
For years, the Department of Licensing required promoters to pay 6 percent of the cash made from any event, plus $1 for every ticket sold at the show. Promoters also had to buy licenses for all participants and pay for paramedics and an ambulance to stand by during shows, which can cost over $1000.
Jake Stratton of 3-2-1 BATTLE, one of the groups that advocated for the bill, said the main event in the state has been the World Wrestling Entertainment because smaller organizations can't afford the burdensome fees and regulations. However, he said even WWE superstars have to travel outside of the state to train because Washington lacks theatrical wrestling facilities.
“The goal of this legislation has been to help stimulate smaller scale wrestling shows and allow promoters and students to grow their skills,” Stratton said.
There is no shortage of different KDE music/media player projects over the years but one of the most promising in recent times is Elisa. This week marks the second alpha release for the Elisa music player.Elisa was only announced last year as a new music player initiative building atop Qt5 and KDE Frameworks 5 while following the KDE VDG style guidelines, etc. Back in December marked the first alpha release while coming out yesterday was the second alpha for Elisa.The Elisa music player remains committed to being "simple and nice to use", integrate well with the Plasma desktop, and be reliable and respect user privacy.
Found in Elisa Alpha 2 were more user-interface improvements, performance improvements for the file indexer, new options, support for reading/writing M3U playlists, and support for showing track metadata.Elisa Alpha 2 (v0.0.81) is available as packages for popular distributions like Fedora, Ubuntu, and Arch while there are also automatic Flatpak builds too. Elisa is also supported on Windows.More details on Elisa Alpha 2 via the release announcement
Infectious Disease Testing Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Infectious Disease Testing Market by technology (molecular testing, microbiology and immunodiagnostics), by product (equipment, reagents, software), by region (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and RoW) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Infectious Disease Testing Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Infectious Disease Testing Market are Abbott Laboratories, Becton, Dickinson & Co, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Siemens Healthcare, Roche Diagnostics, Gen-Probe, Inc., Johnson and Johnson, bioMeriux SA and Alere, Inc. According to report the global infectious disease testing market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 8.3% over the forecast period of 2017-2023.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: –https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/316
The Increased Adoption of Advanced Technologies, Shifting Healthcare Trend Towards More Precise, Safer and Effective Diagnosis and Advances in Molecular Biology to be the Key Factors Fueling the Growth of Infectious Disease Testing Market
Infectious diseases are disorders caused by organisms such as bacteria, viruses, fungi or parasites. Many organisms live in and on our bodies. They're normally harmless or even helpful, but under certain conditions, some organisms may cause disease. Some infectious diseases can be passed from person to person. Some are diffused by bites from insects or animals. And others are acquired by feeding contaminated food or water or being exposed to organisms in the environment. Signs and symptoms vary depending on the organism causing the infection, but often include fever and fatigue. Mild infections may respond to rest and home remedies, while some life-threatening infections may require hospitalization. Many infectious diseases, such as measles and chickenpox, can be prevented by vaccines. Early diagnosis and treatment of these infectious diseases will play a crucial role in avoiding long-term complications. Molecular testing, microbiology and immunodiagnostics are the key diagnosis methods available.
Population about Communicable Diseases, Reducing Immunity Levels, Growing Prevalence of Infectious Diseases and Rise in Demand for Point Of Care Diagnostics Are the Key Driving Factors for the Growth of this Market
Rise in base of geriatric population, increasing awareness among the population about communicable diseases, reducing immunity levels, growing prevalence of infectious diseases and rise in demand for point of care diagnostics are the key driving factors for the growth of this market. In addition, increased adoption of advanced technologies, shifting healthcare trend towards more precise, safer and effective diagnosis and advances in molecular biology are creating lucrative growth opportunities in the coming years.
Segment Covered
The report on global infectious disease testing market covers segments such as, technology, product, application and end user. On the basis of technology the global infectious disease testing market is categorized into molecular testing, microbiology and immunodiagnostics. On the basis of product the global infectious disease testing market is categorized into equipment, reagents and software. On the basis of application the global infectious disease testing market is categorized into hepatitis, HIV, methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infection, human papillomavirus (HPV), respiratory tract infections and others. On the basis of end user the global infectious disease testing market is categorized into hospitals laboratories, reference labs, physician office labs, academics lab and others.
North America Accounted for the Largest Share of the Global Infectious Disease Diagnostics Market
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015-2023.The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017-2023.
Major Key Players Mentioned in this Report:
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global infectious disease testing market such as, Abbott Laboratories, Becton, Dickinson & Co, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Siemens Healthcare, Roche Diagnostics, Gen-Probe, Inc., Johnson and Johnson, bioMeriux SA and Alere, Inc.
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the global infectious disease testing market. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and DRO analysis of infectious disease testing market. Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2017-2023. We also have highlighted future trends in the infectious disease testing market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market share of the leading players. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers and distributors of the infectious disease testing market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Table of Contents:-
1. Preface
1.1. Report Description
1.2. Research Methods
1.3. Research Approaches
3. Executive Summary
3. Global Infectious Disease Testing Market Overview
3.1. Introduction
3.2. Market Dynamics
3.2.1. Drivers
3.2.2. Restraints
3.2.3. Opportunities
3.3. Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4. IGR-Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5. Competitive Landscape in the Global Infectious Disease Testing Market
4. Global Infectious Disease Testing Market by Technology
4.1. Molecular Testing
4.2. Microbiology
4.3. Immunodiagnostics
5. Global Infectious Disease Testing Market by Product
5.1. Equipment
5.2. Reagents
5.3. Software
6. Global Infectious Disease Testing Market by Application
6.1. Hepatitis
6.2. HIV
6.3. Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (MRSA) Infection
6.4. Human Papillomavirus (HPV)
6.5. Respiratory Tract Infections
6.6. Others
7. Global Infectious Disease Testing Market by End User
7.1. Hospitals Laboratories
7.2. Reference Labs
7.3. Physician Office Labs
7.4. Academics Lab
7.5. Others
8. Global Infectious Disease Testing Market by Region 2017-2023
8.1. North America
8.1.1. North America Infectious Disease Testing Market by Technology
8.1.2. North America Infectious Disease Testing Market by Product
8.1.3. North America Infectious Disease Testing Market by Application
8.1.4. North America Infectious Disease Testing Market by End User
8.1.5. North America Infectious Disease Testing Market by Country
8.2. Europe
8.2.1. Europe Infectious Disease Testing Market by Technology
8.2.2. Europe Infectious Disease Testing Market by Product
8.2.3. Europe Infectious Disease Testing Market by Application
8.2.4. Europe Infectious Disease Testing Market by End User
8.2.5. Europe Infectious Disease Testing Market by Country
8.3. Asia-Pacific
8.3.1. Asia-Pacific Infectious Disease Testing Market by Technology
8.3.2. Asia-Pacific Infectious Disease Testing Market by Product
8.3.3. Asia-Pacific Infectious Disease Testing Market by Application
8.3.4. Asia-Pacific Infectious Disease Testing Market by End User
8.3.5. Asia-Pacific Infectious Disease Testing Market by Country
8.4. RoW
8.4.1. RoW Infectious Disease Testing Market by Technology
8.4.2. RoW Infectious Disease Testing Market by Product
8.4.3. RoW Infectious Disease Testing Market by Application
8.4.4. RoW Infectious Disease Testing Market by End User
8.4.5. RoW Infectious Disease Testing Market by Sub-region
9. Company Covered
9.1. Abbott Laboratories
9.2. Becton, Dickinson & Co
9.3. Bio-rad Laboratories
9.4. Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.
9.5. Siemens Healthcare
9.6. Roche Diagnostics
9.7. Gen-probe, Inc.
9.8. Johnson and Johnson
9.9. Biomeriux SA
9.10. Alere, Inc.
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/infectious_disease_testing_market
Beckley ARH Hospital raised their Donate Life Flag Tuesday afternoon.
The ceremony is held every year at the hospital to commemorate April as “National Donate Life Month.”
CORE, also known as Center for Organ Recovery & Education joined Beckley ARH in their annual ceremony to honor the gift of life.
Marie Newcomb Lewis said her husband's donation helped continue his legacy.
“I was able to, with my husband's family, donate his kidney's when he died suddenly and the fact that his legacy lives on improving the lives of not only the two people that received his kidneys but their family and the community is just really important to me and it was just such a good experience,” said Mrs. Lewis.
It is important to remember anyone can be a potential donor regardless of age, race, or medical history.
Comments
SEATTLE – Authorities said a shooting in Virginia on Wednesday morning that wounded a Republican congressman and four others may have had political motivations.
In our region there have also been instances of violence over political beliefs. Around the dinner table, political talk can sometimes also be taboo.
So, how did we become so polarized?
Q13 News reached out to a political science professor at the University of Washington to share insight about what could be different that divides us so much these days.
When asked to describe the current climate of politics, Professor Mark Smith replied simply, “Not good, not good.”
“We seemed to have lost the sense that people have different ideas and values and we come together and try to hash things out,” he said. “We just don't even want to hear the other side so we just wall ourselves off.”
Smith said the proliferation of fake news sources online helps many people find comfort in what they already believe rather than reaching out to better understand an opposing view.
“No matter what your own political values are, you probably do have something to learn from ‘the other side,'” said Smith. “Even you if you think they're wrong on most things it's extremely unlikely they're wrong about everything.”
In a bipartisan study released this week, the Democracy Fund Voter Study suggests the largest gaps between Democrats and Republicans surround sensitive topics; people of color, immigration, Muslims, moral issues, economic equity and government intervention.
Smith believes the only way to move forward is to remind each other we're not at war with ourselves, rather that we're all part of the same community and talking out problems can still be effective.
“People lose out on the opportunity to learn when they refuse to even engage with someone with different ideas,” he said.
A British cybersecurity researcher credited with helping curb a recent worldwide ransomware attack has pleaded not guilty to federal charges accusing him of creating malicious software to steal banking information three years ago.
Marcus Hutchins entered his plea on Monday in Wisconsin federal court, where prosecutors charged him and an unnamed co-defendant with conspiring to commit computer fraud in the state and elsewhere.
Authorities arrested the 23-year-old on August 2 at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, where he was going to board a flight to his home in England. He had been in Las Vegas for a cybersecurity convention.
Hutchins is free on $US30,000 ($A38 trillion) bail but with strict conditions. His bond has been modified so that he can stay in Los Angeles near his lawyer and travel anywhere in the US, but Hutchins is not allowed to leave the country.
He was also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring him from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins' current work wasn't detailed at Monday's hearing. The next hearing in the case was set for October 17.
The legal troubles Hutchins faces are a dramatic turnaround from the status of cybercrime-fighting hero he enjoyed four months ago when he found a "kill switch" to slow the outbreak of the WannaCry virus. It crippled computers worldwide, encrypting files and making them inaccessible unless people paid a ransom ranging from $US300 to $US600.
Prosecutors allege that Hutchins created and distributed a malicious software called Kronos to steal banking passwords from unsuspecting computer users. In addition to computer fraud, the indictment lists five other charges, including attempting to intercept electronic communications and trying to access a computer without authorisation.
The indictment says the crimes happened between July 2014 and July 2015.
Originally published as UK cybersecurity expert pleads not guilty
In the movie “Dead Poets Society,” actor Robin Williams famously tells his students to “carpe diem,” or “seize the day,” in order to make their lives extraordinary. After traveling extensively throughout Asia, Richard Rosenfeld developed a thirst and passion for tea and seized the opportunity to create Basalt, Colo.-based Two Leaves and a Bud Tea Co. in 2004.
“I was confounded by not finding that same quality tea back at home,” Founder and Chief Executive Officer Rosenfeld explains. “So, I went to the tea gardens in Sri Lanka, India and China to begin developing relationships with organic tea farmers from whom the company now sources small quantities of tea each growing season.
“I had originally thought to build a business in loose tea, but one of my earliest employees was an ex-barista who informed me: ‘loose tea clogs the pipes.' So, we focused our primary business on whole-leaf tea sachets instead,” he continues.
Two Leaves and a Bud values “stewardship toward the earth” and focuses on sourcing organic tea from small growers around the world, Rosenfeld says. In line with this focus, the company was one of the first in North America to offer organic, whole-leaf tea in compostable pyramid-shaped sachets.
“Two Leaves and a Bud was a pioneer of the pyramid-shaped sachet in North America,” Rosenfeld says. “The sachet has made drinking whole-leaf tea convenient for all. The special shape allows the tea leaves room to infuse completely, providing richer, more complex flavors.
“We started off with eight flavors,” he continues. “I originally thought that the United States would ‘convert' to loose tea but rapidly found that the market demanded the convenience of the sachet. We became one of the earliest adopters of the new, plant-based, compostable material when we launched our company. To this day, we pack our teas as close to source as we can.”
Since its founding, Two Leaves and a Bud has offered loose-leaf teas and sachets. Today, the company's portfolio features 23 varietals in sachets, many of which are sold in a loose-leaf format as well. The company also has expanded its lineup to include seven flavors of iced teas, two varieties of matcha green tea as well as a range of organic teas in traditional paper tea bags called Paisley Label Tea.
Late last year, it launched a range of Purpose-Filled Teas, that feature Hydrate, Invigorate, Energize and Detox, which are organic blends with powerhouse ingredients that can be brewed hot or cold-infused, it says. Additionally, the company donates 1 percent of its sales from these teas to Protect Our Winters.
“We have had a busy year,” Rosenfeld says. “Our Purposed-Filled Teas have had a great reception both in foodservice and retail distribution. People are loving these teas cold-infused. You can just throw them in your water bottle for great flavor (without any sugar) and start drinking.
“Early this year we launched Nice Matcha, an artisan Matcha Latte blend, which we followed with an Organic Ceremonial Matcha portion pack,” he continues. “Our best sellers continue to be our single-ingredient teas, like our flagship Organic Assam Breakfast Tea and our Organic Peppermint from Eastern Washington State.”
Two Leaves and a Bud's varietals are distributed nationwide in foodservice and retail, including cafes, specialty food stores, hotels, restaurants, and in independent natural grocers as well as national chains like Whole Foods Market and Kroger, the company says. It also enjoys strong distribution in Canada and can be purchased in Europe as well. Additionally, the company sells direct-to-consumer on its website and through Amazon.com.
Rosenfeld notes that the consistency of its core range has helped Two Leaves and a Bud stand out in a competitive marketplace.
“We started with great ‘basic' teas, and our best-sellers are still these core teas,” Rosenfeld explains. “But simple is hard. Getting consistently great chamomile, for example, is incredibly difficult. The chamomile we love — lemony, sweet and not straw-tasting — is only grown in a few countries. Changing weather patterns make for droughts and other disruptions that we cannot ‘hide' with a blend or an added flavor.”
‘A labor of love'
Sustainability remains a crucial focus for the company.
“Sustainability for us starts at the garden,” Rosenfeld explains. “We have always sought the highest quality teas, which bring substantially more income to the garden than [the] average tea. This allows the gardens to reinvest and better pay their pluckers and workers.”
To ensure the freshness of its products, the majority of Two Leaves and a Bud tea varietals are packed close to the source in Asia, with most of its teas grown in China and India, the world's premier tea-growing regions, he adds.
Sourcing only the finest organic ingredients remains pivotal to the company's success, with Rosenfeld personally overseeing tea-growing operations.
“One of my favorite recent trips was, funny enough, to Eastern Washington where we grow peppermint,” he says. “This particular farm grows what I believe to be the best peppermint on Earth. The same family has been farming this land for three generations. The workers who weed and maintain this crop have been coming back for years. It is really a labor of love.
“This coming November, I will be in Japan working on our growing matcha business,” he continues. “Japan is such an amazing country; I look forward to every visit.”
The company's small-but-mighty employee base has grown from one employee — Rosenfeld — to 14 employees divided between the company's Colorado headquarters and its logistics center in Toledo, Ohio.
The company also continues to expand on its grassroots efforts of “taking tea personally,” Rosenfeld says.
“We are one of the few tea brands of any scale that is actually run in a small office by non-corporate types with no outside financing,” he explains. “None of us have come to Two Leaves and a Bud with prior tea or [consumer packaged goods] (CPG) experience; I didn't even know what CPG meant until we'd been in business for something like three years. Like any small company, we all wear many hats including that of official tea tasters. Hence, we really do ‘take tea personally.'”
In recognition of its sustainability mission and effort to boost Colorado's economy, Two Leaves and a Bud recently was named one of 50 Colorado Companies to Watch, an award that honors innovative second-stage companies that significantly contribute to the growth and economic independence of the state.
“We were really excited by this honor after 13-plus years in business,” he says. “Colorado is unique in recognizing that smaller businesses like ours play an important role in the state economy. And truly, we love where we live and appreciate the wonderfulness that is Colorado.”
Through hard work and entrepreneurship, Two Leaves and a Bud has achieved consistent, double-digit growth for many years — without outside financing, Rosenfeld says.
“We are driving an increase in our growth rate both through offering a broader assortment of products to our current customers (iced tea and matcha, for example) as well as focusing on key retailers,” he says. “Look for more matcha blends and an upcoming turmeric blend.”
Driven by his quest to “always be learning,” Rosenfeld says he and his team continually strive to improve what they do and provide top-notch service to its customers and consumers.
“There are so many big companies in the beverage world that I sometimes look around and think that we must be crazy. All these marketing and advertising dollars being spent by giant companies that really know what they are doing — how do we succeed?” he says. “But we have managed to grow — for nearly 15 years by delivering consistently great tea. And that's what it is all about.” BI
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
April 20 Sipef Nv:
* In Q1 recorded rising palm oil volumes at all production sites of co(+21.7 pct)
* In Q1 Indonesian rubber volumes also showed a generally positive trend (+12.7 pct)
* Q1 banana production up 20.23 percent
* It is already obvious that the strong production increases of the first quarter will not persist during the second quarter
* Smaller numbers of unripe fruit are reported in our oil palm plantations for coming months, which means that we will see growth volumes of around 10 pct in the next period
* Expect slightly higher production figures for our Indonesian rubber plantations, a recovery of tea production and a continuation of the upward trend in banana volumes in Q2 Source text: bit.ly/2oY5L5p Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
There are reports that a car and van have been involved in an accident at Maplestown Bridge on the Dundalk to Ardee Road this afternoon.
Emergency services, including an ambulance, have arrived at the scene.
According to a new update, the road is currently blocked to allow the vehicles to be removed. Emergency services are still at the scene.
More as we get it.
March 30 American Tower Corp
* American Tower Corporation prices senior notes offering
* American Tower Corp - Notes will have an interest rate of 1.375% per annum
* American Tower Corp says notes will have an interest rate of 1.375% per annum and are being issued at a price equal to 98.642% of their face value
* American Tower Corp - Pricing of its registered public offering of senior unsecured notes due 2025, in an aggregate principal amount of 500.0 million Euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
China is introducing a ban on imports of some goods from North Korea in line with a UN Security Council resolution, the Chinese Commerce Ministry said Monday.
BEIJING (Sputnik) – US President Donald Trump has repeatedly called on Beijing to increase economic pressure on North Korea as China is Pyongyang's biggest trade partner.
"On August 15, a full ban on imports of coal, iron, iron ore, lead, lead ore, seafood from North Korea is introduced," the ministry said in a statement.
According to the statement, North Korean products arrived at Chinese ports before the ban would be allowed to enter the country. Import applications of products from North Korea will be halted from September 5. Meanwhile, Chinese companies are still allowed to import coal from third countries via the North Korean port of Rason. However, Chinese importers need to apply for approval from a UN committee set up under the UN Security Council resolution 1718.
Interestingly, Beijing's move came amid media speculations that Trump is mulling a trade crackdown on China.
© AP Photo/ Ng Han Guan, File China Shows Readiness to 'Punish Anyone Who Will Escalate Tensions on Korean Peninsula'
China is by far the largest trading partner of North Korea. In April, the Chinese General Administration of Customs said trade between the two countries in the first quarter increased 37.4 percent year-over-year, even despite the UN sanctions on North Korean supplies of coal, the country's top export earner.
The tensions around North Korea have been high over the recent months and they have escalated further after the tightening of economic sanctions against North Korea by the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) last week in response to July's launches of ballistic missiles by Pyongyang.
On August 5, new UNSC sanctions against North Korea could cut the nation's annual export revenue by $1 billion.
The world market for clear brine fluids is considered highly consolidated in nature, the one that is marked with the presence of and dominated by already well-established market players. Some of the eminent market players in the world market for clear brine fluids identified by the said publication are Great Lake Solutions, Albemarle Corporation, Tetra Technologies Inc., and Israel Chemicals Ltd.. These companies collectively held for around 42.1% of the total market in the year 2014. The said market needs very high capital initially. It also witnesses bleak threat from the new players of the market. The leading vendors are anticipated to take over medium and small sized companies in a bid to retain their market superiority and continue with regional expansion.
Read Report Overview @
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/clear-brine-fluids-market.html
In accordance with the projections that are provided by the publication, the demand in the international clear brine fluids market is estimated to rise at a sound CAGR of 6.2% over the forecast timeframe of 2015 to 2023. The market is projected to reach an estimated market valuation of US$ 1,444.7 mn by the end of the year 2023, substantially rising up from its evaluated market valuation of US$944.8 mn in the year 2016. It is further anticipated that in the years to come, the eminent market players would emphasize on diminishing the cost of production in a bid to complete the projects of offshore drilling.
North America to Lead the Market throughout the Forecast Period
Taking geographical segmentations into consideration, the world market for clear brine fluids is divided into the regions of North America, Latin America, Europe, Middle East and Africa, and Asia Pacific. Leading oil and gas companies operate in the region of North America. As such, the region has come up as the largest geographical segment in the international market for clear brine fluids. As developed regions are encouraged to get energy security, there has been an increase in the oil and drilling activities of the region. In a bid to continue with their position in the said market and to rely on the energy sources of OPEC countries, the North American countries have accentuated their activities of drilling so as to discover more of their shale reserves. The region of North America held for around 65.7% in terms of the total volume across the globe in the year in 2014 and the region is expected to account for a share of 64.8% by the year 2023.
Asia Pacific is projected to emerge as the second most important and largest region in the world market for clear brine fluids due to the existence of numerous shale gas reservoirs in the said region. China accounts for a very large share in the industry of recoverable shale gas in the region. Furthermore, the ongoing drilling activities pertaining to the industry of oil and gas in Asia Pacific are providing a boost to the sale of regional clear brine fluid.
Increasing Oil Drilling Activities to Stimulate Market Growth
Soaring demand for clear brine fluids follows the emphasis on the development of deep sea reserves, constant efforts from the various developing nations to obtain energy security, execution of horizontal drilling, and rise in the number activities pertaining to oil drilling activities are some of the primary factors that are driving the world market for clear brine fluids. In addition to that, the market vendors of the world market for clear brine fluids is expected to gain from the increasing emphasis on exploring resources that are unconventional in nature like shale gas and bed methane.
Request to view Sample Report:
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=2197
The market is, however, is prophesized to be challenged by quite a few factors. Various factors such as price fluctuations of raw materials like potassium chloride, trade agreements variations due to political imbalance are restraining growth of the market.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Saint Louis University is the top performing school at the August 2017 Mining Engineers licensure examination
Published 4:26 PM, August 14, 2017
This is a press release from the Professional Regulation Commission
MANILA, Philippines – The Professional Regulation Commission (PRC) announces that 281 out of 317 passed the Mining Engineer Licensure Examination given by the Board of Mining Engineering in Manila, Baguio, Cebu and Legazpi this August 2017.
The members of the Board of Mining Engineering who gave the licensure examination are Cornelio Q. Casido, Chairman; Rufino B. Bomasang and Augusto C. Villaluna, Members.
The top performing schools in the August 2017 Mining Engineer Licensure Examination as per Commission Resolution No. 2010-547 series of 2010:
The successful examinees who garnered the ten (10) the highest places in the August 2017 Mining Engineer Licensure Examination are the following:
Here are the passers:
Mine0817 Alpha by Rappler on Scribd
Starting August 17, 2017, registration for the issuance of Professional Identification Card
(ID) and Certificate of Registration will be done on-line. Please go to www.prc.gov.ph and follow instructions for initial registration. Those who will register are required to bring the following:
Notice of admission,
duly accomplished Oath Form or Panunumpa ng Propesyonal,
2 pieces passport size pictures (colored with white background and complete name tag)
2 sets of documentary stamps.
Successful examinees should personally register and sign in the Roster of Registered Professionals.
The oathtaking ceremony of the successful examinees in the said examination as well
as the previous ones who have not taken their Oath of Professional will be announced later. – Rappler.com
–
MEXICO CITY (Sputnik)As many as 34 companies will invest $6.6 billion in the development of green energy in Mexico, Mexican Energy Secretary Pedro Joaquin Coldwell said Wednesday.
"This money will go toward building 52 news stations for the production of 'green' energy," Colswell said at the ceremony where the energy auction winners were awarded contracts.
According to Coldwell, the production of wind and solar energy in Mexico has grown 170 percent in the last 18 years, and additional 5,000 megawatts of renewable energy will enter the market in the near future.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Linus Torvalds has issued the second test release of the in-development Linux 4.10 kernel. Linux 4.10-rc2 marks the first kernel release of 2017.Linus wrote that due to the holidays 4.10-rc2 is abnormally smaller than normal. He commented as well, "I almost decided to skip rc2 entirely, but a small little meaningless release every once in a while never hurt anybody. So here it is. The only even remotely noticeable work here is the DAX fixups that really arguably should have been merged window material but depended on stuff during this merge window and were delayed until rc2 due to that. Even that wasn't big, and the rest is trivial small fixes." Linux 4.10-rc2 currently remains the "Roaring Lionus."For those unfamiliar with the new kernel features, see our Linux 4.10 kernel feature overview
Planning and attending a wedding is a very festive and energetic time – but in some cases the one thing that causes this excitement to be completely depleted is the fact that the dresses for such occasions often cost one a fortune. With many different weddings occurring each year, the cost of buying expensive dresses each time can truly stack on.
This is why ColorsBridesMaid.com has become such a sensation recently. They are known for providing excellent dresses for extremely low prices. Many of their customers have been left shocked at how high the quality of their products is, and simultaneously, how cheap they really are.
A big reason why their clothing is preferred to some others is the fact that they provide plus size bridesmaid dresses too. In many cases, online websites only try to fit one particular size, this leaves plus sized women behind. However, this will no longer be the case, as ColorsBridesMaid.com brings forward their diverse group of clothing options for bridesmaid. They realize just how stressful this period can be – and wish to make the entire experience much simpler, as far as clothing is concerned.
No longer will women have to worry about the excessive expensiveness of their dresses, or wonder if the right size will be available. ColorsBridesMaid.com has a preview section that shows images of the dresses, making it much easier to decide and choose which one looks perfect. Most websites don't offer a lot of images and people are often left guessing whether the dress is truly what they want, but luckily, this is not the case with ColorsBridesMaid.com
Their coral bridesmaid dresses have also gained a lot of traction and their popularity probably has something to do with its high quality vibrant hues. That said, if one wishes to take away all of the stress and difficulty that is involved in finding the right dress for weddings, then ColorsBridesMaid.com should be the first place to look.
Their colorful, bright selection of dresses will not only fit perfectly, but will also give everyone a chance to find what suits them perfectly.
About ColorsBridesMaid.com:
ColorsBridesMaid.com is an online store that sells cheap bridesmaid dresses . Their store has gained a lot of popularity recently, primarily because of how affordable, yet stunning their dresses are. Nowadays, most stores cost a fortune to get the simplest of dresses, and this is a trend that ColorsBridesMaid.com wishes to change. They offer incredibly affordable clothing for bridesmaid, and the low cost doesn't cut out any quality, as the clothing is extremely premium.
Many women have already chosen them as their premier provider of bridesmaid dresses, and many more visit their website daily.
Contact:
Company: ColorsBridesMaid Online Shop
Address: ColorsBridesmaid Online Shop, 60-12 255TH ST, Little Neck, New York, 11362 USA
Email: service@colorsbridesmaid.com
Website: www.colorsbridesmaid.com
A police-involved shooting in Anadarko began as a domestic disturbance and ended with one man dead.
According to Anadarko Police, the shooting occurred as officers responded to a domestic disturbance just before 5 p.m at a home near N. 1st and Prairie Village Ave.
Once on scene, police say they located a male suspect, now identified as 34-year-old Henry James Hunter, armed with a knife. According to a report, officers gave Hunter verbal commands to drop his weapon, but when they say he started to approach them, one officer fired his weapon. Hunter was transported from the scene to a local hospital where he was pronounced dead a short time later.
The two officers who responded to the call have been placed on routine administrative leave while the incident is investigated.
District Attorney Jason Hicks requested OSBI special agents investigate the shooting. Five special agents were called in to collect information and evidence. Once agents have completed their investigation, they'll present a case to the district attorney.
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch her go.
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
“I have said it once and I'll say it again, this world has come so far but yet we have so much further to go. Yes, we have broken down so many barriers — however there are a plethora more to go. This or anything else will not stop me from pouring love, light and positivity into everything that I do. I will continue to take a lead and stand up for what's right.” – on Instagram in 2017
An electoral poster of Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, is displayed during a campaign rally in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
General view of the TV set installed in a studio, on the eve of a face-to-face TV debate between the candidates in the 2017 French presidential election, Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and Marine Le Pen of French National Front (FN) political party, as part of their campaign for the second round, in La Plaine Saint Denis, outside Paris, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
LONDON French presidential candidates Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen go head-to-head tonight in a television debate, with polls still showing Macron beating Le Pen by a rough 60-40 margin in Sunday's deciding round.
That said, Macron's ability to pull in support from across the political spectrum remains an open question: only one-third of members of far-left politician Jean-Luc Melenchon's political movement will cast their ballot for him, one survey showed, with the remainder planning to cast a blank vote or abstain.
After days of mixed messages about ditching the euro, Le Pen made clear in a Reuters interview on Tuesday that she wanted to take France out of the single currency. In an effort to reassure savers about a run on banks that would destroy their assets, Le Pen also said she would consider capital controls if needed.
Meanwhile the PR battle between London and Brussels on Brexit continues with Brexit minister David Davis shooting down an FT report suggesting that Brussels has raised the gross bill which Britain will have to pay on leaving to 100 billion euros. Various figures have been floating around (this one is in contrast to a widely cited net figure of 60 billion euros) and there have been indications that EU27 countries have in recent weeks hardened their demands of Britain.
More clarity may be on offer at EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier's 0900 GMT news conference on his negotiation guidelines.
Financial markets are slightly nervous ahead of the 0830 GMT publication of the monthly purchasing managers' index (PMI) for the manufacturing sector, which is seen slowing a touch - but staying well above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction. Across the Channel, meanwhile, German unemployment is expected to show a further fall for April and euro zone first-quarter GDP growth seen accelerating slightly to 0.5 percent versus 0.4 percent in the previous quarter.
MARKETS AT 0655 GMT
The charge higher in equities this holiday-strewn week has seen the MSCI World index of stock markets around the globe notch off another record high in early trading, even though Apple's underwhelming iPhone sales readout after the bell late Tuesday saw its stock come off about 1 percent and equities in general may level off Wednesday as a result.
With first annual earnings growth both in the United States and Europe now coming in close to 14 percent, it's not hard to see why equities are up here. But the incoming economic soundings for the second quarter so far make for less cheery reading, in the United States at least.
Misses on the big April business surveys were compounded overnight by news of a drop in auto sales at GM, Ford and Toyota last month, data that saw GM and Ford share prices drop 3-4 pct. Along with the poor headline U.S. Q1 GDP growth number from last week, this underlines why there's virtually no expectation of another interest rate rise from the U.S. Federal Reserve when it announces its latest policy decision later on Wednesday.
A bigger question now is whether futures market pricing showing a 61 percent chance of another rate hike in June is overcooked too. The ADP U.S. private sector jobs report for April out later will tell a tale in that regard. The dollar was steady overnight but 10-year Treasury yields have slipped back below 2.30 percent.
For Europe, the big question is whether the euro zone's economic outperformance can continue. If consensus forecasts are correct, GDP numbers out later on Wednesday will show that at an annualised 2.0 percent the euro area grew almost three times as fast as the United States during the first three months of the year.
What's more, economic surprise indices continue to push higher into positive territory there in April while U.S. equivalents have plunged into negative territory. This will be key for investors as political uncertainty lifts after Sunday's final runoff in the French Presidential election, as long as centrist Macron sustains his 20-percentage point opinion poll lead over far-right candidate Le Pen. The final televised between the two is due later on Wednesday night.
After scaling new 20-month highs in the previous session, European shares are set to slip slightly at the open on Wednesday. A steady stream of corporate results will drive individual moves and could push benchmarks to new highs.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
"Lock down, Lock down, Lock down," a intercom messaged boomed throughout the base during the incident. "Real world, real world."
​The shooter was reportedly seen near the base's shopping plaza.
​"The public is being asked to stay away from the base to ensure emergency responders can respond accordingly," the Travis Air Force Base said in a statement Wednesday afternoon.
No injuries have been reported, according to a local NBC affiliate.
— jacob martin (@Neato__Burrito) June 14, 2017
​People on the base were ordered to lock all their doors and windows, according to base's Twitter account. For several hours, no one could enter or exit the base via car, local media reported, as people were escorted out of base buildings.
— Zach Prusak (@ZachPrusak) June 14, 2017
​A drill had been scheduled to take place around the same time, but the "current security incident is not associated with the scheduled base exercise," according to the base's official Facebook page.
​A flurry of possible shootings unfolded around the US on Wednesday. A Congressman was badly injured in Alexandria, Virginia, in a shooting that left four others wounded. Four individuals were slain at a UPS facility in San Franciscio, about an hour's drive from Travis Air Force Base. Another gunman open fired in Brooklyn, New York, on Wednesday as well.
Officials have just reported the situation to be "all clear."
BRIEF-Apple files for notes offering of up to $1.0 billion
* Says notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.000pct per year and will mature on June 20, 2027 Source text: (http://bit.ly/2rsfDae) Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON, April 20 Bank of England Governor Mark Carney told bankers on Thursday that financial regulations devised after the 2008-09 crisis cannot be set in stone, and must be flexible enough to deal with unintended consequences and unexpected gaps.
Speaking in Washington, where U.S. President Donald Trump plans to pare back banking rules he says hamper growth, Carney championed a "dynamic" approach to regulation that was flexible but ensured the global financial system remained resilient.
"Implementation must not only be effective, it must also be dynamic," he told a conference hosted by the Institute of International Finance, a gathering dominated by major banks.
"Authorities must learn by doing and make adjustments, as necessary, to optimise our efforts, without compromising on the level of resilience the reforms are intended to achieve," he said.
Carney said that the Financial Stability Board - a grouping of central banks chaired by Carney - was working on a review of regulation since the financial crisis.
"Specifically, it will assess whether G20 reforms are achieving their intended outcomes, identify any regulatory gaps or emerging risks, and flag any potential material unintended consequences," he said.
Britain's central bank chief was more guarded about national attempts to review rules, though he did not mention any by name.
"These are to be welcomed, provided the overall level of resilience is maintained," he added.
Carney also drew on language first used in a speech at Thomson Reuters in London earlier this month, saying the global financial system was coming to a fork in the road, and that Britain's departure from the European Union would be a litmus test for regulators. (Writing by David Milliken, editing by Andy Bruce)
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
JOHANNESBURG, April 29 South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has signed the anti-money laundering bill FICA, which allows increased scrutiny of the bank accounts of "prominent individuals", including himself, into law, his office said on Saturday.
The country risked being kicked out of global fraud monitor, the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), if the Financial Intelligence Centre Amendment (FICA) bill was not signed by June. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by Toby Chopra)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
President Donald Trump vowed to get tough on the opioid epidemic, even proposing the death penalty for some of the worst drug traffickers.
“If we don't get tough on the drug dealers, we are wasting our time,” he said at an event in New Hampshire. “That toughness includes the death penalty.”
Trump praised unnamed foreign leaders who had “zero tolerance” for drug dealers, which they argued helped them prevent drug problems.
“Unless you have really, really powerful penalties, led by the death penalty, with the really bad pushers and abusers, we are going to get nowhere,” he said.
Trump also criticized Democrats for opposing his proposed wall on the Southern border.
“Eventually the Democrats will agree with us to build the wall and keep the damn drugs out,” he said, prompting chants of “build that wall” in the room.
The president criticized sanctuary city policies for allowing illegal immigrants and drug dealers to remain in the country. He called on Congress to end funding for sanctuary cities.
“If we are not going to get tough on the drug dealers who kill thousands of people and destroy so many people's lives, we are just doing the wrong thing,” he said. “We have got to get tough.”
Trump specifically vowed to empower law enforcement to crack down on the supply of drugs, including prescription drug reforms targeting doctors and drug companies.
“I love tough guys, we need tough guys,” Trump said, pointing out an ICE agent in the audience.
The audience in New Hampshire cheered Trump's proposed solutions, many of them wearing red Make America Great Again campaign hats in support of the president.
The president also announced a plan to create more advertisements to “scare” young people away from opioid addiction, much like cigarette advertisements.
“The best way to beat the drug crisis is to keep people from getting hooked on drugs to begin with,” he said.
He promised that the Department of Justice was considering a federal lawsuit against some of the drug companies who manufacture opioids. Trump also announced plans to provide narcan to first responders in areas devastated by opioid addiction. Narcan helps block the effects of opioids, especially in overdose situations.
“I want to win this battle, I don't want to leave at the end of seven years and have this problem,” Trump said.
Tony Henry was dismissed by the Hammers on Friday.
Tony Henry was dismissed by the Hammers on Friday.
WEST HAM HAVE sacked head of recruitment Tony Henry following allegations he sent messages to an agent saying the club did not want to sign African players.
The Hammers released a club statement on Friday evening announcing the departure of Henry following a “full and thorough” investigation.
British newspaper The Daily Mail claimed to have seen emails from Henry speaking disparagingly about players from Africa, recalling difficulties the club had with Senegalese striker Diafra Sakho.
It was reported that Henry had said African players “cause mayhem” when not selected in the team.
Sakho was sold to Rennes in January, ending a tough time at London Stadium affected by injury.
It was announced on Thursday that Henry had been suspended but West Ham have now terminated his contract following an investigation.
The club statement reads: “West Ham United have today terminated the contract of Director of Player Recruitment, Tony Henry, with immediate effect following his unacceptable comments that were widely reported in the press.
“Our action follows a full and thorough investigation.
“West Ham United will not tolerate any type of discrimination.
“The West Ham United family is an inclusive one where, regardless of gender, age, ability, race, religion or sexual orientation, everybody feels welcome and included.”
The Football Association confirmed it is investigating the reports surrounding Henry on Thursday.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
FILE PHOTO: Former speaker of Brazil's Lower House of Congress, Eduardo Cunha (C), is escorted by federal police officers as he leaves the Institute of Forensic Science in Curitiba, Brazil, October 20, 2016. REUTERS/Rodolfo Buhrer/File photo
FILE PHOTO - Former speaker of Brazil's Lower House of Congress, Eduardo Cunha (C), is escorted by federal police officers as he arrives to the Institute of Forensic Science in Curitiba, Brazil, October 20, 2016. REUTERS/Rodolfo Buhrer/File Photo
São Paulo A federal court sentenced Brazil's former speaker of the lower house, Eduardo Cunha, to more than 15 years in prison on Thursday for corruption, making him the highest-profile political conviction yet in the "Operation Car Wash" scandal.
The former politician's defence team said they would appeal the decision but Cunha will remain imprisoned pending appeal.
Cunha, who drove the successful impeachment of former President Dilma Rousseff, was forced from his position as speaker in July and arrested in October on accusations he received millions in bribes from the purchase of an oil field in Benin by state-run oil company Petrobras.
Over 200 people have been charged in the "Operation Car Wash" probe, a far-reaching investigation that centres on bribes and political kickbacks from contracts at Petrobras. The Supreme Court is likely to approve soon the investigation of dozens of sitting politicians.
In February 2015, Cunha, a member of President Michel Temer's Brazilian Democratic Movement Party (PMDB) that for a decade was the main member of left-leaning Workers Party (PT) governments, defied the wishes of his own coalition to run for and win the speakership of the lower house of Congress.
Just six months later, he officially broke with the PT government of Rousseff, saying that she was using the Petrobras investigation as a tool of "political persecution" against him.
As speaker, only Cunha could allow impeachment proceedings to begin against Rousseff, whom critics accused of breaking budgetary laws.
He did just that in December 2015, just hours after PT deputies cast deciding votes for him to face an investigation by the House's ethics committee for lying about bank accounts he and his wife held in Switzerland.
By May, Rousseff was impeached and Temer installed as successor. But Cunha could not shake free of corruption allegations that eventually led to his downfall.
Once he was kicked out of congress, Cunha lost the privilege given to sitting politicians that only the badly overburdened Supreme Court can try them.
His case was instead sent to crusading anti-corruption judge Sergio Moro, who has been the driving force behind Brazil's fight against graft. Moro has a reputation for plowing through cases efficiently, with over 98 percent of his convictions in Car Wash cases being upheld by higher courts.
Cunha faces another trial for allegedly receiving $5 million skimmed from Petrobras contracts for two drillships in 2006 and 2007.
(Reporting by Brad Brooks; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Alistair Bell)
Advertisement
CHARLESTON – West Virginia State Treasurer John Perdue's Unclaimed Property Division paid out $1.45 million in September claims, with field representative generating 69 percent of that total, or approximately $1 million.
Field representative conduct outreach by tracking down property owners through in-house records, courthouse files and checking other documents. Often times, they handle more complicated claims which include additional paperwork.
“I'm proud of the work our field staff and unclaimed property specialists do,” Treasurer Perdue said. “They are in their communities, actively engaged with folks and trying to return their long-lost assets to them.”
Electronic claims, or e-claims, made up the next-highest dollar amount for September, at $151,000. Electronic claims are tailored to single-owner assets. The owner sets up an online account through wvtreasury.com and submits a driver's license and one other form of government identification.
E-claims are ideal in straightforward claims, in which heirs and estates play no part. They are typically a smaller amount; the average e-claim for the month was approximately $250.
In addition to staff generated outreach and e-claims, people and businesses may also submit paper claims and phone claims individually, by find their names online or through a printed newspaper insert.
Unclaimed property is any asset from which an individual has become separated. Examples include abandoned safe deposit boxes, stock dividends left uncashed and a final paycheck left behind. By law, holders of such assets are required to turn them over to the Treasury, where office and field staff attempt to reunite the money with rightful owners. Unclaimed property is not real estate.
Go to www.wvtreasury.com to file an e-claim or call 1-800-642-8687 for additional information.
Related
Comments
comments
The HPSCI statement says the top Democrat on the intelligence oversight committee, Rep. Adam Schiff, and his allies tried to block, hide and stifle the revelations of improper 2016 surveillance by the FBI and the Department of Justice:
•HPSCI Ranking Member [Rep.] Adam Schiff has been a ceaseless opponent of the Committee's attempts to collect and share information on FISA [Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978] abuses. He even denounced the Committee's issuance of subpoenas to the DOJ and FBI for information the agencies were withholding from Congressional oversight.
•In a last-ditch effort to block publication of the HPSCI memo, Ranking Member Schiff issued a press release complaining about minor edits the Committee made to the memo.
•The edits, implemented before HPSCI voted to make the memo public, included routine, minor technical changes and edits suggestedby the FBI and by the Committee Minority themselves, respectively.
•Ranking Member Schiff's press release was one in a long line of media stunts meant to oppose transparency and stifle the Committee's investigation of possible surveillance abuses by top officials at the FBI and DOJ.
TWO young Aussie hopefuls will on Thursday night (EST) begin the quest for a tennis reward of a lifetime.
Queensland's Hana Sonton and West Australian Zach Viiala will contest the Longines Future Tennis Aces against rivals from 19 different nations.
The prize for winning the 13-and-under tournament not only carries a significant financial prize from Longines - a bursary until the winner turns 16 - but also a match against two of the greatest champions in tennis.
Camera Icon Zach Viiala is part of the Aussie contingent. Picture: News Corp Australia
Andre Agassi and Steffi Graf will play against the winners - and the young Australians are hoping they will snare the prize.
Sonton and Viiala will bid to emulate fellow Australian Destanee Aiava, who won the Longines event in 2012.
Aiava, now 18, has since climbed to inside the world's top 150 and, at 18, remains one of the sport's finest long-term prospects.
This week's Longines tournament will be staged in the shadows of the Eiffel Tower on the same red clay used at Roland Garros.
Two other venues near the French Open will also be used.
Former world No 2 Alex Correjta urged this year's crop of players to seize the chance to learn.
And he had a quiet word for troublesome juniors and equally challenging parents.
Camera Icon Gold Coast tennis starlet Hana Sonton. Picture: Gold Coast Bulletin
“I want to say to the kids, ‘listen to your parents because they might know more about tennis than you',” he said.
“And I want to say to the parents ‘listen to the coach because they might know about tennis than you'.
“Whatever you do, learn and take this chance - and try and listen to somebody who knows about tennis.”
Watch the 2018 Roland Garros Tournament on FOX SPORTS. SIGN UP NOW >
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
When stepping down Friday, Missouri governor will be conceding political defeat while still defiantly asserting he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
When stepping down Friday, Missouri governor will be conceding political defeat while still defiantly asserting he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Missouri governor says fight not over, even in surrender
Missouri governor says fight not over, even in surrender
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the city's two largest resort operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the city's two largest resort operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
Oregon chose to keep the entry barriers for legal pot low to bring black market marijuana growers out of the shadows, but those early regulatory decisions have created an unintended consequence: a massive oversupply of legal weed.
Oregon chose to keep the entry barriers for legal pot low to bring black market marijuana growers out of the shadows, but those early regulatory decisions have created an unintended consequence: a massive...
(AP Photo/Andrew Selsky, File). FILE - In this Sept. 30, 2016, file photo, a marijuana harvester examines buds going through a trimming machine near Corvallis, Ore. Three years after Oregon lawmakers created the state's new legal marijuana program, mar...
(AP Photo/Andrew Selsky, File). FILE - In this Sept. 30, 2016, file photo, a marijuana harvester examines buds going through a trimming machine near Corvallis, Ore. Three years after Oregon lawmakers created the state's new legal marijuana program, mar...
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and...
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and...
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
By The Associated Press
Ambien and similar sleep aids are well-known for sometimes causing some weird behavioral side effects, but changing one's political or cultural views is not one of them.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed the insomnia drug in explaining a tweet that led ABC to cancel her show: "It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting," she wrote.
Until this week, Ambien's most headline-grabbing behavioral side effect was "sleep-driving," essentially sleepwalking except getting behind the wheel and going for a drive with no memory of doing so.
But people also have reported making phone calls, eating meals, having sex and doing other things that they don't remember after taking so-called "sedative-hypnotic" medications. People charged with crimes occasionally even have tried "the Ambien defense."
Doctors call these "complex sleep behaviors." On its official Ambien labeling, manufacturer Sanofi calls the side effects "abnormal thinking and behavioral changes" - changes that can include decreased inhibition.
"It's behavior that's done when the individual is in a sense both asleep and awake at the same time," explained University of Pittsburgh sleep medicine specialist Dr. Daniel Buysse. It's not so different from how people sometimes behave under the influence of alcohol, he added, and it can be hard to tell if the behavior really was due to the drug.
And while it's not clear how common such side effects are, Ambien's instructions clearly state: Take it right before you get into bed, and only if you plan to stay there for 7 or 8 hours.
"You should take it and lie down. Read a book or something" but don't wander around or get on the computer or do other things waiting for the medicine to kick in, said Dr. Marc Schlosberg, a sleep medicine specialist at MedStar Washington Hospital Center.
Sanofi said Wednesday in a tweet that "while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
Barr later tweeted that she has had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night. "I blame myself, not Ambien," she tweeted.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington.
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington.
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45, not 50.
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45, not 50.
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
Cancer group says colon screening should start at 45, not 50
Cancer group says colon screening should start at 45, not 50
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get his appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get his appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Fresh from another devastating flash flood that ripped apart their historic Maryland town, hundreds again ask themselves: 'Should I stay or should I go?'.
Fresh from another devastating flash flood that ripped apart their historic Maryland town, hundreds again ask themselves: 'Should I stay or should I go?'.
(DroneBase via AP). This image made from video provided by DroneBase shows vehicles swept by floodwater near the intersection of Ellicott Mills Drive and Main Street in Ellicott City, Md., Monday, May 28, 2018. Howard County Executive Allan Kittleman s...
(DroneBase via AP). This image made from video provided by DroneBase shows vehicles swept by floodwater near the intersection of Ellicott Mills Drive and Main Street in Ellicott City, Md., Monday, May 28, 2018. Howard County Executive Allan Kittleman s...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing his resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - The Latest on the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
11:20 a.m.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt."
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping the computer tampering charge against Greitens, who is resigning on Friday. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile another criminal charge against him.
Gardner says she made the agreement to dismiss the computer charge after conversations with Greitens' attorneys. She says there was enough evidence to bring the charge but that if he were convicted, it's unlikely Greitens would have served any jail time due to his status as a first-time offender.
As for Greitens allegations of a witch hunt, Gardner said she rejects his "shameful personal attacks" and "dangerous and false rhetoric about the criminal justice system and the rule of law."
___
11:05 a.m.
Missouri's top legislative leaders are meeting with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson to plan the transition in power when Gov. Eric Greitens resigns.
Parson met Wednesday with House Speaker Todd Richardson, Senate President Pro Tem Ron Richard and Senate Majority Leader Mike Kehoe.
The lawmakers said they have invited Parson to deliver a speech to a joint session of the Legislature in the coming weeks.
Greitens announced Tuesday that he was resigning Friday instead of continuing to fight a criminal charge and potential impeachment proceedings over alleged sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Among those meeting Wednesday with Parson was Sarah Steelman, Greitens' administration commissioner. Parson also was receiving enhanced security that is supplied to incoming governors.
___
10:40 a.m.
The prosecutor's office in St. Louis will drop a felony charge of computer data tampering against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, now that the Republican governor has announced his resignation.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced the decision Wednesday, a day after Greitens' surprise announcement that he would step down effective Friday afternoon.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity he founded, The Mission Continues, for his 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis, stemming from an extramarital affair in 2015. The case was dismissed earlier this month and a special prosecutor in Jackson County is still considering whether to refile the charge.
___
This story has been corrected to reflect the charity's name as The Mission Continues.
___
9 a.m.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is planning to explain the resolution of criminal charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner's news conference is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
She said Tuesday that her office has reached a "fair and just resolution" on charges of tampering with a computer against Greitens.
Greitens announced the same day that he is resigning as governor, effective Friday.
A felony indictment in February accused Greitens of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a St. Louis woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing.
___
8:30 a.m.
On a dreary overcast day, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor's Mansion and recounted his grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest he would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Less than two weeks later, Greitens announced Tuesday that he is quitting with his mission incomplete.
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday - marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged his resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BARCELONA HAVE MOVED to ‘strenuously' deny sensational claims that their former president, Sandro Rosell, illegally purchased a liver for ex-France defender Eric Abidal in 2012.
Abidal, who is now Barcelona's technical secretary, underwent a transplant during his time with the La Liga club after a tumour was found on his liver.
It was said at the time the liver was donated by the player's cousin.
However, reports in Spain claim Rosell — who served as Barcelona's president for four years before resigning in 2013 when a Spanish court began its investigation into the club's signing of Neymar — bought the organ illegally.
The report says three phone calls intercepted by Spanish police now suggest Rosell purchased the organ on the black market.
In a statement, Barcelona categorically denied the claims, while reaffirming their commitment to Abidal and his foundation.
“In light of stories published today in relation to the liver transplant received by the club's former player and current Technical Secretary, Éric Abidal, FC Barcelona roundly deny any irregularity in the matter, as have Abidal and the Hospital Clinic de Barcelona facility,” it read.
“The stories ommit an important fact, as this case was closed by a Barcelona court on May 18th. This ommission has caused damage to the reputation of Éric Abidal, all of the organisations involved in the transplant procedures, FC Barcelona and former club president Sandro Rosell.
“The club are saddened by the lack of rigor in the spreading of such information about such a sensitive issue, and reaffirm our commitment to Éric Abidal and his foundation to help improve the lives of children and young people affected by similar medical treatments.”
Abidal spent six seasons at the Nou Camp and made his comeback from illness for Barcelona in April 2013 as a late substitute in a 5-0 win over RCD Mallorca.
He left for Monaco later that year before ending his career with a spell in Greece with Olympiacos.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Asteroid 2012 TC4 will fly past Earth in October 2017
by Staff Writers
Paris (ESA) Aug 14, 2017
The new observations reveal it will miss Earth by 44 000 km. While it remains visible, astronomers will study the 15-30 m object in as much detail as possible, such as obtaining information on its composition.
A small asteroid flying past Earth on 12 October will provide scientists with a valuable opportunity to learn more about its orbit and composition. The campaign will exercise the international network of observatories and research organisations working on planetary defence.
Astronomers recently spotted asteroid 2012 TC4 under a collaboration between ESA and the European Southern Observatory (ESO) to locate faint objects that might strike Earth. This is the first observation since 2012, when the asteroid was discovered by the Pan-STARRS observatory in Hawaii. It was found this time by ESO's Very Large Telescope in Chile.
The original observations revealed the asteroid's next approach to our vicinity would be in October 2017 but its orbit meant that it could not be tracked during the last five years, leaving astronomers unsure on how close it would come.
The new observations reveal it will miss Earth by 44 000 km. While it remains visible, astronomers will study the 15-30 m object in as much detail as possible, such as obtaining information on its composition.
An asteroid of this size entering our atmosphere would have a similar effect to the Chelyabinsk event. The 2012 TC4 Observing Campaign is part of a larger international initiative led by NASA. The campaign is an excellent opportunity to test the international ability to detect and track near-Earth objects and assess our ability to respond together to a real asteroid threat.
Paris (AFP) Aug 10, 2017
A house-sized asteroid will shave past our planet on October 12, far inside the Moon's orbit but without posing any threat, astronomers said Thursday. The space rock will zoom by harmlessly at a distance of about 44,000 kilometres (27,300 miles) - an eighth of the distance from the Earth to the Moon, according to the European Space Agency, This is just far enough to miss our geostationa ... read more
Related Links
Transport Minister Budi Karya Sumadi has seen enough and has told his subordinates to stop encouraging the antics.
“I tell civil investigation officers to cooperate with the police to follow up on some incidents related to the information of bombs in airports and follow it through according to law,” said Budi Karya Sumadi in a statement on Tuesday (29/05).
“Through this legal action, we hope to give a deterrent effect to bombers, so it becomes a lesson for all of us to no longer joke about bombs,” he added.
The ministry is also considering creating a blacklist for passenger cracking bomb jokes, prohibiting them from flying over a certain period of time.
The first person to be charged under the law is FN, an university student in Pontianak, West Kalimantan, who cracked a bomb joke as a Lion Air jet prepared to depart from the city on Monday.
The joke incited panic among passengers and prompted another passenger to open the plane's emergency doors, delaying the flight for hours and forced Lion Air to find a replacement jet for the flight. Eleven passengers were injured in the incident, Lion Air said in a statement.
Adjutant chief Comr. Nanang Purnomo, the head of public relations of West Kalimantan Police, said on Tuesday that the police has named FN a suspect in the case and detained him for further questioning.
The Pontianak incident was the ninth bomb joke so far this month, including one in Banyuwangi, East Java, which involved two local lawmakers from the People's Conscience Party (Hanura) and Great Indonesia Movement Party (Gerindra). The Banyuwangi police did not detain the lawmakers, but said the investigation on the incidents is still ongoing.
Seven of the incidents happened on Lion Air flights, with the other two incidents on flights of the airline's sister company, Batik Air, and Indonesia flagship airline Garuda Indonesia.
Guerrero seems OK being patient about the "when" part of his impending promotion, taking advice he gets from his father to heart as he tries to become a more complete player. He's also got some company on the bench in teammates who grew up watching their fathers play in the majors. Cavan Biggio, son of Hall of Famer Craig Biggio, and Bo Bichette, son of Dante, are also infielders with the Fisher Cats.
"The people don't only come to see me. They also come to see my teammates because they are really good, too," Guerrero said. "I don't pay much attention to that (hype). When I go home I just try to rest and come here the next day."
Guerrero's Canadian ties have only led to more of a frenzy for Toronto fans who want him there now. He was born in Montreal, when Vlad Sr. was a young outfielder for the Expos with one of the top arms in the game.
Schneider said that arm strength was passed on and Vlad Jr. has worked hard to hone it with his defensive skills at third base.
"If you put Vlady out in centre field, he'll fire that thing right to home on one bounce or in the air. He's got a cannon," Schneider said.
Schneider said Guerrero's defence is strong, but is often overshadowed by what he's been doing at the plate.
"When his bat is so good, his glove is going to be behind no matter what. He's made great strides and he's right where he should be defensively," Schneider said.
Schneider described Guerrero as a "fun kid," who drew laughs from his teammates by putting on a catcher's mask while taking grounders during infield practice.
"He comes to the field every day and he's just like 'let's go,'" Schneider said. "It's easy to do when you're having the success that he's having, but he's just ready to roll every day and he's a lot of fun.
"He's a lot of fun to be around."
Tarsus Distribution affordable laser printing with HP LaserJet Pro M102a\
The new HP LaserJet Pro M102a (G3Q34A) printer is now available in South Africa, offering small to medium-sized businesses and home offices fast, high-quality laser printing at a sub-R1500 price
Designed for energy efficiency, this new laser printer can produce professional documents at a speed of up to 22 pages per minute.
The mono HP LaserJet Pro M102a printer can run off the first pages in series in as little as seven seconds. It prints sharp text, bold blacks, and crisp graphics with its precision black toner, and enables users to save energy with the HP Auto-On/Auto-Off Technology.
The printer also features print gauge, to track pages, and page maximiser technology to make each cartridge last longer.
Says Wilhelm Bernatz, HP product manager at Tarsus Distribution: “Recommended for organisations with a page volume of up to 1,500 pages a month, the HP LaserJet Pro M102a is a simple, reliable and affordable laser printer for professional users.
“This compact and energy-efficient printer features HP Auto-On/Auto-Off Technology that simply turns the printer on when you need it and off when you don't. It's perfect for the office that doesn't want to compromise on consistency, quality or affordability.”
Durban - The discovery of a headless body at an Umbilo nature reserve has sparked fears that a gang of killers could be lurking on the streets of Durban.
Last week, a person walking deep in Pigeon Valley in Glenwood came across a semi-naked woman's corpse. Her head, nipples, finger and vagina had been removed. A man was arrested for the woman's murder.
Colonel Thembeka Mbhele confirmed the head and finger had been recovered.
The 32-year-old suspect has since appeared in the Durban Magistrate's Court and was remanded.
Police are searching for the woman's next of kin so that she may be identified and buried.
The murder comes just six months after a woman's body was discovered in the bush at Stellawood Cemetery.
In August 2017, a woman believed to be aged between 25 and 30 was allegedly abducted by a group of men and her body later found in the cemetery. She had been raped and strangled. She was partially clothed and covered by a plastic bag.
In August 2016, a headless woman was found in the park on Edith Benson Crescent. A man walking through the park found the body and contacted the Berea police. The woman's body parts and vagina had been mutilated.
There was a similar incident in Jameson Park in May 2014.
Speaking to the Daily News on condition of anonymity, two self-confessed sex workers said news of the recent murder had scared them.
The women said they had no one to protect them.
“After hearing this, I only come out in the afternoon. I do not work in the evenings,” she said.
The 23-year-old woman lives in Ntuzuma and rents a room in a block of flats along the Berea.
Afraid
She said although she did not know the woman found in Pigeon Valley, she was afraid to continue working the streets. However, she felt she had no option but to stay in the business because “jobs are scarce”.
Another sex worker said she was taking care of her sister's three children and this was the only way she knew how to make “quick” money.
The woman revealed she only recently returned to the streets after being assaulted.
“A group of men approached me and we went to an area at North Beach."
“After we did business, the men choked me. They tried to kill me. When they thought I was dead, they left me there. Every time I think about it, it makes me emotional.”
The woman said since her experience she was more selective about her clientele.
“The guys who took me were well-dressed. They just left me there afterwards. I have seen them twice since they tried to kill me. But they did not recognise me. Since then, I have moved to a new area,” she said.
Heather Rorick, of the Bulwer Safety Forum, said it was sad that police kept this information from local patrol groups.
“I am not saying police must divulge any sensitive information to us that may hinder their investigations, but they must keep us up to date on such incidents. All the community groups do patrols and we gather bits of information. One never knows when these bits will complete the puzzle,” she said.
Ward 33 councillor Mmabatho Tembe called the recent find “horrific”.
“We should all be careful and try not be alone when we travel. There should be more patrols in our area and people must report suspicious activity,” she said.
At this stage, residents believe that the woman killed in Pigeon Valley was a prostitute.
One of the sex workers the Daily News spoke to said: “Last week, the police did tell us about the body that was found. They told us we should just watch ourselves.”
However, Mbhele did not answer questions about whether the recent killings could be muti-related or were carried out by someone specifically targets prostitutes in the area.
“The question of motive is subject to an ongoing investigation,” she said.
Daily News
Like us on Facebook
University of Illinois at Chicago scientists have discovered a new chemical method that enables graphene to be incorporated into a wide range of applications while maintaining its ultra-fast electronics.
Graphene, a lightweight, thin, flexible material, can be used to enhance the strength and speed of computer display screens, electric/photonics circuits, solar cells and various medical, chemical and industrial processes, among other things. It is comprised of a single layer of carbon atoms bonded together in a repeating pattern of hexagons.
Isolated for the first time 15 years ago by a physics professor at the University of Manchester in England, it is so thin that it is considered two-dimensional and thought to be the strongest material on the planet.
Vikas Berry, associate professor and department head of chemical engineering, and colleagues used a chemical process to attach nanomaterials on graphene without changing the properties and the arrangement of the carbon atoms in graphene. By doing so, the UIC scientists retained graphene's electron-mobility, which is essential in high-speed electronics.
The addition of the plasmonic silver nanoparticles to graphene also increased the material's ability to boost the efficiency of graphene-based solar cells by 11-fold, Berry said.
The research, funded by the National Science Foundation (CMMI-1030963), has been published in the journal Nano Letters.
Instead of adding molecules to the individual carbon atoms of graphene, Berry's new method adds metal atoms, such as chromium or molybdenum, to the six atoms of a benzoid ring. Unlike carbon-centered bonds, this bond is delocalized, which keeps the carbon atoms' arrangement undistorted and planar, so that the graphene retains its unique properties of electrical conduction.
The new chemical method of annexing nanomaterials on graphene will revolutionize graphene technology by expanding the scope of its applications, Berry said.
"It's been a challenge to interface graphene with other nano-systems because graphene lacks an anchoring chemistry," he said. "And if graphene's chemistry is changed to add anchors, it loses its superior properties. The distinction of our chemistry will enable integration of graphene with almost anything, while retaining its properties.
"We envision that our work will motivate a worldwide move towards 'ring-centered' chemistries to interface graphene with other systems."
###
Co-authors on the paper include Songwei Che, Sanjay Behura, and Phong Nguyen, UIC; Kabeer Jasuja, Indian Institute of Technology; and T.S. Sreeprasad, Clemson University.
In an interview with Radio Sputnik, Bundeswehr Lieutenant Colonel Jürgen Rose commented on Berlin's large-scale plans to update its military, saying that a sharp increase in defense spending doesn't guarantee any positive changes in the near future.
Germany plans to spend hundreds of millions of euros on new weapons, a move that has long been mulled by the country's government amid a shortage of military equipment.
"Pumping vast financial resources into [Germany's] defense budget won't bring any fundamental improvement, at least in the short run," German military analyst Jürgen Rose told Sputnik.
READ MORE: Germany's Tornado Jets Still Can't Fly at Night
In his opinion, even if the Ministry of Defense would have access to this money, it would not be able to spend it, because such spending can be done only after much planning and discussion.
"A whole staff of officers and defense officials in the Ministry of Defense have to work out exactly what for and when this money should be spent. And that must be approved on different hierarchical levels. If there is consensus within the ministry and the minister approves it, then it goes to the defense committee and must be discussed and approved all over again," Rose said.
Common EU Army: Possible Solution?
Rose believes that the problems Germany is facing in the military field must be resolved at the European level, rather than on the national level in the Bundeswehr.
In particular, he referred to the idea of a common European army, which was approved in autumn 2017.
"One should take steps to gradually abolish national armies in favor of a European army. The EU has more soldiers than the United States […]. So, we could spend significantly less money on the military, if we would do the spending properly."
450 Million Euros for Modernization
Earlier, German newspaper Handelsblatt reported that the Bundeswehr intends to spend more than €450 million on the modernization of its armed forces in 2018 alone.
READ MORE: AfD Slams Defense Minister's 'Wrong Priorities' for Germany's Armed Forces
The German army has been repeatedly said to be suffering equipment and staff shortages.
Among other things, the Bundeswehr is to receive new rocket launchers, rescue helicopters and transport aircraft. The list, among many other things, also includes a leasing contract for Israeli Heron TP drones.
There are plenty of minor tweaks, updates, and improvements that will increase the value of your home, including what colors you should paint your walls, front door, and rooms to ensure top-dollar sales. There are also plenty of mistakes to avoid if you want to sell successfully.
But one “amenity” you can't control has the potential to increase the value of your home, and you can see it clearly on Google Maps.
RELATED: Harry Styles, Jennifer Lawrence and Justin Timberlake All Live in The Same Apartment Building: Here's Why
Owning a home near a certain beloved grocery store can positively affect the value of your home. According to ATTOM Data Solutions (and via realtor.com and moneyish.com), homes located near—you guessed it—Trader Joe's have experienced, on average, a 5-year home price appreciation of 67%. (Added to the money you'll save by shopping at Trader Joe's, that's quite a boon for your wallet.)
WATCH THIS: Love It or List It's David and Hilary Actually Hate This Popular Design Trend
And it's not just Trader Joe's. Homes near Whole Foods experienced 52% appreciation on average, and homes near fan-favorite ALDI averaged 51% appreciation. We've always appreciated Trader Joe's (and Whole Foods and ALDI), so it's nice to hear that the housing market does too.
Break out Google Maps and get your bearings. If you're near an established Trader Joe's—or one that's coming soon—you may benefit once it comes time to sell your home. Until then, being near these three stores (and TJ's in particular) makes the weekly grocery run so much more convenient.
RELATED: Mel Gibson Asks $17.5 Million for His Castle-Like Malibu Estate: See Inside
When your favorite Mandarin orange chicken and dark chocolate peanut butter cups are just around the corner, it's a win for you, your family, and (eventually) your real estate endeavors.
This article originally appeared on Southernliving.com
VATICAN CITY (CNS) -- Jesus is the risen shepherd who takes upon his shoulders "our brothers and sisters crushed by evil in all its varied forms," Pope Francis said before giving his solemn Easter blessing.
With tens of thousands of people gathered in St. Peter's Square April 16, the pope called on Christians to be instruments of Christ's outreach to refugees and migrants, victims of war and exploitation, famine and loneliness.
For the 30th year in a row, Dutch farmers and florists blanketed the area around the altar with grass and 35,000 flowers and plants: lilies, roses, tulips, hyacinths, daffodils, birch and linden.
Preaching without a prepared text, Pope Francis began -- as he did the night before at the Easter Vigil -- imagining the disciples desolate because "the one they loved so much was executed. He died."
While they are huddling in fear, the angel tells them, "He is risen." And, the pope said, the church continues to proclaim that message always and everywhere, including to those whose lives are truly, unfairly difficult.
"It is the mystery of the cornerstone that was discarded, but has become the foundation of our existence," he said. And those who follow Jesus, "we pebble," find meaning even in the midst of suffering because of sure hope in the resurrection.
Thanks for signing up!
April 6 Gold prices edged up on Thursday on a weaker dollar and as appetite for risky assets such as equities waned ahead of a tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.1 percent to $1,256 per ounce by 0100 GMT. U.S. gold futures climbed as much as 1 percent to $1,260.80 and was last up 0.7 percent at $1,257. * On Tuesday, spot gold hit its highest since Feb. 27 at $1,261.15. * Investors were cautious ahead of a potentially tense meeting between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday, the first between the world's two most powerful leaders. * Topping the agenda at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida will be whether he makes good on his threat to use U.S.-China trade ties to pressure Beijing to do more to rein in its nuclear-armed neighbour North Korea. * Lingering fears of a possible trade war kept Asian markets on edge. * The dollar index fell 0.1 percent to 100.450. * U.S. Federal Reserve's March minutes on Wednesday showed most policymakers think the central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as the economic data holds up. * The ADP National Employment Report showed that U.S. private employers added 263,000 jobs in March, beating economists' forecasts of 187,000 additions. * Euro zone businesses enjoyed their best quarter in six years at the start of 2017 and although growth was not quite as fast as a flash estimate, the upturn was broad-based, a survey suggested on Wednesday. * Greece and its international lenders remained at odds in talks to release fresh bailout loans to Athens on Wednesday as Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said a deal was needed this week and accused creditors of 'playing games' and causing delays. * China's Shandong Gold Mining Co Ltd is in advanced talks to buy a 50 percent stake in Barrick Gold Corp's Veladero gold mine in Argentina, people familiar with the process told Reuters even as the Canadian miner grappled with a pipe rupture at the site. * ABN AMRO said on Wednesday it sees 2017 average gold price forecast at $1,254 per ounce and the 2017 average silver price forecast at $18.3 per ounce. * UBS on Wednesday tempered its gold price expectations. It expects gold to average $1,300 per ounce for 2017 from $1,350 previously and $1,325 for 2018 from $1,450 previously. DATA AHEAD (GMT) 0145 China Caixin services PMI Mar 0600 Germany Industrial orders Feb 1130 U.S. Challenger layoffs Mar 1230 U.S. Weekly jobless claims (Reporting By Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
Lauren Conrad is celebrating the new year by announcing she's expecting a baby.
The 30-year-old former star of MTV's Laguna Beach and The Hills posted a picture of her sonogram on Instagram on Monday with the note, “I have a feeling 2017 is going to be the best year yet.”
This will be the first child for Conrad and her 36-year-old musician husband, William Tell. The couple married in 2014.
Since leaving TV, Conrad has worked as a fashion designer and launched a homeware line.
At two-room elementary school, education meets rural Wyoming
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Josh Galemore, AP Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 In this May 4, 2018, photo, Red Creek Elementary students Oliver Nelson, from left, Kadin Pollock and Luke Nelson work on homework assignments in a small crevasse during a school outing in rural Natrona County, Wyo. There are two classrooms in the trailer that is Red Creek Elementary. The third classroom is outside: It's the sprawling prairie and foothills, the ridges, the anthills, the coyote scat and the roaming cattle where the school's nine students have science class and explore and learn about their world. (Josh Galemore/The Casper Star-Tribune via AP) less In this May 4, 2018, photo, Red Creek Elementary students Oliver Nelson, from left, Kadin Pollock and Luke Nelson work on homework assignments in a small crevasse during a school outing in rural Natrona County, ... more Photo: Josh Galemore, AP Image 2 of 5 In this May 4, 2018, photo, Red Creek Elementary teacher Shellie Elliot sits with students as they work on an assignment in rural Natrona County, Wyo. There are two classrooms in the trailer that is Red Creek Elementary. The third classroom is outside: It's the sprawling prairie and foothills, the ridges, the anthills, the coyote scat and the roaming cattle where the school's nine students have science class and explore and learn about their world. (Josh Galemore/The Casper Star-Tribune via AP) less In this May 4, 2018, photo, Red Creek Elementary teacher Shellie Elliot sits with students as they work on an assignment in rural Natrona County, Wyo. There are two classrooms in the trailer that is Red Creek ... more Photo: Josh Galemore, AP Image 3 of 5 In this May 4, 2018, photo, students run around the old Red Creek Elementary schoolhouse in rural Natrona County, Wyo. The school is currently housed in the two-classroom trailer. The third classroom is outside: It's the sprawling prairie and foothills, the ridges, the anthills, the coyote scat and the roaming cattle where the school's nine students have science class and explore and learn about their world. (Josh Galemore/The Casper Star-Tribune via AP) less In this May 4, 2018, photo, students run around the old Red Creek Elementary schoolhouse in rural Natrona County, Wyo. The school is currently housed in the two-classroom trailer. The third classroom is ... more Photo: Josh Galemore, AP Image 4 of 5 In this May 4, 2018, photo, Huck Neumann, a kindergartner at Red Creek Elementary School, looks through binoculars during a break in a field trip hike through the 3-J Ranch in rural Natrona County, Wyo. There are two classrooms in the trailer that is Red Creek Elementary. The third classroom is outside: It's the sprawling prairie and foothills, the ridges, the anthills, the coyote scat and the roaming cattle where the school's nine students have science class and explore and learn about their world. (Josh Galemore/The Casper Star-Tribune via AP) less In this May 4, 2018, photo, Huck Neumann, a kindergartner at Red Creek Elementary School, looks through binoculars during a break in a field trip hike through the 3-J Ranch in rural Natrona County, Wyo. There ... more Photo: Josh Galemore, AP Image 5 of 5 At two-room elementary school, education meets rural Wyoming 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
CASPER, Wyo. (AP) — There are two classrooms in the trailer that is Red Creek Elementary. There are cubbies, hooks for jackets, a cluster of desks, a bathroom, a whiteboard, posters with owls and educational platitudes. There's a desk for the teacher, some tables, a cabinet stuffed with balls, a purified water fountain.
The third classroom is outside, past the blue playground equipment and the field of wildflowers next to it, past the asphalt driveway and the metal cattle gate that blocks it. It's the sprawling prairie and foothills, the ridges, the anthills, the coyote scat and the roaming cattle. This is where the nine students who call Red Creek home have science class, where they explore and learn about their world. Here, off of Highway 487, 35 minutes from Casper and 55 minutes from Medicine Bow, Wyoming's rural heart meets its public education mission.
Today, on this early May morning, the class is walking into this third classroom for the first time in 2018. It's warm outside, and the snow is gone. The students' backpacks are filled with binoculars, plastic containers to hold bugs, jackets in case it rains, sunscreen, snacks and notebooks in which to make "observations" about what they see. They're wearing hats and hiking and cowboy boots.
Shelie Elliott, the school's teacher and principal and nurse and emergency snake handler, teaches science classes outside because why wouldn't she? The science of these rural students' lives is in the land that surrounds the trailer. This is their world, she says, where they live and their parents work. The school doesn't have science over the winter, she explains, and instead focus on other subjects.
Like districts across the state, the Natrona County School District has a handful of rural schools like Red Creek. Midwest is the largest, but there's Poison Spider, too, and Alcova and Powder River.
They're schools that are directly tied to the people who live near them. Powder River, for instance, closed last year because its students left. They exist when the community needs them.
Elliott says that as far as she's concerned, this is the best job. She'd retire before going back into town and teaching at a larger school. With the help of an aide, she teaches kindergartners through fifth-graders at once, which allows her to "mush" the rigid grade lines of bigger schools and help older students who may struggle with concepts they'd learned in years past. Because she teaches every student, Elliott knows the struggles of each kid.
"When you're out here, you rely on each other," she says. She lives 20-some minutes from here, off of Zero Road. But for a while, Elliott says, she lived in the second trailer that's next door to the school. She'll still stay there sometimes, when the weather is bad.
"(The students) all know each other," she continues. "They all grew up together. Everybody is connected. ... The kids out here deserve to be educated."
Today, they'll receive that education outdoors. As the sun begins to rise, Elliott, aide Stephanie Comstock and the students all file out of the trailer, across the parking lot, through the gate — which they lock behind them — and onto a gravel road that leads away from the highway and the school.
They have a long class ahead of them. They'll travel up this road a little ways, then cross into the grass and brush, up and over ridges, to the old, one-room schoolhouse that used to be Red Creek. From there, they'll travel down another dirt road to the 3-J Ranch, whose owners let the school wander and learn.
As they begin their walk, the moon sits low in the sky.
"Hi, moon!" one boy calls out cheerfully.
"Somebody point north!" Elliott calls to her class. She's near the front, Comstock near the back, with most of the students spread out between them. Up ahead, third-grader Benaiah walks alone, hands gripping the straps of his backpack, cowboy hat pulled down over his brow.
A bunch of little fingers point south.
"That's not north!" Elliott cries back, mock-despairingly.
As they walk, they observe. One student calls out ants. Elliott says she's more interested in the scat next to the colony. It's from a coyote, another student judges.
"I believe so," Elliott agrees.
Further on, there are holes in the ground. Elliott stops the procession. "Wait! Let's talk about this! What did this?"
"Moles!"
"Who said that? Kindergartner! Say it!"
The kindergartner — there are two, Huck and Trapper — repeats himself. Moles!
Or voles, Elliott adds.
"What's a vole?"
"He has chipmunk cheeks — he has pockets, and he puts food in there," Elliott says, excitedly. Then, as the kids ponder that: "Yeah. It's gross."
A cow and her two calves are lounging up ahead on the road. Elliott asks the students how to stay safe around cows.
"Don't get in front of them!"
"How does it feel to be rolled by a cow?" she asks.
"Horrible!" nine voices offer up in unison.
Eventually the class veers off of the road and into the grass. The students offer more advice, like how to best kill a rattlesnake ("Don't tell the kindergartners that," Elliott sighs). She instructs her students to make observations and then come up with a hypothesis. They practice. Observation: It's dry. Hypothesis: There will be less wildlife around.
It's a theory that's born out: Other than the cow and her calves, the class comes upon no critters, very little scat and no bones. The students scribble observations and notes about what they do see — flowers, ants, animal holes — in Disney and Lego and Angry Birds notebooks.
Just before 10 a.m. the little train reaches the Old School, where Red Creek students of years past learned. The white building with its red roof is nestled at the base of some hills off of a dirt road that leads to the 3-J Ranch. A portable toilet, apparently abandoned from some event long ago but still usable, sits out front. Behind the schoolhouse is a single-room log cabin, also with a red roof, where previous Red Creek teachers would live.
Inside, the Old School — as Elliott and the students call it — is empty but for some benches, some folding chairs stacked near the door, a drawer, a brown wooden cabinet, some Christmas tinsel. Inside the drawer is an old voter registration card. Huck, who's become enamored with a pair of binoculars, peers out the window of the school. In the cabin, there are more chairs and folding tables. A tall, cylindrical trash can overflows with garbage.
Elliott explains that the school moved closer to the highway because school buses had a hard time getting out here after heavy snowfalls. Now the Old School is a science day stopping point.
They dwell briefly here before setting off again. Elliott stoops to pick up Huck's hat, which is in the middle of the dirt road.
"We need to organize Huck," she tells Comstock.
"What does organize mean?" Huck asks her.
"It means you're a mess," Elliott replies, smiling.
As the sun rises and morning slips into afternoon, the class makes its way down the road onto the ranch. They pass a tree, a herding dog and some horses grazing in a field. They hop over a small creek behind the ranch and spread out in the shade of a rocky outcropping, which they call Shady Rock. As some cows lounge in a nearby field, Elliott gives the class an assignment.
Third- through fifth-graders write a sentence about what they've seen so far today. The first letter in each sentence should spell out spring, she instructs, and each sentence should have to do with season. Second- and first-graders wrote one word for each letter. For the first time, the class falls silent as the students think.
P is for poop, first-grader Amos writes.
"Poop? Spring reminds you of poop?" Elliott asks.
"Because of scat," Amos replies seriously.
"Because we go around looking for it," Elliott agrees. "That's right."
Oliver, a second-grader, writes summer, pollen, rocks, ice cream, "nuckles" (because he punches the ground in the spring, he explains, but not in the winter or summer) and guns. Amos, meanwhile, is trying to draw the caterpillar that he caught, but it's moving too quickly to sketch. He's gathered a handful of furry caterpillars in a little plastic box and wants to write about it, but he and Levi, a second-grader, can't figure out what the plural form of "caterpillar" is.
The class wraps up its assignment and trudges across the field and up a steep hill, the slopes for which are covered in shale. At the top, where they can see their world, they sit in the shade and eat lunch. Amos, who's managed to add a few grasshoppers to his caterpillar collection, asks Levi if he wants to be "best bug buddies."
"Of course," Levi replies cheerfully.
After lunch, the class cleans up and walks a few feet further up to the top of the hill, where there's brush atop the shale. As Elliott points out to distant mountain peaks, she suddenly yells. There's a large rattlesnake coiled beneath the shade of a bush. She pulls the students away and sends them back, further down the hill.
As Comstock gathers the students, Elliott stands a few yards away from the rattler, pondering it.
"I have nothing to kill it with," she says, as if trying to figure out a math equation. She stands there and looks at the animal for another moment before turning around and walking back to the students.
"Snakes are not something we mess around with," Elliott tells them. It's the only time all day there's been a hard edge in her voice.
But her tone softens quickly as the class moves back up the hill, a safe distance from the snake, and continues looking at the horizon. The students are back to discussing the best way to kill a snake. Elliott is looking out over the prairie. Red Creek's trailers are barely visible. The creek itself looks like a red wound in the earth.
As she stands there, her students jabbering around her, she asks the class a question. She's thrown questions at them throughout the day, as they've walked past scat and sagebrush and cows. But this one is different. She isn't prodding the students to make observations. She's making one of her own.
"Aren't we lucky to live in Wyoming?"
___
Information from: Casper (Wyo.) Star-Tribune, http://www.trib.com
LOS ANGELES >> Dodgers relievers are reporting for work early and often again.
For the most part, the relief corps has been up to the early-season workload. But Chris Hatcher gave up a leadoff home run to Jake Lamb in the eighth inning of a tie game and the Arizona Diamondbacks went on to hand the Dodgers a 4-2 defeat Monday night.
The late power gave the Diamondbacks a split of the four-game series at Dodger Stadium and dropped the Dodgers back to .500 (7-7) without a series victory since the opening series of the season against the San Diego Padres.
Nine time in those first 14 games the Dodgers' starting pitcher has gone five innings or fewer. Brandon McCarthy is the latest.
McCarthy was impressive through the first four innings, allowing two hits, walking two and striking out six (on his way to eight total) while extending his scoreless streak to 10 innings (including his part in a shutout of the Chicago Cubs last week).
But the Diamondbacks got to him in the fifth inning. McCarthy walked Chris Owings with one out then struck out Jeff Mathis. Three consecutive two-out singles – by Ray, A.J. Pollock and David Peralta – produced two runs and tied the score because the Dodgers were having their usual slow night offensively against a left-handed starter, Robbie Ray.
Ray struck out 10 and allowed just three hits in his six innings. The Dodgers did get to him for single runs in the second and fourth.
Promoted from Triple-A before the game, Rob Segedin singled in his first at-bat and worked his way around the bases on a walk, sacrifice bunt and sacrifice fly to score in the second inning. Kike' Hernandez took a more direct route, leading off the fourth inning with a solo home run inside the left field foul pole.
After Hernandez's homer, however, Ray struck out the next six consecutive Dodgers and allowed just one more hit (an infield single by Yasmani Grandal) in his six innings.
The Dodgers' bullpen came into the game with the lowest WHIP in the majors and the lowest ERA in the National League. Grant Dayton continued the trend with a scoreless sixth. With long relievers Alex Wood (headed back to the rotation) and Ross Stripling (2-1/3 innings Sunday) unavailable, Dodgers manager Dave Roberts turned to Hatcher for multiple innings
Hatcher kept the score tied through the seventh despite a pair of Diamondbacks hits. But in the top of the eighth Lamb jumped on the first pitch from Hatcher, a 92-mph cutter that stayed over the plate, and drove it into the right-field pavilion. It was the first home run allowed by a Dodgers reliever this season.
Advertisement
Justin Turner led off the bottom of the eighth with a bloop double, putting the Dodgers in position to respond. But the next three hitters – Yasiel Puig, Yasmani Grandal and Hernandez – each popped out, part of an 0-for-6 night with runners in scoring position.
Instead, it was the Diamondbacks who scored again.
Hatcher pitched into the ninth inning and gave up a two-out single to Pollock on his 47th pitch. Lefty reliever Luis Avilan came in and gave up an RBI triple to Peralta.
BERLIN, March 29 The two-year period for Britain and the European Union to settle the terms of their split after British Prime Minister Theresa May filed divorce papers on Wednesday is very tight, a spokesman for the German Foreign Ministry said.
I have a problem writing this week's column. I want to write about the belt stars of the constellation Orion, but I'm not sure how to word their geometric relationship with each other.
The issue has to do with a peculiar difference in the way we refer to queuing in America. Say you're waiting to get onto a ride at the Ohio State Fair. The group of people you are waiting with is commonly called a “line.” I might call the queuing situation standing “in line,” but I frequently hear it called standing “online.”
The latter description makes absolutely no sense to me. It assumes that there is some sort of line on the ground and people are standing on it. I have looked on several occasions and the line in question appears to be completely imaginary. In fact, the humans standing there actually constitute the line. They are therefore in it and not on it.
If all this sounds silly (and it is, of course), consider the way NASA refers to satellites they have launched into orbit around Earth. Their spokespeople always say that the satellite is “on orbit” as it there is some tangible line the object is traveling on. However, the satellite forms the orbit as it goes. Thus, it is in orbit, thank you very much.
Those of you who are reading this piece online (ha!) should feel free to comment on this issue.
In the meantime, allow me to say that it's hard to miss the three belt stars of Orion. They are of about equal brightness in an almost equally spaced line.
Look for them — and the rest of Orion — low in the southeast just after dark. The Hunter is tilted on his side so that his belt is more vertical than horizontal.
The three belt stars are among the most famous in the nighttime sky. Many cultures throughout history and around the globe have their own special and distinct names for what we call Orion's belt.
Among the most notable literary references appears in the Bible's Book of Job.
Job is upset with God because he has tried mightily to follow God's law, and all he's gotten from it is pain and poverty. There seems to be no justice in the world. In response, God asks Job, “Canst thou bind the sweet influence of the Pleiades, or loose the bands of Orion's Belt?”
Of course, Job can't, but that doesn't mean that the “bands” aren't coming loose already, as we shall see.
The top star of the belt is called Mintaka, an Arabic word that means “belt.” It is the closest of the three stars at 1,500 light years away. At six trillion miles per light year, that's pretty distant as far as bright, naked-eye stars go. Its brightness in the sky is caused by its phenomenal energy output. Mintaka is a hot, young, blue star producing 20,000 times more energy than our daystar, the sun.
But Mintaka is a piker compared to the middle star of the belt, a ferocious energy-producer called Alnilam, the “String of Pearls.” Alnilam emits 40,000 times more energy than the sun and is one of the hottest stars known at about 80,000 degrees Fahrenheit. (Compare that to the sun's rather chilly 10,000 degrees.) It is also the belt's farthest star at 1,630 light years away.
The belt's bottom star is named Alnitak, “The Girdle.” Its energy production is about midway between the other two stars at 35,000 suns. It is a bit closer to us than Alnilam at 1,600 light years.
In fact, the belt stars are not in a line at all ­ — or on one either. The three stars look bound together like the holes in a belt, but that appearance is an illusion based on our Earthly point of view, which is no more important than the point of view from any place in our Milky Way galaxy of 300 billion stars.
Note the distances to the stars from Earth I listed above. The two stars closest to each other, Alnilam and Alnitak, are at least 30 light years away from each other. Compare that with the distance of our own sun with Sirius, the closest star to it. Sirius is a scant 8.6 light years away from the sun, and the two stars can hardly be called “bound,” gravitationally or otherwise.
Orion's girdle is made up of stars that are placed at incredible distances from each other. If you stood on a planet orbiting Alnilam, you would see the other two stars on opposite sides of the sky.
And the stars are “unbinding” even further. As you read these words, they are moving away from each other at ungodly velocities. In the far distant future, if humans survive to look at the heavens, Orion's belt will have disappeared, its stars scattered to the far ends of the great deep.
As for the on and in thing, it turns out to be a function of regional dialects. New Yorkers and, apparently, NASA spokespeople tend to use on instead of the more logical in. But nobody every claimed that language was logical in the first place. If you don't believe me, check it out in-, er, on-line.
By Tom Burns Stargazing
Tom Burns is director of the Perkins Observatory in Delaware.
Tom Burns is director of the Perkins Observatory in Delaware.
Market Overview:
Due to the increasing demand of frozen fruits and vegetables products, the market is growing at an incremental pace of development on the global stage.
The demand for healthy convenience food is increasing, globally. The frozen fruits and vegetables are convenient in use with no extra efforts required to clean and cut them as in fresh fruits and vegetables. The number of women and men working is on increase, so need for such convenience is the need of the day. The trend of making fruit smoothies, with frozen fruits it is easy to make smoothies which will increase the sales of frozen fruits in upcoming years. Countries where there is shortage of fresh fruits and vegetables, frozen and packed fruit and vegetables are preferred which is creating an opportunity for key players to penetrate the market.
Get Exclusive Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/728
Latest Industry Updates:
Sep 2015 B&G to buy General Mills' Green Giant frozen foods business to expand its distribution network and enter the frozen foods market. Green Giant, with a portfolio of more than 160 products, is the second-biggest frozen foods brand by market share in the United States and the largest in Canada.
Oct 2016 Supermarket giant Coles has done agreement for sourcing an extra 6 million kilograms of Australian vegetables a year in a deal with food processor Simplot.
Oct 2017 Bonduelle, a France-based international vegetable supplier announced its annual financial results which shows the rise of sales rising sales especially after acquisition of U.S. based Ready Pac Foods.
Competitive Analysis:
The key players are undergoing strategic moves of mergers and acquisitions to expand their business in frozen fruits and vegetables. Joint ventures are also one of the strategic moves. For instance; Agrokor and Ardo signed a Joint Venture agreement to enable Vinka to become a leading manufacturing plant of frozen fruits and vegetables in Eastern Europe. Product packaging and promotions are also among the focus areas of the manufacturers.
The key players profiled in global Frozen Fruits and Vegetables Market are Dole (U.S.), Ardo NV (Belgium), HJ Heinz (US), Simplot Australia PTY Ltd (Australia), General Mills (U.S.), Findus Sverige AB, (Sweden), Pinnacle Foods Corp. (US), and Bonduelle Group (France) among many others.
Market Segments:
The global Frozen Fruits and Vegetables market has been divided into type, form, application, and region.
On The Basis Of Type: Fruits, and Vegetables
On The Basis Of Form: Whole, Pureed, Dried, and Others
On The Basis Of Application: Fruit- Fruit juices & Smoothies, Breakfast Cereals, Salads & Desserts, Bakery Foods, Yoghurts, and Others
Vegetable- Pizza Toppings, Salads, RTE (Ready to Eat Foods), Noodles & Pastas, Soups, and Others
On The Basis Of Region: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and ROW.
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/frozen-fruits-vegetables-market-728
Regional Analysis:
APAC is projected to witness maximum growth in the mango market followed by North America. Also, volume wise market size of APAC region will continue to be higher with 58% share. Increasing disposable incomes in India and China along with growing demand for frozen and processed products will drive the market growth of frozen fruits & vegetables. Europe is likely to witness maximum growth in the apricots market followed by APAC. Likewise, volume wise market size will continue to be higher under APAC region with major market share. With growing demand for apricots and processed products, the market of frozen fruits & vegetables is projected to boost in the coming years. Moreover, APAC will witness maximum growth in the frozen vegetables market followed by South America.
Diko has summoned 22 of its members on Monday to a disciplinary hearing for not backing party leader Nicolas Papadopoulos during the first round of the presidential elections, it was reported on Saturday.
According to daily Politis, Diko had bailiffs deliver the summons to the 22 rebels, among them the former leader of the party, Marios Garoyian and former MP and MEP Antigoni Papadopoulou.
The disciplinary body of the party is to examine each case separately starting Monday, the daily said.
The party is looking to strike off Garoyian and four other senior members, and 17 members of its Central Committee, accusing them of openly expressing support for incumbent President Nicos Anastasiades in the run up to the presidential election.
The group is reportedly being accused of not abiding by their obligations as senior members, for conduct which discredits the moral authority and dignity of the party, and for keeping a stance contrary to the principles, ideology and decisions of the party, all in violation of Diko's charter.
Infighting broke out at Diko soon after it transpired that Papadopoulos had been thoroughly defeated by Akel-backed Stavros Malas in the first round of the presidential elections last Sunday. Papadopoulos' 25.7 per cent landed him in the third place and deprived him of a spot in the runoff.
Garoyian earlier in the week accused Papadopoulos of failure to assume responsibility for the defeat and said that the party seeks scapegoats to dump responsibilities on instead.
The party said that Garoyian was referred to the disciplinary council because he violated the party's decision and worked against Papadopoulos' candidacy thus “undermining the people's fight”.
Diko had said that it was offensive that Garoyian chose to attack the party's bodies for enforcing the charter instead “of respecting the people of the Democratic party and the hundreds of members who fought the presidential election battle with selflessness and patriotism.”
Police officer who killed man stabbing woman not charged
FAIRFIELD, Ohio (AP) — A prosecutor says a police officer who fatally shot a man while the man was stabbing a woman in an Ohio home will not face any criminal charges.
Butler County's prosecutor said in a statement Tuesday that a grand jury determined no charge was warranted against Fairfield police Officer Bryan Carnes. Authorities say Carnes fired several shots at 37-year-old Logan Williamson as Williamson stabbed Michelle Henry June 22 in Fairfield.
Williamson died at the scene. The 37-year-old Henry died at a hospital in the Cincinnati suburb.
Prosecutor Michael Gmoser (MOH'-zur) said Carnes "did his duty."
Police records show officers were called to the home last year on a domestic violence report and Williamson was arrested for attacking Henry. The records also show Henry accused Williamson of trying to poison her.
Speech to Text for New CEO for Boys and Girls Club
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
excited to get to work. as we told you earlier on news 10 --- nate green will be the chief executive officer. we talked to green after today's announcement. the boys and girls club gives local youth a safe place to learn and have fun. green will help with day-to-day operations and programs. he'll also oversee a new master plan for the club and its future. green told us it's humbling to be able to positively impact young people's lives. "it's more important than ever that the youth of our community are provided a place that's both safe and positive. a lot of outside influences are going on in the world today. green attended indiana state university on a basketball scholarship. he officially starts August 6th. [b16]care with a bear-vo news 10 is teaming up with a local
Man charged with shooting 2 live deer impaled with arrows
SHADY COVE, Ore. (AP) — Oregon State Police have charged a Jackson County man with aggravated animal abuse in the case of two black-tailed deer that were seen alive in the wild with arrows sticking out of their bodies.
OSP's Fish & Wildlife Division said Tuesday 36-year-old Daniel Logsdon faces charges of the unlawful take of an antlerless deer, aggravated animal abuse in the first degree and failure to report accurate information as a sex offender.
It wasn't immediately clear if Logsdon has an attorney.
Investigators launched a three-month investigation after residents spotted the impaled animals in the Shady Cove area.
Wildlife biologists were able to tranquilize the deer and remove the arrows.
One deer had an arrow embedded in its head. The other had one in its neck.
They are expected to survive.
April 28 Lastminute.Com NV:
* 2017 revenues are seen slightly growing as a result of stable OTA performance and double digit growth of meta business which is confirming strong momentum
* For 2017, EBITDA will be in line with last year as a result of combined better business performance and higher investments Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A little beer is a lot of flavor in these Super Bowl sliders
hello
Big provisions are required to watch the big game, and nothing's more substantial than a burger, even in its mini-form - the slider.
Indeed, if you plan to serve a variety of dishes for the Super Bowl, sliders are more sensible than the full-sized guys. But they happen to be a little trickier to cook than a standard-issue burger. The slider's size makes it tough to put a nice crust on the outside while ensuring that it doesn't overcook on the inside.
These sliders are adapted from a burger I used to make at a bar in Ann Arbor, Michigan, called the Del Rio - my first job as a cook. Dubbed the Det Burger, this marvel was dreamed up before I landed at the Del Rio by a cook named Bob Detweiler, who baptized the creation after himself. The heart of the original version was a quarter-pounder topped by "the Det mix" - canned mushrooms, canned olives, grilled onions, freeze-dried green peppers and slices of cheese.
But there also was a secret ingredient: beer. The Det Burger was steamed in beer. If it wasn't quite "the burger that made Ann Arbor famous," it was undeniably a city-wide favorite.
A generation later, I assembled the same winning combo of ingredients - though in a fresher form - and then focused on the cooking process to make sure that these mini-burgers ended up both juicy and crusty. There are a few key points to preparing Beer-Steamed Cheese and Mushroom Beef Sliders.
First, the sliders need to be about 3/4 inch thick, not only so they don't overcook, but also so you can fit all of them at one time into the skillet. Second, the skillet needs to be large, a 12-incher. If you don't have a skillet that big, use two smaller ones and cook six sliders in each. And third, whichever skillet you use, the oil must be heated until it's almost smoking. At the start, you want the burgers to sear, not steam, which is what will happen if the pan isn't hot enough.
At first, the sliders will be crowded together in the skillet, but they'll shrink down as they cook, giving off fat and juices in the process. You deglaze the pan with beer, of course, which mingles intimately with the fat and juices released by the burgers to create a delectable pan sauce.
I recommend spooning some of this liquid onto the buns before sliding in the burgers, but my son proposes a more extravagant way to roll: pour the sauce into ramekins and invite your guests to dunk their sliders into it between bites. Whatever happens onscreen, you'll be winning at home.
___
BEER-STEAMED CHEESE AND MUSHROOM BEEF SLIDERS
Start to finish: 50 minutes
Makes 12 sliders
3 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided
1/2 cup finely chopped yellow onion
3 ounces mushrooms (white, cremini or shiitake), finely chopped
Kosher salt
2 tablespoons finely chopped pitted green olives
2 tablespoons finely chopped, drained, canned green chilies
3 ounces sliced sharp cheddar cheese, broken into 12 equal pieces
1 1/2 pounds ground beef, shaped into 12 sliders, each about 3/4 inch thick
Ground black pepper
1/3 cup beer
12 slider buns
In a large (at least 12-inch) skillet over medium, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil. Add the onion and cook until golden, about 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the onion to a bowl. Add another tablespoon of the oil to the pan, the mushrooms and a hefty pinch of salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid the mushrooms give off has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Transfer the mushrooms to the bowl with the onion. Reserve the skillet.
Add the olives and chilies to the mushroom mixture and stir well. Set aside.
Return the skillet to high heat. Add the remaining tablespoon of oil and wait until it is almost smoking. Meanwhile, season the sliders on one side with salt and pepper. When the oil is hot, add the sliders, seasoned side down (it will be a little crowded in the pan), and cook them until they are just browned on the first side, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle the top side of each with salt and pepper, turn the sliders over and cook for another 2 minutes.
While the sliders are browning, top each slider with a heaping teaspoon of the mushroom mixture, dividing all of the mixture among the sliders, then place a piece of cheese on top of each. Quickly pour the beer into the pan, all around the sliders, cover the pan and steam for 2 minutes.
Turn off the heat and let the sliders sit in the pan for another minute to let the cheese melt completely. Spoon some of the liquid in the skillet onto the tops and bottoms of the buns, transfer the sliders to the buns and serve right away.
Nutrition information per slider: 280 calories; 120 calories from fat (43 percent of total calories); 13 g fat (4 g saturated; 0 g trans fats); 45 mg cholesterol; 370 mg sodium; 23 g carbohydrate; 1 g fiber; 3 g sugar; 16 g protein.
___
Sara Moulton is host of public television's "Sara's Weeknight Meals." She was a executive chef at Gourmet magazine for nearly 25 years and spent a decade hosting several Food Network shows, including "Cooking Live." Her latest cookbook is "Home Cooking 101."
Speech to Text for Rex win 7th straight
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
up.. but that hasn't been a problem so far for the terre haute rex.. who are trying to win number 7 in a row tonight.. umpires wearing the stars and stripes tonight as the rex host quincy.. terre haute struggling to get anything going.. still hitless when jarrett oleary hits a shot to right center.. but francisco rodriguez makes a great catch for out number two in the 3rd.. but that inspired the rex offense.. next batter .. jordan schaffer beams it over the wall in left.. that's a solo home run for the west terre haute native.. he brings the home team within one.. and rex manager tyler wampler says it just takes one hit to get them going.. next it's drew ashley.. he singles into left to keep the 2-out rally going.. then roby enriquez moves ashley around.. the sycamore singles to the right side to put two on.. and why not keep it rolling.. lorenzo elion drives it to left field.. ashley rounding third and heading for home.. he slides in safely.. the terre haute rex tie the game in the inning.. they end up with 13 hits in the game.. the rex beat quincy.. 8-4 the final .. that's seven straight wins for the terre haute nine.. and tyler wampler says things are just clicking right now for his squad. [e4]rex vs quincy-sot we've felt confident. our guys are relaxed. guys are fresh. we've had some rainouts, so it's helped our bullpen. it's helped our entire staff. so they're just playing well right now. we're not even 24 hours into n-b-a free
Every Monday, we will take a quick look back at some of the talking points from the weekend's action as we have reached the midway point of the Connacht Gold Senior Championship.
Simply click on our photo gallery to follow our look back at round one or read below to see our views on an intriguing week two.
And look to www.leitrimobserver.ie on Tuesday evenings for our talking points from the Fox's Monumentals Intermediate Championship.
WHEN LOSING FEELS LIKE WINNING AND WINNING FEELS LIKE LOSING!
It is hard to believe it but from talking to the county's GAA fans over the weekend, you'd have got the distinct impression that defending champions Aughawillan had laid down a major marker in the defence of their title and Sean O'Heslin's had somehow slipped up!
But then look at the scoreline and you see the Ballinamore men had eight points to spare over their great rivals and the defending champions launched a furious second half revival that left them cursing some missed chances by the time the final whistle sounded.
It is a strange feeling but Aughawillan will have taken a lot from their defeat last Friday in Cloone but they would be wise not to read too much into it, even with the imminent return of some of their stars.
For Ballinamore Sean O'Heslin's, the talk could be the best thing that happens to them - they defeated their rivals but have everyone talking about Aughawillan, keeping their feet firmly on the ground.
MAXWELL TURNS BACK THE CLOCK AS DRUMREILLY SPRING SURPRISE
Declan Maxwell rolled back the years with a starring role for Drumreilly in their win over Annaduff on Saturday. With another of their talismen, John McKeon, off the pitch as a result of an injury picked up in the opening half Maxwell seemed to grow in stature as the game progressed as he led by example. While he was effective in the opening half it was in the second half that he really imposed himself on the game and his contribution went along way towards clinching victory for Drumreilly. A brilliant pass with six minutes to go afforded Francis Holohan the opportunity to point and with time running out he kicked his third excellent point of the half to all but ensure victory.
BORNACOOLA BRING CHAMPIONSHIP TO LIFE
The new format of the Club Championship hasn't a lot of admirers it seems but Bornacoola's stunning 2-11 to 0-13 victory over last year's finalists Glencar/Manorhamilton has brought the championship to incredible life.
Judging from the reactions when this reporter told spectators in Cloone the halftime score, everyone assumed the text had been mixed up, the score the wrong way round. But a fantastic first half display with Damian Moran finally finding a spot where he could make a big impact at full-forward was the foundation for Bornacoola's victory.
The Bors now have games against a doomed looking Dromahair and Drumreilly and they could conceivably qualify for the quarter-finals while Glencar/Manorhamilton may just need to get a result against Drumreilly and St. Mary's.
But more significantly, the result is a welcome boost in the arm for a club campaign that seemed to be following very predictable lines.
ST. MARY'S QUIETLY AND IMPRESSIVELY GOING ABOUT BUSINESS
An admission here - at the start of the year, I had St. Mary's tagged for a relegation dogfight and early League results seemed to suggest that a glorious era going back to 2003 was finally come to an end. How wrong I was!
The Carrick men confirmed their place in the Quarter-Finals with a massive 4-17 to 1-3 demolition of an admittedly poor Dromahair but you can't take away from them the way St. Mary's have gone about their business. And the fact that they're done it without limited inputs from the injured Ray Mulvey and Jonathan Cassidy.
We will see just how far this St. Mary's team can go in the coming weeks with tougher tests against Glencar/Manorhamilton and Annaduff but they have been quietly impressive in how they have gone about their business so far.
RELEGATION BATTLE BECOMING CLEARER
While the new format of two groups of six is designed to keep interests alive for teams for as long as possible it is beginning to look ominous for the three teams who have yet to register a point. In Group 1 Allen Gaels and Gortletteragh will know they cannot afford any more slip ups. The fact that those sides face each other next should make for a fascinating encounter. In Group 2 Dromahair have a lot of work to do having tasted defeat in their three games to date including a very heavy loss at the hands of St Mary's last Saturday. With games against Bornacoola and Annaduff to come they will be hoping they can find a return to form rapidly.
Islamic State claimed responsibility on Monday for a New Year's Day mass shooting in a packed Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, an attack carried out by a lone gunman who remains at large.
The jihadist group made the claim in a statement on one of its Telegram channels, a method it has used to claim attacks in the past. There was no immediate comment from Turkish officials.
“In continuation of the blessed operations that Islamic State is conducting against the protector of the cross, Turkey, a heroic soldier of the caliphate struck one of the most famous nightclubs where the Christians celebrate their apostate holiday,” the statement said.
Nato member Turkey is part of the US-led coalition against Islamic State and launched an incursion into Syria in August to drive the radical Sunni militants from its borders.
The authorities believe the assailant may be from a Central Asian nation and suspect he had links to Islamic State, Turkey's Hurriyet newspaper said. Police distributed a hazy black-and-white photo of the alleged attacker taken from security footage.
The shooting at the Reina nightclub on the shores of Istanbul's Bosphorus waterway shook Turkey as it tries to recover from a failed July coup and a series of deadly bombings in cities including Istanbul and the capital Ankara, some blamed on Islamic State and others claimed by Kurdish militants.
Some people jumped into the Bosphorus to save themselves after the attacker began shooting at random just over an hour into the new year. Witnesses described diving under tables as he walked around spraying bullets from an automatic rifle.
Nationals of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon, Libya, Israel, India, a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen and a Franco-Tunisian woman were among those killed, officials said. Saudi newspaper al-Riyadh said five of the dead were from Saudi Arabia.
Security services had been on alert across Europe for new year celebrations following an attack on a Christmas market in Berlin that killed 12 people. Only days ago, an online message from a pro-Islamic State group called for attacks by “lone wolves” on “celebrations, gatherings and clubs.”
The Armani Exchange Quartz AX2403 Men's Watch is a tough watch; though do not expect G-Shock like toughness. It's not meant to be that way. It is fine till a round of golf; perhaps tennis. Pool, billiards or bowling – those are cool with it. Not Polo. Neither rugby! Or, Soccer.
The Armani Exchange Quartz AX2403 Men's Watch no doubt is a fashion watch with no significant horological innovation planted into it but at the same time, the Armani Exchange Quartz AX2403 Men's Watch is more than just a fashion watch! A normal city life would see it last for a decade, maybe a little more, with the battery properly replaced throughout. At the most, for a couple of times.
The Armani Exchange Quartz AX2403 Men's Watch has no additional time measuring gee-whiz functions to it. This one is for times and places where time-splitting and other complexities are no serious considerations. Dinner tables, family gatherings – even weddings, the Armani Exchange Quartz AX2403 Men's Watch makes for a good choice, the deep gold finish responsible. The Armani Exchange Quartz AX2403 Men's Watch is not specifically designed for harsh or extremely abusive sports and outdoors. It has not been guarded against deliberate abuse. It won't survive high-intensity, repeated shocks and vibrations for long at a stretch. The gold tone resists minor bruises and abrasions well. So does the mineral glass.
The Armani Exchange Quartz AX2403 Men's Watch appears elegant. Clean and professional in its feel, the Armani Exchange Quartz AX2403 Men's Watch also fits in as an everyday wear to the office. It's a good match to business casuals and semi-formals and that is vital towards calling it good. It is chic, modern and backed by some of the leading technologies of the watch domain; a wonderful mix of a simple and casual, sleek look, the Armani Exchange Quartz AX2403 Men's Watch is a reliable timekeeper that's fairly elegant in a masculine way.
The Armani Exchange Rose Gold Men's Watch is a refined version of showy fashion watches and ooze quality in its every aspect. A flawless built, the Armani Exchange Quartz AX2403 Men's Watch, is steeped both in set and stable tradition and contemporary, modern twists.
It's a style that is hot today and will be relevant tomorrow. The Armani Exchange Quartz AX2403 Men's Watch is a cool AX watch to look as cool, hereinafter.
Bottom line: Mens Armani Exchange Watches are a high-fashion label, carrying significant weight among the affordable range of watches. The Armani Exchange Quartz AX2403 Men's Watch is one of its most off-beat ideas taken shape without altering the basics. It's bold, youthful and creates a diverse line of fashion that's durable enough to last for a decade and is rich in the latest technical and technological aspects.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Honda Motor Co Ltd (7267.T) on Friday said it expected China would overtake the United States as its biggest market for cars in the coming years after higher sales in Asia prompted the automaker to raise its full-year profit outlook by 4 percent.
Honda, Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T), Nissan Motor Co (7201.T) and other Japanese automakers currently count the United States as their biggest market. But Honda has experienced explosive growth in China during the past three years, luring consumers with new offerings in the sport-utility vehicle (SUV) segment including its CR-V and Vezel models.
Last year, its China sales jumped 15.5 percent to 1.44 million units, even as overall vehicle market growth slowed to just 3 percent year-on-year, the weakest in at least two decades.
In contrast, sales in the United States, for decades Honda's largest country market, were largely stagnant at 1.64 million vehicles last year, and significant growth is unlikely given that overall vehicle sales in the country are widely expected to retreat after peaking in 2016.
In the third quarter, Asia including China was the only region where Honda saw year-on-year growth in vehicle sales, while sales at home, North America, Europe and other regions fell. Honda expects Asia to overtake North America as its biggest source of annual vehicle sales for the first time this year.
Honda has been ramping up production in China, and Executive Vice President Seiji Kuraishi said that a further, significant rise in capacity would be difficult until it completes a new plant in 2019 through a joint venture with China's Dongfeng Motor Group.
“We're struggling to increase production in China, so it would be difficult to match our sales in the U.S. market at the moment,” Kuraishi told reporters at a briefing.
“But given the current state of the market, it's likely that China will overtake the United States soon.”
Honda plans to launch a compact all-battery electric car in China later this year, and Kuraishi said that the company would also focus on developing car-sharing and other new mobility services for the country.
FORECAST UPGRADE
Expectations for stronger sales growth in Asia prompted Japan's third-biggest automaker to raise its full-year forecast for operating profit to 775 billion yen (£5 billion), while it sees the yen averaging 110 yen versus the U.S. dollar JPY= in the year through March, from 109 yen previously.
While the latest forecast is an upgrade from a previous forecast for 745 billion yen, it still represents a 7.8 percent slide from a year prior, as costs for quality-related issues including recalls, along with investment for research and development offset higher sales and cost reductions.
Profit was 284.5 billion yen in October-December, up 37 percent from a year earlier, and exceeding a mean 281.6 billion yen estimate from 11 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
At least 61 were wounded in the attack on the outskirts of Baghdad, Sadr City district, AFP reported.
A car bomb exploded in the 55 square in a quarter, which is predominantly populated by Shiite Muslims. Many buildings located near the site of the explosion have been damaged.
No group has claimed responsibility for the attack so far.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
[India], May 30 (ANI): The tourism industry in Himachal Pradesh's Shimla has been massively hit as tourists are cancelling their visits to the water-deprived hill-station.
The local hoteliers and others related to the tourism industry are worried as social media is flooded with news about the water crisis, preventing the inflow of tourists into the state.
They are saying that this is the first time they are encountering such trouble.
Shimla Hotelier Association president Harman Kukreja said the hotels here are buying water and sourcing it from outside Shimla, so there is nothing for the tourists to worry about.
He further said nearly 7 to 10 per cent bookings for upcoming days have been canceled, even as the hoteliers have also been assured by the state government over adequate supply of water. Sachin Sachdeva, a tourist from Uttar Pradesh, said, "The Shimla district administration has already postponed the Shimla summer festival due to the water shortage. District administration has also appealed to the tourists not to panic." The protesters demanding water also held a protest in Main Square of Sanjauli where water tanks are located. The local residents alleged that despite the court directions the water is being distributed through tankers. The agitators now have threatened to hold the protest around the residences of ministers if the water supply is not restored. In the wake of the current situation, the Shimla Municipal Corporation is distributing water through tankers to the public under police cover. Nearly 280 policemen have been deployed in the town to keep an eye on the law and order situation during the protests, water supply zones and also to guard water in the capital city of Himachal Pradesh. (ANI)
TEL AVIV — A four-page House Intelligence Committee memo alleging abuse of surveillance authority raises immediate questions about the decision by former FBI Director James Comey to brief Donald Trump and then-President Barack Obama on the contents of the infamous, largely discredited 35-page anti-Trump dossier.
The memo relates that in early January 2017, prior to Trump's inauguration, Comey briefed then President-Elect Trump and Obama on the dossier even though months later Comey would label the dossier as containing “salacious and unverified” material.
Critically, the memo relates that, after dossier author Christopher Steele was terminated months earlier as an FBI source, a “source validation report conducted by an independent unit within FBI assessed Steele's reporting as only minimally corroborated.” Still, Comey saw fit to brief Trump and Obama on the dossier contents.
Comey's dossier briefing to Trump was subsequently leaked to the news media, setting in motion a flurry of news media attention on the dossier, including the release of the document to the public. The briefing also may have provided the veneer of respectability to a document circulated within the news media but widely considered too unverified to publicize.
On January 10, CNN was first to report the leaked information that the controversial contents of the dossier were presented during classified briefings inside classified documents presented one week earlier to Obama and Trump.
The news network cited “multiple US officials with direct knowledge of the briefings” – in other words, officials leaking information about classified briefings – revealing the dossier contents were included in a two-page synopsis that served as an addendum to a larger report on Russia's alleged attempts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election.
The documents were given to the politicians during the briefings delivered by Comey, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, CIA Director John Brennan, and NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers, the officials told CNN.
The network reported the documents state that “Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about Mr. Trump” and contain “allegations that there was a continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government.”
Months later, Brennan made clear in May 2017 testimony that after viewing all of the evidence that was available to him on the Russia probe he is not aware of any collusion between Russia and members of Trump's 2016 presidential campaign.
Just after CNN's January 10 report on Comey's classified briefings about the dossier, meanwhile, BuzzFeed famously published the dossier's full unverified contents.
The New York Times used CNN's story on Comey's briefing to report some contents of the dossier the same day as CNN's January 10 report on the briefings.
After citing the CNN story, the Times reported:
The memos describe sex videos involving prostitutes with Mr. Trump in a 2013 visit to a Moscow hotel. The videos were supposedly prepared as “kompromat,” or compromising material, with the possible goal of blackmailing Mr. Trump in the future. The memos also suggest that Russian officials proposed various lucrative deals, essentially as disguised bribes in order to win influence over Mr. Trump. The memos describe several purported meetings during the 2016 presidential campaign between Trump representatives and Russian officials to discuss matters of mutual interest, including the Russian hacking of the Democratic National Committee and Mrs. Clinton's campaign chairman, John D. Podesta.
Immediately following CNN's article, National Intelligence Director Clapper added fuel to the media fire about the dossier by releasing a statement that he spoke to Trump to express “my profound dismay at the leaks that have been appearing in the press” – referring to the leaks to CNN about the classified briefing. He called the leaks “extremely corrosive and damaging to our national security.”
Clapper's statement generated fresh media coverage of the dossier briefing.
Prior to CNN's report leaking the Comey briefing to Trump, which was picked up by news agencies worldwide, the contents of the dossier had been circulating among news media outlets, but the sensational claims were largely considered too risky to publish.
All that changed when the dossier contents were presented to Obama and Trump during the classified briefings. In other words, Comey's briefings themselves and the subsequent leak to CNN about those briefings by “multiple US officials with direct knowledge,” seem to have given the news media the opening to report on the dossier's existence as well as allude to some of the document's unproven claims.
In an updated version of CNN's report, the network revealed that it had reviewed the 35-page dossier and would not report “on details of the memos, as it has not independently corroborated the specific allegations.”
CNN reported that the classified briefings to Obama and Trump demonstrated the dossier information was “credible enough” to be included in such high-level briefings:
Some of the memos were circulating as far back as last summer. What has changed since then is that US intelligence agencies have now checked out the former British intelligence operative and his vast network throughout Europe and find him and his sources to be credible enough to include some of the information in the presentations to the President and President-elect a few days ago.
When it published the full dossier, BuzzFeed reported that the contents had circulated “for months” and were known to journalists.
The website reported, “The documents have circulated for months and acquired a kind of legendary status among journalists, lawmakers, and intelligence officials who have seen them. Mother Jones writer David Corn referred to the documents in a late October column.”
In his statement following the leaks to CNN about the dossier briefings to Obama and Trump, Clapper also said the dossier contents had been “widely circulated in recent months among the media, members of Congress and Congressional staff even before the IC became aware of it.”
It seems the news media waited for the leak about Comey's dossier briefings first reported by CNN before publicizing on the dossier's existence and some of its contents.
Yet in his testimony, the FBI's Comey claimed the opposite was the case. He claimed that he and other U.S. officials briefed Obama and Trump about the dossier contents because they wanted to alert the president and president-elect that the news media were about to release the material. It is not the usual job of the U.S. intelligence community to brief top officials about pending news media coverage.
In his prepared remarks before the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence on June 8, 2017, Comey detailed why he claimed the Intelligence Community briefed Obama and Trump on the “salacious material” – a clear reference to the dossier.
Comey wrote:
The IC leadership thought it important, for a variety of reasons, to alert the incoming President to the existence of this material, even though it was salacious and unverified. Among those reasons were: (1) we knew the media was about to publicly report the material and we believed the IC should not keep knowledge of the material and its imminent release from the President-Elect; and (2) to the extent there was some effort to compromise an incoming President, we could blunt any such effort with a defensive briefing.
Yet the “unverified” dossier contents, determined to have been only “minimally corroborated” by the FBI, was still presented to Trump and Obama in a briefing subsequently leaked to the news media – a briefing that may have provided the aura of credibility to the largely discredited Russia conspiracy document.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.
Written with research by Joshua Klein.
DUARTE, Calif. -- Through experimental work, an international team of researchers led by City of Hope's Defu Zeng, professor of diabetes immunology and hematopoietic cell transplantation, believe they may have found a way to prevent graft-versus-host disease after stem cell transplants while retaining the transplants' positive effects on fighting leukemia and lymphoma. The preclinical study results were published today in the Journal of Clinical Investigation.
Allogeneic (meaning from a donor) hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT) is a curative therapy for cancers of the blood and lymph system, including leukemia and lymphoma. It works by introducing healthy immune cells, or T cells, that eliminate tumor cells and prevent the cancer from relapsing. Unfortunately, the same donor T cells can also attack the healthy tissue of the recipient's body such as gut, liver, lung, and skin, leading to induction of graft- (T cell) versus-host (recipient's body) disease, or GVHD. Symptoms can be mild to severe and often include mouth ulcers, gastrointestinal distress, and rashes.
"Currently, immunosuppressive drugs have been used to prevent GVHD, but immune-suppressants also subdue the anti-cancer effects of the donor T cells, potentially resulting in cancer relapse, in addition to other side effects such as an increased risk of infection," explains Zeng. "Therefore, prevention of GVHD while preserving anti-cancer effects remains the 'holy grail' of allogenic HCT."
According to the paper, titled "PD-L1 interacts with CD80 to regulate graft-versus-leukemia activity of donor CD8+ T cells," the research team, which included graduate students (first authors Qingxiao Song and Xiong Ni) and scientists from City of Hope, Mayo Clinic, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center and three Chinese medical schools, observed that temporary in vivo depletion of a specific type of donor T cells (CD4+) soon after infusion of donor stem cell transplants prevented GVHD while preserving strong graft-versus-leukemia (GVL) effects.
The depletion of CD4+ cells essentially caused another type of T cell (CD8+) to become exhausted in their quest to destroy normal tissue, but strengthened in their fight against cancer, meaning that the donor CD8+ T cells eliminated tumor cells without causing GVHD.
"If successfully translated into clinical application, this regimen may represent one of the novel approaches that allow strong GVL effects without causing GVHD," says Zeng. "This kind of regimen has the potential to promote wide-spread application of allogenic HCT as a curative therapy for hematological malignancies."
Going forward, Zeng plans to translate this novel regimen into clinical application at City of Hope by carrying out a clinical trial in collaboration with Ryotaro Nakamura, M.D., associate professor of hematology and hematopoietic cell transplantation, and Stephen J. Forman, M.D., F.A.C.P, the Francis & Kathleen McNamara Distinguished Chair in Hematology and Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation and leader of City of Hope's Hematologic Malignancies and Stem Cell Transplantation Institute, which is one of the world's largest and most successful bone marrow and blood stem cell transplant centers.
"If we see promising results, we will extend this trial by working with our collaborators from this current study," says Zeng.
###
At the same time, Zeng is also working with Arthur D. Riggs, Ph.D., the Samuel Rahbar Chair in Diabetes & Drug Discovery, John Williams, Ph.D., professor in the Department of Molecular Medicine, and, David Horne, Ph.D., vice provost and associate director of the Beckman Research Institute of City of Hope, and chair of the Department of Molecular Medicine, to develop a CD4+ deleting antibody, using the unique Meditope technology invented at City of Hope by Williams and colleagues.
The work described in the Journal of Clinical Investigation paper was supported in part by the National Institutes of Health, the National Cancer Institute, the Nesvig Lymphoma Foundation, the National Natural Science Foundation of China, and the National and Fujian Provincial Key Clinical Specialty Discipline Construction Program of China under grant numbers: R01AI066008, 2R56AI095239 and P30CA033572. The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the National Institutes of Health.
About City of Hope
City of Hope is an independent research and treatment center for cancer, diabetes and other life-threatening diseases. Designated as one of only 47 comprehensive cancer centers, the highest recognition bestowed by the National Cancer Institute, City of Hope is also a founding member of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network, with research and treatment protocols that advance care throughout the world. City of Hope is located in Duarte, California, just northeast of Los Angeles, with community clinics throughout Southern California. It is ranked as one of "America's Best Hospitals" in cancer by U.S. News & World Report. Founded in 1913, City of Hope is a pioneer in the fields of bone marrow transplantation, diabetes and numerous breakthrough cancer drugs based on technology developed at the institution.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Royal United Hospital declared a ‘black alert' yesterday as waiting times surged in A&E.
Staff were told in an email on Monday (December 11) that an “internal significant incident” had been declared that morning.
The email, seen by the Bath Chronicle, said the hospital was trying its utmost to “regain flow” in the emergency department (ED), commonly known as A&E.
Francesca Thompson, the hospital's chief operating officer, wrote: “The hospital is experiencing a period of sustained pressure and after a busy weekend in ED we declared an internal significant incident this morning.
“Our priority is to regain flow in ED as soon as possible, and we require your help to create capacity across the hospital.
“We will continue to work with all of our community partners, ensuring a system wide response.
(Image: Artur Lesniak)
“Thank you for your continued support as we work together to provide safe and high quality care during this period of heightened escalation”.
The incident was over by 5pm that day.
A spokesman confirmed that the hospital had put itself in the highest category of operational pressure, which triggers a system-wide response.
Operational Pressures Escalation Level (OPEL) 4 is declared when the local health and social care system is experiencing so much pressure it cannot provide comprehensive care or guarantee patient care and safety.
Operational Pressures Escalation Levels OPEL 1: The local health and social care system can meet the needs of patients.
The local health and social care system can meet the needs of patients. OPEL 2: The system is starting to show signs of pressure. Focused action needed.
The system is starting to show signs of pressure. Focused action needed. OPEL 3: The system is experiencing major pressures. Urgent action needed.
The system is experiencing major pressures. Urgent action needed. OPEL 4: The pressure continues to worsen and the system cannot provide comprehensive care. Increased risk to patient care and safety. Extensive outside support and intervention needed.
OPEL 4 is roughly equivalent to what used to be called a ‘black alert' before NHS trusts began using the new nomenclature last year.
A message on the RUH's website warns patients that the hospital is “very busy”.
The hospital spokesman said: “We have plans in place to help us manage peaks in demand and capacity at any time of the year.
“Patients can be reassured that it is our priority to maintain high standards of care, safety and experience at all times.
(Image: Artur Lesniak)
“To ensure that we can direct resources appropriately at times of sustained pressure (OPEL 4), we may declare an internal significant incident, as was the case on Monday morning.
“This helps staff quickly to focus on actions that will relieve that pressure and help to manage the flow of patients through the hospital.”
The rapid resolution of the incident was “thanks to our staff who work incredibly hard to ensure that patients receive the care they need”, the spokesman said.
Last winter, the RUH spent four weeks in a row in OPEL 3, or ‘red alert' in January.
It has already spent most of September in OPEL 3.
According to the latest available data for the A&E at the RUH, some 88.5 per cent of patients is admitted, transferred or discharged within four hours of their arrival, against a target of 95 per cent, in October.
Some 6,142 people visited the A&E that month.
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SACRAMENTO, Calif. - The Sacramento SPCA is in need of donations after receiving nearly 300 bunnies Friday night.
The 286 rabbits of various ages are part of an ongoing investigation and are not up for adoption, according to KTXL.
Patrol officers with the Folsom Police Department discovered the rabbits at a home on Pine Grove Way while responding to a different call. After looking over a fence and noticing what they thought were 100 rabbits, they radioed Animal Control.
"From there, the Animal Control Officer went over and was able to see that there was much more than the 100 that she believed was there," said detective Donald Rowberry.
The City of Folsom only allows for two rabbits per household.
Authorities say their living conditions were not healthy.
"The main concern was the safety of the rabbits. They were in unsanitary conditions," said Rowberry.
The shelter received multiple breeds, including Angoras, Himalayans, Lionheads and Lops, from Folsom Animal Control.
SSPCA is in need of small litter boxes, small ceramic bowls, Timothy grass/hay, rabbit water bottles, rabbit toys and rabbit cages.
Their wishlist can be found on Amazon and cash donations can be made on the SSPCA website.
Harold Backer made his plea in Victoria on Wednesday; the Crown is seeking a 13-month jail sentence
A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has pleaded guilty to fraud.
Harold Backer changed his plea Wednesday in Victoria provincial court on a single charge of fraud over $5,000.
The three-time Olympian was previously facing two charges of fraud over $5,000 and had pleaded not guilty on both counts.
Backer disappeared on Nov. 3, 2015, when he failed to return home after telling his family he was going out for a bike ride.
RELATED: Missing Olympian turns himself in to Victoria Police
The investment dealer surrendered to police in April 2017 and his whereabouts during that period of time hasn't been explained.
Soon after he disappeared, financial crime investigators began looking into Backer and the company My Financial Backer Corp. after his investors received letters that concerned them.
The 55-year-old was on the Canadian rowing team in the 1984, 1988 and 1992 Olympic Games.
After his disappearance, police in Port Angeles, Wash., said an officer who viewed video from a street security camera noted a man fitting Backer's description was aboard a ferry from Victoria, a 90-minute trip away.
RELATED: Lawsuit seeks restitution from former Olympian
The guilty plea was entered by defence lawyer Joven Narwal on behalf of Backer, a thin, bearded man who was dressed in a grey pinstripe suit.
Crown attorney John Neal told Judge Carmen Rogers he is seeking a 13-month jail sentence and three years of probation for Backer. He also wants a no-contact order for five people who lost money as a result of Backer's fraud.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
A juror in a courtroom has the responsibility to look at the evidence presented to them, and give a verdict based on that evidence. But what transpires when a juror displaces a racial bias perspective on the scales of justice? This happened in a South Carolina courtroom, a trial of a White police officer Michael Slager who shot a Black Man Walker Scoot in the back 3 times and killed him. The life of the police officer was not in danger and the jurors could not convict the police officer. A police video showed the police officer shoot the Black man in the back four times. For five long weeks, 11 White people and one Black person sat deliberating.
South Carolina has no degrees of murder, so if Officer Michael Slager is ever found guilty, he gets 30 years to life in prison. Lets face it, it is a hard thing to ask of a true racist, to send a White man to prison for life for murdering a unarmed Black man. To the racist, he/she looks at this case from a different perspective, to them, the Black man has the same value as a wet ugly rat. So to the racist, the police officer should never/ever get life in prison for shooting a wet ugly rat in the back four time.
So, what happens to the jurors that could not send a White police officer to prison for murdering a Black man? My answer is simple, their names need to be placed in a national bigotry registry so they never serve on a jury again in their lifetime. They should also never serve in a public school, as a police officer, in the arm services, or any public service occupations.
For over a year we all witnessed Donald Trump on the campaign trail, the cross-burner attention getter galvanized enough Americans to win a presidential election. Now we have cross-burning supporters in the courtroom as jurors. What could possibly go wrong when we have bigots in the jury box, each holding the scales of justice. What could go wrong when a juror is a Donald Trump supporter, and uses the color of the skin as evidence of guilty.
If you get twelve jurors together, chances are extremely high at least one of them will be a racist. This means whenever a police officer shoots an unarmed black man in the back 4 times, there will always be a mistrial. For Black people a retrial is way to often the next step in finding justice.
If this system of justice is not changed, nothing will ever change. The only true answer to this atrocity in justice is to have a question on the jury questionnaire that reads; If you are a Donald Trump supporter you are excluded as juror from this trial.
© AFP 2016/ STR Egypt's Court Sentences 148 People to Life Imprisonment Over 2013 Clashes
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Egypt's authorities detained Shalaby on Sunday just after he had resigned from his post on Saturday.
Shalaby killed himself on Sunday soon after the detention within the framework of investigation on corruption activities, the Ahram Online news website reported, citing a source at Egypt's State Security Prosecution.
According to the media outlet, Gamal Laban, yet another high-ranking official of the State Council, responsible for procurement issues, was also detained and charged with taking bribes in December 2016.
VOL. 41 | NO. 49 | Friday, December 08, 2017
NASHVILLE (AP) — A historical marker has been unveiled honoring a pioneering activist for gay and lesbian rights in Tennessee.
Media outlets report the marker was unveiled Saturday during a ceremony outside the former home of Penny Campbell in Nashville.
Campbell was the lead plaintiff in a 1996 state Supreme Court case that decriminalized homosexual acts in Tennessee.
The marker was the first one approved by the Nashville Metro Historical Commission to recognize an LGBT rights activist in the city.
Campbell died in 2014 at age 61.
(3rd UPDATE) The defeated vice presidential candidate says friends and supporters pulled in resources to raise the P36 million
MANILA, Philippines (3rd UPDATE) – Former senator Ferdinand Marcos Jr paid the first installment of the recount fee that the Supreme Court (SC) ordered him to pay so his election protest against Vice President Leni Robredo would proceed.
Marcos went to the SC, sitting as the Presidential Electoral Tribunal (PET), on Monday, April 17 – the deadline for payment of the first tranche of P36 million.
The defeated vice presidential candidate said friends and supporters pulled in resources to raise the P36 million.
The second installment of P30 million should be paid on or before July 14.
"Masyado nang matagal ang isang taon. Mag-iisang taon na mula nung nakaraang halalan, hanggang ngayon hindi pa alam ng taong bayan kung sino ba talaga ang nanalo bilang bise presidente," said Marcos in a brief interview.
(One year is too long a time. It has been almost a year since the last elections and until now, the Filipino people still do not know who was really elected vice president.)
"I hope this compliance we have done [with] the SC order will go a long way of getting the process started," he added.
In a resolution dated March 21, the SC had ordered Marcos and Robredo to pay a combined P81 million for the recount of the contested ballots in the 2016 vice presidential race.
Robredo was ordered to pay P8 million for the first tranche and P7.43 million for the second.
Marcos filed an election protest against Robredo in June 2016, contesting 39,221 clustered precincts which are composed of 132,446 established precincts. Robredo, meanwhile, filed a counter-protest, questioning 8,042 clustered precincts which are composed of 31,278 established precincts.
After the SC ordered both camps to pay the recount fees, Marcos' camp argued that the computation of the fee must be based on the clustered precincts being contested and not the established precincts.
The lawyers of the defeated vice presidential candidate also said that they are only seeking a recount of the ballots in 36,465 out of the 39,221 clustered precincts.
But Marcos' lawyer and spokesperson Vic Rodriguez clarified that they were unable to file a motion for reconsideration last Wednesday, April 12, since the SC was on half-day duty because of Holy Week.
Filing a motion for reconsideration now, however, would appear contradictory to their move on Monday, said Marcos' lead counsel George Garcia.
They will, however, file a motion to dismiss Robredo's counter-protest against Marcos on the basis that the Vice President's camp failed to pay the amount required of them.
Robredo had filed a manifestation last Wednesday, saying Marcos should be first to pay the fee and initiate the opening of ballots from 3 chosen provinces to prove that his protest has sufficient basis.
The Vice President's lawyers also said Marcos should pay P185 million instead of P66 million because his first pleading before the PET sought the protection of election paraphernalia in all 92,509 clustered precincts (369,138 established precincts) used during the May 2016 elections.
But Garcia said on Monday that what the Robredo camp filed was a manifestation questioning the amount due for Marcos and not their own fee, so they still have to pay on the due date. – Rappler.com
Study on Agrochemicals Market by Infinium Global Research is comprehensive presentation of qualitative and quantitative research to identify key trends, growth prospects, drivers, restraints and opportunities in the Global market. The report also deep dives into the sub-segments of Agrochemicals Market by type (fertilizers and pesticides. Similarly, the crop types include cereals & grains, oilseeds & pulses, fruits & vegetables and others), crop type(Cereals & Grains, Oilseeds & Pulses, Fruits & Vegetables and Others) through main geographies in the Global Market such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and RoW. Browse through over 100 tables and figures to get complete view of the global and regional markets of Agrochemicals over the period of 2017 to 2023. This report also provides the existing competitive scenario of some of the key players of the Global Agrochemicals Market which includes company profiling of Agrium Inc., Bayer A.G., I. Du, Pont De Nemours & Company, Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative, MakhteshimAgan Industries Ltd, Mosaic Company, Potash Corp. SAS. Inc., Sumitomo Chemical, BASF S.E., Dow Agrosciences LLC., Israel Chemicals Ltd., K+S AG, Monsanto Company, Nufarm Ltd., SociedadQuimica Y Minera De Chile SA .
Segments Covered:
The report segments the global agrochemicals market by type, crop type and region. The types include fertilizers and pesticides. Similarly, the crop types include cereals & grains, oilseeds & pulses, fruits & vegetables and others. On the basis of crop type the global agrochemicals marke is categorized into Cereals & Grains, Oilseeds & Pulses, Fruits & Vegetables and Others.
Geographic Coverage and Analysis:
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. Asia Pacific is the largest market for agrochemical followed by North America and Europe whereas the per-hectare consumption of Agrochemicals is North America is highest among all regions.
Companies Profiled:
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global maltodextrin market such as, Agrium Inc., Bayer A.G., I. Du, Pont De Nemours & Company, Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative, MakhteshimAgan Industries Ltd, Mosaic Company, Potash Corp. SAS. Inc., Sumitomo Chemical, BASF S.E., Dow Agrosciences LLC., Israel Chemicals Ltd., K+S AG, Monsanto Company, Nufarm Ltd., SociedadQuimica Y Minera De Chile SA
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the demand of agrochemicals globally as well as regionally. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and value chain analysis of agrochemicals. Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2017 to 2023. We also have highlighted future trends in the agrochemicals market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market share of the leading players. Additionally, the analysis highlights rise and fall in the market shares of the key players in the market. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers and distributors of the agrochemicals market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Get Sample copy of this Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/704
Table of Contents:
1. Preface
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Agrochemicals Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.2.4 Challenges
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 IGR – Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5 Competitive Landscape in the Agrochemicals Market
4. Global Agrochemicals Market Analysis, by Type 2017 – 2023
4.1 Fertilizers
4.2 Pesticides
5. Global Agrochemicals Market Analysis, by Crop Type 2017 – 2023
5.1 Cereals & Grains
5.2 Oilseeds & Pulses
5.3 Fruits & Vegetables
5.4 Others
6. Global Agrochemicals Market Analysis, by Region 2017 – 2023
6.1 North America
6.1.1 North America Agrochemicals Market by Type
6.1.2 North America Agrochemicals Market by Application
6.1.3 North America Agrochemicals Market by Country
6.2 Europe
6.2.1 Europe Agrochemicals Market by Type
6.2.2 Europe Agrochemicals Market by Application
6.2.3 Europe Agrochemicals Market by Country
6.3 Asia-Pacific
6.3.1 Asia-Pacific Agrochemicals Market by Type
6.3.2 Asia-Pacific Agrochemicals Market by Application
6.3.3 Asia-Pacific Agrochemicals Market by Country
6.4 Rest of the World (RoW)
6.4.1 RoW Agrochemicals Market by Type
6.4.2 RoW Agrochemicals Market by Application
6.4.3 RoW Agrochemicals Market by Sub-region
7. Company Profiles
7.1 BASF SE
7.2 The DOW Chemicals Company
7.3 E. I. Du Pont De Nemours and Company
7.4 Yara International ASA
7.5 Monsanto Company
7.6 Israel Chemicals Limited
7.7 SociedadQuímica Y Minera S.A.
7.8 The Mosaic Company
7.9 Syngenta AG
7.10 Bayer Cropscience AG
Browse Detailed Description and Company Mentioned in this Report @
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/chemical_material/global_agrochemicals_market
Contact Us
Infinium Global Research,
Website:https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com
Email: sales@infiniumglobalresearch.com
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Neurocrine Biosciences Inc's drug to treat tardive dyskinesia, a side effect of antipsychotic medications characterized by uncontrolled movements of the face and body, the company said.
Shares of the San Diego-based company were up about 18.5 percent to $49.15 after the closing bell on Tuesday.
The drug, Ingrezza, is the first treatment to be approved for the irreversible disorder, which occurs in 5 percent to 8 percent of patients taking antipsychotic drugs. Ingrezza is the company's first commercial product.
Neurocrine said the drug, which is expected to launch in May, will be priced competitively. Last year, it said Ingrezza would be listed at a net price of between $20,000 to $60,000 per year, depending on the required dosage.
Wall Street analysts, on average, forecast annual sales for the drug of around $700 million by 2023, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Ingrezza, or valbenazine, is designed to block a protein found in the brain that helps regulate the amount of dopamine released into nerve cells. Antipsychotic drugs are designed to block dopamine receptors, but in some patients the signal gets amped up and more dopamine is released in a region of the brain that controls movement.
Around 500,000 Americans suffer from tardive dyskinesia, Neurocrine Biosciences Chief Executive Officer Kevin Gorman said in an interview.
He estimated that, at best, around 100,000 of them would be treated with Ingrezza, but a more realistic level would be around 50,000.
Last week, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd's drug to treat chorea associated with Huntington's disease was approved by the FDA.
Teva is expecting the U.S. regulator's decision on the tardive dyskinesia indication by August.
(Reporting by Deena Beasley; editing by Jonathan Oatis, G Crosse)
Russian Elections, Austin Bombings, the Future of Self-Driving Cars
On this episode of "By Any Means Necessary" Eugene Puryear and Sean Blackmon are joined by João Coimbra Sousa, lawyer and member of Brazilian Expats for Democracy and Social Justice, to talk about the murder of Marielle Franco, the mass protests that have resulted from her murder, and the role of state-sanctioned police murders.
In a special second segment "By Any Means Necessary" is joined by Boris Kagarlitsky of the Transnational Institute to talk about the Russian elections that took place over the weekend, the state of the political left in Russia, what Alexei Navalny's next moves will be post-election, the outcome of the Communist Party in the election, and the Western media coverage of Putin's victory.
In the third segment Tommy Meeks, an Alternative Program Community Liaison for Winnebago County in Northern Illinois to talk about Donald Trump's speech on opioids in New Hampshire, Trump's desire to sentence drug dealers with the death penalty, the lack of therapeutic resources in poor communities to end drug addiction and the hold pharmaceutical companies have on US politicians.
Later in the show Brandon Sutton, host of the Discourse Podcast joins the show to talk about former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon's run for Governor of New York, OJ Simpson's critique of Colin Kaepernick, the series of bombings in Austin, Texas, and a self-driving uber car killing an Arizona pedestrian.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
BALTIMORE — Drew Urquhart scored 18 points, Payton Henson and Trae Bell-Haynes added 16 each as hot-shooting Vermont beat UMBC 81-53 in the debut of the Retrievers' new Event Center on Saturday.
The game matched the America East's top two teams but the Catamounts (19-5, 9-0) outscored the Retrievers by 21 points in the second half to win their 12th straight game and 30th consecutive regular-season conference matchup, the longest active such streak in the nation. They also defeated UMBC for the 23rd time in a row.
The Catamounts, who led by seven at halftime, outscored the Retrievers 24-5 over a nearly nine-minute stretch of the second half, including a 14-0 run to lead by 25 with 4:55 to go. Henson scored 14 points in the second half. Vermont finished at 66 per cent shooting.
Jairus Lyles scored 27 points and K.J. Maura 13 for UMBC (16-9, 7-3), which had a sellout crowd of 4,753 — the largest in program history — for its debut in the new $85 million facility. UMBC was 11-0 this season in its former home, the RAC Arena.
Round six at the Red Bull Ring for the FIA Formula 2 Championship saw a turn of the tide as ART Grand Prix‘s George Russell took over as the championship leader, after a very strong weekend from the British driver.
Russell controlled the whole weekend, having been fastest in practice, qualifying and winning the feature race on Saturday. His victory was spent most of the time behind cars who didn't pit under the safety car. His title rival Lando Norris was behind the ART driver but couldn't find his way pass during the race.
Artem Markelov was one of the drivers who stayed out during the safety car and went long on his soft tyres, lasting nearly 37 laps on the tyres before pitting whilst leading. Switching to the supersoft tyres allowed the Russian to push his way through the field whilst his fellow competitors nursed their worn tyres to the finish. Markelov on the last lap pulled off what would be considered one of the overtakes of the season, passing three cars at Turn 3 by going up the inside of Maximilian Günther, Nicholas Latifi and Santino Ferrucci.
Markelov's last lap heroics ended with a final corner overtake on BWT Arden‘s Nirei Fukuzumi for eighth place, earning himself the reverse grid pole for the sprint race on Sunday.
The Russian wasn't the only one passing on the final lap. Charouz Racing System‘s Antonio Fuoco passed MP Motorsport's Roberto Merhi at Turn 4 for the final podium spot, as both drivers clawed their way through the field in the second stage of the race. Fuoco made it four years in a row that he's appeared on the podium within F2 and in the GP3 Series in Austria.
Trident‘s Arjun Maini followed the same strategy as Markelov in the feature race and led for most of the race before stopping earlier than the Russian. But unlike Mareklov, couldn't make a comeback drive through the field to capture some points. The Indian driver finished the feature race in fifteenth place.
Having the feature race win, Russell went on the pursuit in an incredible drive that saw him claim second place in the sprint race, won by Russian Time‘s Markelov. Russell's impressive drive at the beginning of the sprint race saw him climb up to second place before the halfway stage, but couldn't extract enough performance to catch the Russian for victory.
After what has been a struggling season for the Russian and only qualifying eighteenth for the feature race, Markelov's weekend was saved by the safety car in the feature race, which enabled him to mount a charge in the final few laps to push for a decent grid spot for the sprint race. Luckily for Markelov, he had the speed to grab pole by the skin of his teeth passing four cars in one lap.
Carlin Motorsport had a mixed sprint race with Sérgio Sette Câmara grabbing another podium for the British squad, but Norris struggled in the latter stages of the race as his tyres dropped off the cliff and fell down the order. Norris finished the race in eleventh.
Russell's fourth win of the season and second place pushes him up to the lead of the championship, as Carlin Motorsport's Norris could only score in the feature race with a second place.
One big talking relating to the series once again surrounds the new F2 car. After allowing practice starts after practice and qualifying, the series organisers decided it was best for the races for the Red Bull Ring and for Silverstone next weekend to start under a rolling start, to eliminate the threat of stalled cars on the grid. The series decide that due to the triple header, meaning a lack of time for testing and on safety grounds that a rolling start was the safest call.
Whilst the rolling starts did eliminate the drivers bunching up at Turn 1, it did allow some drivers to immediately appose a challenge to the cars in front on the opening lap. Günther and Maini fought with each other within the opening lap of the feature race, whilst Russell made a move on Norris at Turn 1, as he started his charge to the podium.
With Silverstone around the corner, home to Carlin and Arden as well as home races for four drivers, the series is starting to heat up with a change in the championship lead. Can Russell repeat his winning ways again or can Lando Norris mount a comeback and retake the lead of the series in front of the British crowd?
Hundreds of quakes have rattled the Big Island in recent weeks. (Image: USGS)
A 4.5-magnitude quake rattled the Big Island on Wednesday, US Geological Survey officials said.
The tremor, which struck about 10:57 a.m. was not strong enough to generate a tsunami, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said.
The earthquake was located about 4.5 kilometers west-southwest of Volcano at a depth of 1.2 kilometers.
Hundreds of quakes have rattled the Big Island amid Kilauea volcano's ongoing eruptions.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
CA Las Vegas NV Zone Forecast
CA Las Vegas NV Zone Forecast for Tuesday, July 3, 2018
_____
047 FPUS55 KVEF 041011
ZFPVEF
Zone forecasts for the Mojave Desert and Southern Great Basin
National Weather Service Las Vegas NV
311 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
This is an automatically generated product that provides average
values for large geographical areas and may not be representative
of the exact location that you are interested in. For a more site
specific forecast...please visit weather.gov/lasvegas and either
(1) Select a location from the dropdown menu above the map or
(2) Click a location on the map. You can refine your selection by
clicking on the map displayed on the resulting page.
CAZ519-042300-
Eastern Sierra Slopes-
including Aspendell and Whitney Portal
311 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny, breezy. Highs 68 to 78. Winds generally light
becoming south 15 to 25 mph in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows 43 to 53. South winds 15 to 20 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 71 to 81. Winds generally light becoming
south around 15 mph in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 48 to 58. Southwest winds
around 15 mph in the evening becoming light.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs 74 to 84. Winds generally light becoming
south around 15 mph in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Warmer. Lows around 68.
.SATURDAY...Partly sunny with a 20 percent chance of
thunderstorms. Warmer. Highs around 91.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH SUNDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 66 to
71. Highs 89 to 94.
.MONDAY...Sunny. Highs around 91.
.MONDAY NIGHT AND TUESDAY...Partly cloudy. Lows 66 to 71. Highs
88 to 93.
$$
CAZ521-042300-
White Mountains of Inyo County-
including Westgard Pass and Bristlecone Pine
311 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny, windy. Highs 76 to 86. Winds generally light
becoming south 20 to 30 mph in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Clear, breezy. Lows 49 to 59. South winds 15 to
25 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 78 to 88. Southeast winds 15 to 20 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 53 to 63. Southeast winds
around 15 mph in the evening becoming light.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs 83 to 93. Winds generally light becoming
south around 15 mph in the afternoon. Gusts up to 30 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows around 68.
.SATURDAY...Mostly sunny with a 20 percent chance of
thunderstorms. Highs around 95.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Partly cloudy. Lows 67 to 72.
Highs 92 to 97.
$$
CAZ520-042300-
Owens Valley-
including Bishop, Independence, Lone Pine,
and Olancha
311 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...EXCESSIVE HEAT WARNING IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM FRIDAY TO MIDNIGHT
PDT SATURDAY NIGHT...
.TODAY...Sunny, windy. Highs 92 to 95. Southeast winds up to
10 mph increasing to south 20 to 30 mph in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows 61 to 64. South winds 10 to 20 mph
decreasing to less than 10 mph after midnight. Gusts up to
35 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 95 to 98. Southeast winds up to 10 mph
increasing to south 10 to 20 mph in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows around 70. South winds 10 to
15 mph shifting to the northwest after midnight.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs 100 to 103. Winds generally light becoming
south 10 to 15 mph in the afternoon. Gusts up to 30 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows around 78.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs 102 to 105. Lows
76 to 79.
$$
CAZ522-042300-
Death Valley National Park-
including Furnace Creek, Stovepipe Wells,
and Shoshone
311 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...EXCESSIVE HEAT WARNING IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM FRIDAY TO MIDNIGHT
PDT SATURDAY NIGHT...
.TODAY...Sunny, breezy. Highs 86 to 89 in the mountains...113 to
116 at Furnace Creek. South winds 10 to 15 mph increasing to
15 to 25 mph in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows 61 to 64 in the mountains...around 90 at
Furnace Creek. South winds 10 to 15 mph decreasing to less than
10 mph after midnight. Gusts up to 30 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs around 90 in the mountains...115 to
118 at Furnace Creek. South winds up to 10 mph increasing to
10 to 15 mph in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 64 to 67 in the mountains...
91 to 94 at Furnace Creek. South winds up to 10 mph shifting to
the southwest after midnight.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs 94 to 97 in the mountains...122 to 125 at
Furnace Creek. Winds generally light becoming south 10 to 15 mph
in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Warmer. Lows around 75 in the
mountains...around 97 at Furnace Creek.
.SATURDAY THROUGH MONDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Highs 99 to
102 in the mountains...121 to 124 at Furnace Creek. Lows 75 to
78 in the mountains...around 100 at Furnace Creek.
.TUESDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs around 97 in the mountains...
around 118 at Furnace Creek.
$$
CAZ523-042300-
Western Mojave Desert-
including Barstow, Daggett, and Fort Irwin
311 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...EXCESSIVE HEAT WARNING IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM FRIDAY TO MIDNIGHT
PDT SATURDAY NIGHT...
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs around 100. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows 65 to 68. Southwest winds 10 to 20 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 100 to 103. Southwest winds up to
10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 71 to 74. Southwest winds up
to 10 mph.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs 106 to 109. Winds generally light becoming
south up to 10 mph in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT THROUGH MONDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 81 to
84. Highs 109 to 112.
.TUESDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs around 105.
$$
CAZ524-042300-
Eastern Mojave Desert-
including Baker, Mountain Pass,
and Mitchell Caverns
311 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...EXCESSIVE HEAT WARNING IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM FRIDAY TO MIDNIGHT
PDT SATURDAY NIGHT...
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs around 100. South winds up to 10 mph
increasing to 10 to 15 mph in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 69 to 72. South winds 10 to 15 mph
shifting to the west after midnight.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 100 to 103. Southwest winds up to
10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 75 to 78. West winds up to
10 mph.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs 105 to 108. Southeast winds up to 10 mph
shifting to the south in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT THROUGH SATURDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a
20 percent chance of thunderstorms. Lows 84 to 87. Highs 109 to
112.
.SUNDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs around 110.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of
thunderstorms. Lows around 84.
.MONDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs 105 to 108. Lows
82 to 85.
$$
CAZ525-526-042300-
Morongo Basin-Cadiz Basin-
including Morongo Valley, Yucca Valley,
Twentynine Palms, and Vidal Junction
311 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...EXCESSIVE HEAT WARNING IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM FRIDAY TO MIDNIGHT
PDT SATURDAY NIGHT...
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs 103 to 106 in Twentynine Palms...95 to
98 around Yucca Valley. Southeast winds up to 10 mph shifting to
the south in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 75 to 78 in Twentynine Palms...
around 70 around Yucca Valley. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph
shifting to the west after midnight.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs around 110 in Twentynine Palms...100 to
103 around Yucca Valley. Northwest winds up to 10 mph shifting to
the southwest in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 81 to 84 in Twentynine
Palms...74 to 77 around Yucca Valley. West winds up to 10 mph
shifting to the northwest after midnight.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 111 to 114 in Twentynine Palms...
106 to 109 around Yucca Valley. North winds up to 10 mph shifting
to the southeast in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of
thunderstorms. Lows around 89 in Twentynine Palms...around
83 around Yucca Valley.
.SATURDAY THROUGH SUNDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs 109 to 112 in
Twentynine Palms...105 to 108 around Yucca Valley. Lows around
90 in Twentynine Palms...80 to 83 around Yucca Valley.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of
thunderstorms. Lows around 87 in Twentynine Palms...around
81 around Yucca Valley.
.MONDAY AND MONDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Highs around 110 in
Twentynine Palms...102 to 105 around Yucca Valley. Lows 86 to
89 in Twentynine Palms...around 80 around Yucca Valley.
.TUESDAY...Partly sunny. Highs around 107 in Twentynine Palms...
around 102 around Yucca Valley.
$$
weather.gov/lasvegas
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
The Democratic National Committee (DNC) sued the Trump campaign, WikiLeaks and Russia on Monday. Now, Republican political operative Roger Stone is planning to do what he has always done: capitalize on the fallout.
"The DNC lawsuit opens the door of discovery. My lawyers and I want to examine the DNC servers to settle this bogus claim of Russian hacking once and for all," Stone told The Daily Caller Monday.
© Sputnik / Roger Stone Explains Why Congress is Scared to Release His Russiagate Testimony
Stone's lawyers sent a letter to the DNC informing them that they "intend to test the basic underlying claims that ‘Russians' hacked, stole and disseminated DNC data, rather than the various other plausible scenarios, including internal theft," he told the outlet.
More than a year since the breach, the FBI still has not been granted access to the DNC's servers. Instead, the US intelligence community has relied on the word of CrowdStrike, a private contractor with a past of rushed allegations against Russia that were later proven false.
Stone has been accused of conspiring with the hacker Guccifer 2.0 and WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, among others, to get the DNC's internal communications to the public. Stone has at times fueled those claims, by saying he contacted Guccifer 2.0 on Twitter, for example, but has a history of telling tall tales that overestimate his involvement in major political showdowns. He told The Daily Caller on Monday that the DNC's allegations against him over the alleged conspiracy are a "fairy tale, a hoax and a canard."
BICKNELL, Ind. (WTHI)- It has been a long emotional week for the city of Bicknell. It started Monday when First Lieutenant Clayton Cullen was brought home from California.
Scroll for more content...
Since then the Knox County community has paid their respects to the fallen soldier. That included today where everyone gave him one last goodbye.
Cars lined the parking lot of North Knox High School for First Lieutenant Cullen's funeral. Friends, family and fellow service members were there for his final send-off.
They were not alone though. Just like the Knox County community has done all week everyone came out to show their support from the school to the cemetery. Including Bobby Tester who wanted to pay his respects.
"Being in the military doing what he did is from what I understand was a dream of his and of course his mother and father were extremely proud as was the whole community," said Tester.
Firetrucks from all over lined Main Street to pay their respects to Cullen. The city fire department also draped an American flag over the street.
The Indiana Patriot Guard who followed behind the family was happy to see this local support. Rick Williams is a member of the guard who says seeing this support is heartwarming.
"I've done over 40 active duty and KIA funerals and in small towns, this is what you see time and time again,” said Williams.
Cullen made his last stop in the Bicknell Memorial Cemetery. Loved ones of this army helicopter pilot filled the cemetery for one last salute and goodbye.
A final send-off for First Lieutenant Clayton Cullen of Bicknell. A man who gave his life to protect ours.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – Frants Klintsevich, first deputy chairman of the Russian upper house's Committee on Defense and Security, believes that the 2018 US Nuclear Posture Review (NPR) allows for another mass murder of civilians with the use of nuclear weapons similar to the atomic bombings of Japan's Hiroshima and Nagasaki by the United States in 1945.
"The whole world remembers Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The US nuclear doctrine does not taboo the repetition of such things, and this is the most concerning thing," Klintsevich said in a statement on Saturday, as quoted by his press service.
The recently issued Nuclear Posture Review significantly boosts the confrontation aspect of the US foreign policy, basing its policies not on cooperation with Russia in this area, but on the rivalry with Moscow, the lawmaker pointed out.
By endorsing this nuclear doctrine, including multiple "ideological injections," the United States stakes on undermining global strategic balance for its own benefit, at the same time trying to depict Russia as the main reason for modernizing US nuclear forces, Klintsevich added.
The lawmaker noted that the United States had halted the strategic dialogue on nuclear risks with Russia using the Crimea referendum as a pretext, and had switched subsequently to groundless accusations against Moscow, as well as violations of various agreements.
The new US Nuclear Posture Review has become Washington's reaction to the changing global environments, Klintsevich suggested. The situation on the Korean peninsula has shown that the United States cannot feel its full dominance even in the conflict with Pyongyang, the lawmaker pointed out.
The 2018 US Nuclear Posture Review also envisages short-term plans to modify existing submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) warheads to provide a low-yield option pursue a modern nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile (SLCM) in the long run.
READ MORE: Russia Can React Swiftly to US Nuclear Arms' Deployment in E Europe — Lawmaker
Oleg Morozov, a member of the Russian upper house's International Affairs Committee, called the US nuclear doctrine "demagogic" as on the one hand, the United States demonstrated peacefulness while accusing Russia of preparing for a nuclear strike, on the other hand.
© AP Photo/ Rick Bowmer US to Equip Future F-35 Fighters with Nuke Capabilities - Nuclear Posture Review
Morozov also called the US Nuclear Posture Review a declaration of "a new round of the Cold War."
The atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki by the United States during the final stage of World War II remains the only use of nuclear weapons for warfare in history. The bombings left over 100,000 people killed and thousands of others injured.
After the end of the Cold War, the United States has seen a decrease in its weapons arsenal, particularly, due to the New START nuclear arms reduction treaty between Washington and Moscow. US President Donald Trump, however, has repeatedly vowed to build up the US nuclear arsenal.
ALMATY (Kazakhstan), (Sputnik) — The fresh round of consultations on Syria peace process in Astana is slated to start on February 16. The talks in Astana have been originally scheduled for February 15-16 in behind-closed-doors format followed by a joint news conference with participation of representatives from attending delegations.
"The State Department received the Government of Kazakhstan's invitation to participate as an observer in the Astana Process talks on Syria this week. The U.S. Embassy in Astana will represent the United States at the talks. The United States remains committed to a political resolution to the Syrian crisis," Wren Elhai said.
Delegations from Russia, Iran, Syrian government and invited UN officials have already arrived in Astana.
The first round of Astana talks on Syrian crisis settlement brought together the representatives of the Syrian government and the armed opposition groups for the first time in the six years of the Syrian war. As a result of the talks, Russia, Iran and Turkey agreed to establish a trilateral mechanism to monitor the ceasefire that came into effect on December 30, 2016.
BEIJING/SEOUL, April 13 Isolated North Korea doesn't consume much oil, but curbing or cutting off its supplies in retaliation for further nuclear or long-range missile tests would be painful and potentially destabilising to the regime of Kim Jong-un.
U.S. officials have told Reuters that an oil embargo is among tougher sanctions Washington could pursue to counter North Korea's nuclear and missile programs
Separately, the Global Times, an influential Chinese tabloid whose stance does not necessarily reflect official policy, said in an editorial on Wednesday that "Chinese society" would approve of "severe restrictive measures that have never been seen before, such as restricting oil imports to the North," if Pyongyang engages in further provocative activity.
China, which supplies most of North Korea's crude, no longer reports its oil shipments to the country, but according to South Korean data supplies it with roughly 500,000 tonnes of crude oil annually. It also exports over 200,000 tonnes of oil products, according to U.N. data.
Analysts said the impact of a full oil embargo on Pyongyang would be so damaging that China, which opposes any measures that could fuel instability in North Korea, would be unlikely to take that step or agree to such a measure in the United Nations Security Council, where it has a veto as a permanent member.
"If China cuts off oil supply, North Korea would not survive on its own for three months and everything in North Korea would be paralysed," said Cho Bong-hyun, who heads research on North Korea's economy at IBK Bank in Seoul.
"This could increase the possibility of North Korea's collapse and have an adverse impact on China as well. China would rather consider reducing crude oil supply," he said.
North Korea has virtually no domestic oil production, and has traditionally imported the little demand it has for fuel at its refineries from China and, to a lesser extent, Russia.
North Korea has two refineries: the Ponghwa Chemical Factory sits on the river border with Dandong in China, while the Sungri refinery is located on the Tumen River bordering Russia.
Much of North Korea's energy is supplied by abundant domestic coal, but oil is used by the military as well as in transport and agriculture.
"Cutting off all oil for an extended period of time, perhaps indefinitely, is probably the toughest economic punishment that China could impose on North Korea. It is highly unlikely that China would take such a step," said Bonnie Glaser of the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington.
"It is possible that it might reduce the flow, stop oil deliveries for a week or two, but not cut it off entirely."
In 2003, China's oil pipeline to North Korea shut down for three days after a missile launch, adding to pressure on Pyongyang to draw back from nuclear brinkmanship. Chinese officials said then it was a mechanical breakdown, but some experts said it was deliberate.
CREDIBLE SIGNAL
Data from Seoul's Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency (KOTRA) shows North Korea imported 525,000 tonnes of crude oil from China in 2015, up 5 percent from a year earlier.
United Nations data shows China also exported 218,087 tonnes of refined oil products to North Korea in 2015, about six times what Russia sent.
"The objective of a statement like this is not to follow through; the objective is to send a credible signal that would make the North Korean leadership think twice," Stephan Haggard, an expert on the North Korean economy at the University of California, San Diego, said of the Global Times editorial.
"It is all about shifting North Korea into a mode where negotiations would resume," he said. (Additional reporting by Ju-Min Park in SEOUL and John Ruwitch in SHANGHAI; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
BRIEF-Welltend Technology to pay 2016 dividend on July 27
* Says it will pay dividend for 2016 to shareholders on July 27
ANN ARBOR -- While some research suggests that midlife is a dissatisfying time for women, other studies show that women report feeling less stressed and enjoy a higher quality of life during this period.
So, which is it? A recent University of Michigan study by Elizabeth Hedgeman, a doctoral graduate of the U-M School of Public Health, and colleagues found that perceived stress--a measure of confidence, control and ability to cope with life's stressors--did indeed decrease for most women over a 15-year span.
The study also found that menopausal status wasn't a factor, which challenges the notion that menopause is associated with higher stress and depression.
The results come from data collected from more than 3,000 women who were recruited between the ages of 42-53 for the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation.
Hedgeman's goal was to assess the effects of age, menopausal status and sociodemographics on stress over time. She did the work while in the lab of Sioban Harlow, professor of epidemiology at the U-M School of Public Health.
By the end of the study period, the mean age was 62 and stress declined with age across nearly all sociodemographic categories. Compared to similar black, white and Chinese women, stress decreased in a more attenuated fashion for Japanese women. After adjusting for other sociodemographic variables, race and ethnicity was a significant predictor of increased stress only for Japanese women.
Women with less education and increased financial hardship consistently reported higher levels of stress compared to their peers, but this difference diminished over time.
"The results suggested that even women with less education or more financial hardship reported less perceived stress over the midlife," Hedgeman said. "And then there's menopause.
"Our perception of stress decreased even through the menopausal transition, which suggests that menopause isn't a great bugaboo, perhaps in relation to the other events or experiences that we're having in the midlife."
Education, employment and financial hardship were stronger predictors of perceived stress over midlife than the menopause transition, and this may suggest that women experience the menopausal transition as a series of acute stressors (hot flashes, sleep disturbances) that can be muted by chronic, socioeconomic-based life stressors.
The only groups that reported increased perceived stress over the study were Hispanic and white women from New Jersey, but Hedgeman said these are outlier results that needed to be replicated. Additionally, there were extenuating circumstances at the New Jersey site that may have contributed.
Despite reporting decreased levels of stress throughout life, women who reported higher stress at the start of midlife continued to report higher stress levels than their peers as they aged. This is important because stress is a known health risk.
The study did not specifically examine the reasons for this decrease in perceived stress, but Hedgeman said that there could be both circumstantial and neurological causes--children have moved out, professional goals are being met, or women might have hit a sweet spot before the next life challenges arise, such as chronic health conditions or aging parents.
Existing research also suggests that aging helps us regulate our emotions. "Perhaps things just don't bother us as much as we age, whether due to emotional experience or neurochemical changes. It's all worth exploring," Hedgeman said. Overall, the findings are good news for women transitioning through midlife, she said.
"The neat thing is that for most of us, our perception of stress decreases as we age through the midlife--perhaps life itself is becoming less stressful, or maybe we're finally feeling at the top of our game, or maybe things just don't bother us the way they did," Hedgeman said. "But whatever the root reason, we're reporting less perceived stress as we age through the midlife and menopause."
The primary limitation of the study was the inability to understand perceived stress among women reporting the highest levels over time. Also, a disruption of operations at the New Jersey site, limited the number of visits to five, not 13 as with the other sites. Also, New Jersey was the only site that recruited Hispanic women.
###
Co-authors include: Rebecca Hasson, assistant professor of kinesiology and nutritional sciences; Carrie Karvonen-Gutierrez, assistant professor of epidemiology; and William Herman, professor of internal medicine and epidemiology.
ATLANTA — A section of westbound Interstate 20 in Atlanta is closed after a section of the roadway bulged up from the ground and launched a motorcycle rider into the air Monday afternoon.
The DeKalb County Police initially said an underground gas leak caused the “defect” in the roadway in the southeast part of the city.
Fire officials later said crews were pumping concrete into old, abandoned gas lines under the freeway and there was some sort of malfunction that caused a build-up of air pressure. The air pressure eventually caused the ground under the roadway to surge upward.
HOV lane I20 WB buckled between Flat Shoals & Gresham. DOT on scene assessing damage. Avoid area pic.twitter.com/gLkv4eRzSB — DeKalb County Police (@DeKalbCountyPD) April 17, 2017
Officials with the DeKalb County Fire Rescue confirmed that the driver of a motorcycle hit the huge bump and was launched into the air. Officials say the motorcycle came to a stop about 200 feet from the bulge in the highway.
The motorcycle rider was hospitalized in critical condition after the crash, fire officials said.
DCFR & DOT units are onscene of a large buckle in the HOV lane @ I20 WB & Gresham Rd. https://t.co/9w72GFEB4F — DCFR Public Affairs (@DCFRpubaffairs) April 17, 2017
Officials said the buckled highway is causing a traffic “nightmare” for westbound travelers.
Just last month, Atlanta had another big problem on a different freeway.
A massive fire caused a section of Interstate 85 to collapse.
Crews said that section of highway would be closed for months during repairs.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
On Friday's broadcast of the Fox News Channel's “Outnumbered Overtime,” FNC anchor Chris Wallace stated that the House GOP Intel Committee memo has parts “that are damaging to the FBI and to the Trump investigation, raise questions about it” but that the investigation into the president can still be legitimate.
Wallace said, “I think there are some parts of it that are damaging to the FBI and to the Trump investigation, raise questions about it. And there are some aspects of it that are striking to me, in terms of what it leaves out, what it omits. One other point that I think is important to make right at the start, is that you heard from Adam Schiff and some of the Congressional Democrats how damaging this memo was to national security, that basically, it gave up sources and methods. There's none of that in here.”
He later added, “Certainly, the use of the dossier seems to have been improper. But we don't know how big a role that played in the FISA warrant. … [T]he idea that the only evidence in the FISA warrant was the dossier seems highly unlikely. There's another point I think is being overlooked here. Carter Page was not just some innocent babe in the woods who was being attacked by FBI. In 2013, this hasn't been mentioned at all, in 2013, Russian intelligence agents tried to recruit Carter Page as an agent for the Russians in this country. In 2014, Carter Page — this was years before Donald Trump ran for president, Carter Page was the subject of a separate FISA warrant.”
Wallace further stated, “You know, two things can be true at the same time, that there's a legitimate investigation of the president and that the FISA warrant on Carter Page was improperly obtained. Remember, the Trump investigation didn't start with the Carter Page warrant in October of 2016. It started after George Papadopoulos, who was another foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump, had talked to an Australian ambassador — a diplomat, and that started in July of 2016, months before the Carter Page warrant was ever obtained.”
Wallace also said the memo “seems very narrowly written to make the worst case on one specific thing. It may well be completely accurate.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
On the surface, there is nothing remarkable about this sleepy fishing port in Maputo.
Scroll for more content...
But hidden from view, wedged between the other boats and ships docked there, are the rusty Susan 1 and Susan 2. These are not ordinary fishing vessels, but sanctions-busting trawlers manned by crews from North Korea.
Pyongyang's interest in a couple of aging African trawlers may seem odd at first. But fishing is big business in Mozambique -- it's one of the country's most lucrative industries. North Korea wants a slice of that much-needed cash, and boats are easy to move and conceal.
Joint fishing ventures are just one area of illicit trade the two countries are engaged in. In a months-long investigation, CNN uncovered a secret web of front companies, military cooperation and elite-forces training deals between North Korea and Mozambique, all in violation of international sanctions, according to United Nations investigators.
Documents reviewed by CNN show that the cooperation is sealed with illegal contracts worth millions of dollars. The money is funneled through regionally based North Korean diplomats to Pyongyang, some 7,500 miles away.
US officials have long maintained that the money from ventures like this goes straight into North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's notorious nuclear slush fund, known as Office 39.
With crippling sanctions squeezing the pariah state, Kim needs hard currency to further develop his nuclear and ballistic missile programs.
The Trump administration wants to stop the money flowing. Tougher UN and US sanctions, sustained pressure on China and executive orders are all part of Washington's playbook to squeeze North Korea.
The plan, so far, doesn't appear to be working.
North Korea earned nearly $200 million by exporting coal and other banned commodities between January and September 2017 in violation of UN sanctions, according to an unpublished UN report.
The report, sections of which have been obtained by CNN, found that North Korea "is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries and the international banking system."
The report is still confidential and has been sent to the UN Security Council sanctions committee on North Korea.
Radars and rangers
CNN gained access to official communications between the Mozambican military leadership and North Korean representatives. In 2015, Mozambican officials invited North Korean military technicians to the country, the documents show.
North Korea is severely restricted from bringing hard cash into its coffers, and longstanding sanctions make military profits nearly impossible for the country. Other tough financial sanctions severely restrict its transactions with other nations.
The UN revealed its investigation into military links between Mozambique and North Korea in a 2017 report, but cooperation between the two countries is more substantial than earlier thought.
Two Mozambican military sources told CNN North Koreans have been training elite forces at a base in Maputo for at least two years.
That comes with a price tag.
Hugh Griffiths, chief investigator of the UN Panel of Experts, listed a number of military activities between the countries, all of which have been banned under sanctions since 2006.
"Air missiles, manned portable surface-to-air missiles, military radar, air defense systems, the refurbishment of tanks -- it's a long list," he said.
The UN panel produces biannual reports naming and shame alleged sanctions violators. They have previously reported alleged North Korean military links to Mozambique worth at least $6 million. A shady front company called Haegeumgang was used to run the operation.
The report states that North Koreans have bolstered Mozambique's Soviet-era technology and capabilities, used in a long-running and intermittent armed conflict with rebel forces in the northern half of the country.
Officials at Mozambique's ministry of defense declined to be interviewed on camera and didn't respond to specific queries on military ties.
Griffiths said it was vital to cut these revenue streams.
"The foreign currency generated and the revenues generated from all of this conventional military activity can be used to fund the DPRK -- that's North Korea's -- prohibited nuclear and ballistic missile programs," he said.
The North Korean embassy in South Africa could not be reached for comment.
A house on Mao Tse-tung Ave
Through the correspondence between Mozambican military officials and North Korean representatives, CNN also discovered a two-story building in downtown Maputo where Haegeumgang had set up shop. The peach-colored house sits on Mao Tse-tung Avenue.
A rental agent for the now-abandoned house was hanging around outside on a recent morning, waiting to show it to new clients.
"There were some Asians living and working here. They left three or four months ago," he said, adding that they left because they couldn't afford the rent.
Nobody knows where they went.
A report from a UN panel of experts from September 2017 alleges that Haegeumgang was instrumental in providing the military support to Mozambique.
As North Korea's biggest trading partner, China is often singled out by US President Donald Trump for not severing ties. But UN and US investigators are taking a much closer look at African countries' relationship to North Korea, investigating at least 11 different nations.
Many African liberation movements had ties and support from the North Korean regime before independence and through the Cold War, though the extent of the connections has been questioned by some.
Mozambique is no different. Every day around Maputo's main traffic circle, yellow-and-green taxis skirt a North Korean-made bronze statue of Samora Machel, Mozambique's founding president. One hand points to the sky, the other is hitched to a military belt.
The statue, unveiled in 2011, bears only a passing resemblance to the man. The UN Security Council passed sanctions targeting Pyongyang's statue-making business in late 2016.
Just a couple of miles away, a leafy road in the city still bears the name Kim Il Sung Avenue, after North Korea's founding dictator.
Mozambique faces the difficult choice between lucrative North Korean contracts and keeping the US and UN happy. Mozambique is one of the world's poorest countries and received more than half a billion dollars from US agencies in 2016 alone.
"I think we have every reason to believe that our relationship with the United States is great," said Alvaro O'da Silva, a director at Mozambique's foreign ministry.
O'da Silva says that the North Koreans still in Mozambique are legitimately engaged in "social and technical" fields, saying they are not breaking UN sanctions.
"At this moment, we are implementing all the sanctions that were declared by the United Nations against North Korea," he said. He later backtracked, saying he didn't have "detailed information" about sanctions.
But based on CNN's investigations, the evidence of sanctions violations is clear. And North Korea's attempts to keep funding flowing are always shifting in new directions, said Griffiths, the UN investigator.
Shipping records show the Susan 1 used to be registered under a North Korean flag. Now it flies the flag of Namibia -- another country implicated in sanctions-busting trade, a recent CNN report found.
The Namibian government did not respond to CNN's queries regarding the re-flagged trawler.
But the North Korean fishermen are still there in their boats. In the evenings, they sometimes wander into town to shop, unfazed by the geopolitical implications of their stay.
Oracle has made available updated installation media for Oracle Linux 7 for ARM64.With Oracle's Unbreakable Enterprise Kernel 5 they are using the Linux 4.14 LTS base and that includes for this 64-bit ARM support too. Oracle has made available Oracle Linux 7 for 64-bit ARM with an "Unbreakable Enterprise Kernel 5" based on the upstream Linux 4.14.26 kernel.Currently Oracle's ARM Linux support officially just covers Ampere Computing and Cavium ThunderX systems but they are also working on updating their Raspberry Pi 3 image too.Those interested in more information can find additional details via this Oracle blog post
A knife-wielding thief targeted a town centre shop last Tuesday (August 8).
The male entered the Beehive Newsagents on Castletown Road at approximately 7pm on the stated date, threatening staff and demanding cash.
The culprit subsequently fled the scene after the building's security system alerted Gardaí.
He made off in the direction of Philip Street.
Anyone with information on this or other incidents should contact the Gardaí on (042) 938 8400.
Cancer patients and their families will benefit from a new family room in Dublin's Mater Hospital thanks to the James Gill Memorial Fund.
James, the son of Drumsna's Declan Gill and his wife Geraldine and grandson of PJ and Mary Gill of Coolcreeve, Drumsna, lost his battle with a rare liver cancer on May 18, 2013.
But the 20-year-old's wish to have a more friendly space for young patients and families in hospitals has come true.
James Gill with his parents Geraldine and Declan
James suffered from a rare form of liver cancer - Fibromellar Hepatocellular Carcinoma - which affects only 200 new patients across the world every year.
During his illness James' family and friends set out to raise €80,000 to assist in his treatment in the US as the HSE had turned him down for funding. There were a number of fundraisers held in the Drumsna area.
When James' treatment became available in America more than €60,000 had been raised to cover it, but sadly he became extremely weak and passed away before he could access the treatment.
The money funded a chill out room in Dublin's St Vincent's Hospital equipped with Smart TVs, money also went to the North West Hospice for state of the art sofa beds and a bladder scanner.
And just last month a new family room opened in his name at the Mater Hospital. The room in Our Lady's Ward provides a private space for the families of terminally ill patients and features kitchen and sleeping facilities, comfortable, furnishings and colourful artwork.
Commenting at the launch, the Gill family described it as a “proud day” and said the facility would provide some much-needed comfort and dignity to families coping with grave illness. allowing patients to just watch TV, read a book or call family and friends in peace.
Also read: The memory of James Gill lives on.
Donation made in memory of James Gill
"You're a bad boy!" an Auckland man at the centre of New Zealand's first insider trading trial texted his former workmate after a confidential tip-off, a court has heard.
Hamish Marc Sansom faces a charge of insider conduct under the Financial Markets Conduct Act and is on trial before a jury and Justice Anne Hinton in the High Court at Auckland.
It is the first criminal trial in New Zealand's history for insider trading.
The Financial Markets Authority (FMA) alleges Sansom, who had been working for Eroad, a transport logistics and technology firm, sold 15,000 shares in the company after a former colleague gave him confidential US sales information in 2015.
Advertisement
Eroad is a publicly listed New Zealand company and also operates in Australia and the United States.
Sansom had been on Eroad's executive management team after a lengthy career at Vodafone - where he again works - and was responsible for a team that included insights and analytics manager Jeffrey Peter Honey.
Sansom hired Honey after the pair came to know each other while working at Vodafone, the court heard.
Transport logistics company Eroad was listed on the main NZX board in August 2014. Photo / Supplied
The FMA alleges Sansom acted on the "secret information" from his old workmate when selling his shares.
FMA prosecutor Nick Williams told the court today that Sansom did so to avoid a personal financial loss.
The information from Honey came in the form of a text message and executive sales summary after Honey learned of Eroad's poor US sales, as the company pushed into the North American market.
The September 22, 2015 message read: "US sales not doing [too well], time to sell up? Confidential obviously."
"You're a bad boy, but thanks!" Sansom replied.
But, a minute later Sansom also texted Honey: "Was going to sell down significantly anyway."
On September 24, 2015, Sansom sold 15,000 Eroad shares at $3.41 each.
Four days passed before news of Eroad's US sales setback went public and its share price tumbled.
"The market reacted badly," Williams said.
The announcement resulted in the biggest daily and weekly fall in Eroad's trading history, since its initial public offering in August 2014.
By October 2, 2015, its shares were trading at $2.60 each.
Williams said Sansom had moved the Eroad shares out of his family trust and into his own name before selling them online.
"He had insider information and was prohibited from selling," Williams told the jury, "material information that wasn't generally known and that is a criminal offence."
Honey has also been prosecuted.
The trial is expected to last eight days.
Washington (CNN)The head of US Special Operations Command said Tuesday that the US government is in "unbelievable turmoil," a situation that he suggested could undermine US efforts to fight adversaries such as ISIS.
"Our government continues to be in unbelievable turmoil. I hope they sort it out soon because we're a nation at war," Army Gen. Raymond "Tony" Thomas told a symposium in Maryland.
While it wasn't exactly clear what Thomas was referring to, his remarks come less than 24 hours after retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn was forced to step down as national security adviser, becoming by far the shortest tenured adviser in history.
The CEO of Barnes & Noble has been fired for unspecified violations of company policy.
CEO Demos Parneros will not be paid severance and will be removed from the board immediately, the bookstore chain said late Tuesday. Barnes & Noble said the board was advised by a law firm in deciding to fire Parneros.
The company did not announce a reason for the firing. It said only that the CEO was not let go because of any disagreement about “financial reporting, policies or practices or any potential fraud relating thereto.”
Related: 5 things Barnes & Noble can do to save itself
The company also reaffirmed its profit guidance for the current fiscal year. A spokesperson had no further comment.
Barnes & Noble said it would begin looking for a new CEO. In the meantime, a leadership group, including the chief financial officer, will handle the CEO's duties.
Related: CEO of LaCroix maker sued for unwanted touching
Parneros, 56, joined the company as chief operating officer in late 2016 after a career at Staples, the office supply chain. He was named CEO in April 2017.
Barnes & Noble operates 630 stores in the United States and has 23,000 employees. It was one of the first traditional retailers to be hurt by the growth of Amazon. Sales have declined each of the last five years, and the company has lost money in three of those years.
FILE PHOTO: Britain Golf - British Masters - The Grove, Hertfordshire - 15/10/16Austria's Bernd Wiesberger in action during the third roundAction Images via Reuters / Paul ChildsLivepic
Austrian Bernd Wiesberger survived Tommy Fleetwood's spectacular late assault and pipped the Englishman in a dramatic playoff to win the Shenzhen International on Sunday.
Wiesberger, who started with a three-stroke lead over the field, shot a one-under par 71 to aggregate 16-under and join Fleetwood who came up with the lowest round of the week, carding seven birdies and an eagle for a spotless 63.
"Tommy has had a great day today and I'm just grateful to make that one shot when I needed to," Wiesberger said after lifting his fourth European title.
"I just wanted to get off to a good start and show them that I'm up for it and I did, scrapped around a little bit, had a couple of near misses with good looks at it early on.
"It could have gotten to me but I stayed calm, played on decently," said Wiesberger who displayed nerves of steel to save par on the 17th hole after landing in the water.
He took a gamble with his line on the 18th and narrowly avoided ending up in the water a second time, before making a good approach shot to allow him to two-putt his way to par and force the playoff.
The 31-year-old teed off on the same line over the water in the playoff on the 18th hole and played a stunning second shot to end up five feet from the hole, while Fleetwood took the safer option of playing onto the fairway and finished with a par.
Wiesberger kept his cool to roll in the clutch putt for a birdie to seal victory as rain poured down at the Genzon Golf Club.
Ross Fisher looked on course for a spot in the playoff going into the final hole, but a bogey on the 18th saw the Englishman finish tied in third place with France's Gregory Bourdy.
South Africa's George Coetzee also shared the lead after birdies on the 16th and 17th but twice he found water to finish in 11th place.
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
The University of Arizona has been ordered to surrender emails by two UA scientists that a group claims will help prove that theories about human-caused climate change are false and part of a conspiracy.
Pima County Superior Court Judge James Marner rejected arguments by attorneys for the Board of Regents that disclosure of the documents would be “contrary to the best interests of the state.”
Marner said it may be true that some of the documents sought by Energy & Environment Legal Institute might be classified as unpublished research, manuscripts, preliminary analyses, drafts of scientific papers and plans for future research.
But the judge said the subject matter of the documents has become available to the general public. And that Marner said, does not allow the university to withhold disclosure under a separate section of the law governing university records.
There was no immediate response from the university.
The ruling is actually a turnabout for Marner who had previously ruled that some emails were properly withheld because they contained things like confidential information or attorney work product. And he said at the time that the university did not act arbitrarily or capriciously in witholding other documents, including unpublished data, research, drafts and commentary.
But last year the state Court of Appeals told Marner to take another look.
Appellate Judge Joseph Howard, writing for the unanimous court, said it's legally irrelevant what university officials thought was appropriate to disclose.
He said everyone involved in the case acknowledges that the emails from Malcolm Hughes, who is still with the UA, and Jonathan Overpeck who left earlier this year, are public records. And Howard said state law carries a presumption that all public records are subject to disclosure, with certain exceptions.
That, Howard said, required Marner to actually examine the records to determine whether making them public would harm “the best interests of the state,” as the university has claimed.
Craig Richardson, president of E & E, said the request all relates to so-called “hockey stick” research. It drew its name from graphs that climate scientists say show a long-term decline in global temperatures over most of the last 150 years followed by a sharp rise.
“It's the foundational argument for really this whole climate change industry and their focus,” he said.
What happened is in 2009 some computer servers at the University of East Anglia in Britain were hacked and emails stolen, with the names of the two UA scientists found in the mix. Some of what was found was labeled “climategate” and is being used by groups to show that global warming is just a conspiracy.
“They showed there were a lot of games being played with the data,” Richardson said.
He said that getting all the emails, including from the two scientists will reveal “an unvarnished view of how the process works … and how climate scientists on the other side of this have been shut out.”
Richardson said he is not denying that the climate is changing.
“It has been for 4.5 billion years,” he said. “The question is what's causing it.”
He contends that the research studies putting the entire blame on carbon dioxide emissions is flawed. More to the point, Richardson contends that accepting those findings as truth — and basing public policy on them — would have dire consequences in the United States. He said that already is playing out in Europe where “electricity rates are skyrocketing” because of moves away from carbon-produced fuels.
E & E describes itself as a nonprofit that engages in litigation to hold accountable “those who seek excessive and destructive government regulation that's based on agenda-driving policy making, junk science and hysteria.”
March 28 Pdf 1: Top Global Limited ()
* Purchase Of Residential Units In The Quinn Development By Subsidiaries
* Units Bartley Blossom, Iconic Town, Jaunty City and Spring Walk, had exercised options to purchase residential units in Quinn Development
* Total of 17 units were purchased and aggregate purchase price was s$25.29 million
* A total of 17 units were purchased and aggregate purchase price was s$25.29 million.
* Transaction is not expected to have any material impact on earnings per share of group for financial year ending 31 December 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Roscommon fans will have to go through their clubs if they want tickets to watch the county's U17 team in the All-Ireland Final thanks to the sold out signs having already gone up for the highly anticipated clash of Dublin and Tyrone.
The GAA announced early last week that the meeting of the reigning All-Ireland Champions and the Ulster standard bearers was sold out which left Roscommon fans in a quandary after their U17 footballers defeated a highly fancied Kerry last Saturday in the semi-final.
The game will be the first of a triple bill on Sunday, August 27, with a 12 noon throw-in followed by the All-Ireland Minor Semi-Final involving Dublin and Derry at 2 pm and the monster clash of the Dubs and Tyrone.
In a statement released this morning, Roscommon GAA stated they had received an allocation which they said “is unlikely that Roscommon GAA will get a sufficient allocation of tickets to meet the demand of our supporters” and said that tickets will be distributed by the clubs.
The statement in full read: Following the Ireland Semi Final victory in Ennis on Saturday last our Under 17 Football team will now contest the Ireland Under 17 final which will be played on Sunday August 27, at 12 noon in Croke Park.
As this game is part of the “sold out” Dublin v Tyrone All Ireland Semi Final Bill it is unlikely that Roscommon GAA will get a sufficient allocation of tickets to meet the demand of our supporters. Therefore, the available tickets for the game will not go on general sale and will be allocated through the clubs in the county.
Presently Roscommon GAA cannot confirm that the game will be televised or streamed. However, we are working to ensure that our supporters get the opportunity to view the game. In addition, the game will be broadcast live on Shannonside FM and live tweeted by Roscommon GAA.
When Roscommon GAA have more information it will be shared on www.gaaroscommon.ie
A NUMBER OF big guns have returned to the Dublin hurling side for Sunday's Division 1B tie against Antrim.
Conal Keaney and Danny Sutcliffe will make their first competitive starts for the county since July 2015, while they're joined in attack by Eamonn Dillon and Paul Ryan.
The other changes are in defence where Eoghan O'Donnell comes into the full-back line, and James Madden is named at wing-back. As part of a rejig, Cian McBride moves to midfield with Chris Crummey lining out at centre-back.
Just nine players retain their places from last weekend's heavy defeat to Offaly at Croke Park.
Meanwhile, Antrim have made one change from their narrow loss to Galway, with James Connolly replacing Maol Connolly at wing-forward.
Dublin
1. Alan Nolan (St Brigid's)
2. Paddy Smyth (Clontarf)
3. Bill O'Carroll (Kilmacud Crokes)
4. Eoghan O'Donnell (Whitehall Colmcille)
5. Shane Barrett (Na Fianna)
6. Chris Crummey (Lucan Sarsfields)
7. James Madden (Ballyboden St Enda's)
8. Cian McBride (St Vincent's)
9. Tomás Connolly (St Vincent's)
10. Donal Burke (Na Fianna)
11. Fergal Whitely (Kilmacud Crokes)
12. Danny Sutcliffe (St Jude's)
13. Conal Keaney (Ballyboden St Enda's)
14. Eamonn Dillon (Na Fionnbarra)
15. Paul Ryan (Ballyboden St Enda's)
Antrim
1. Chris O'Connell
2. Paddy Burke
3. John Dillon
4. Arron Graffin
5. Joe Maskey
6. Matthew Donnelly
7. David Kearney
8. Conor McKinley
9. Gerard Walsh
10. James Connolly
11. Neil McManus
12. Nigel Elliott
13. Donal McKinley
14. Conor McCann
15. Conor Johnston
Subs
16. Ryan Elliott
17. James Connelly
18. Neal McAuley
19. Maol Connolly
20. Deaglan Murphy
21. Conor Carson
22. Daniel McCloskey
23. Eoin O'Neill
24. Ryan McCambridge
25. Conor Boyd
26. Darragh McGuinness
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Saturated fat is a prime suspect in the onset of osteoarthritis after QUT scientists found it changed the composition of cartilage, particularly in the weight-bearing joints of the hip and knee.
Research, published today in Scientific Reports, conducted by Professor Yin Xiao, from QUT's Institute of Health and Biomedical Innovation and his team, in collaboration with Professor Lindsay Brown and his team at University of Southern Queensland, is possibly the first study to investigate the association between osteoarthritis and common dietary fatty acids.
The researchers studied the effects on joints of diets rich in a variety of saturated fatty acids found in such foods as butter, coconut oil, palm oil and animal fat, and simple carbohydrates - a high-fat, high carbohydrate diet common to "junk food".
"Our findings suggest that it's not wear and tear but diet that has a lot to do with the onset of osteoarthritis," Professor Xiao said.
"The main function of cartilage is to seal the bone ends in a joint and absorb pressure on the bones during weight-bearing movement such as walking.
"We found that a diet containing simple carbohydrates together with 20 per cent saturated fats produced osteoarthritic-like changes in the knee.
"Saturated fatty acid deposits in the cartilage change its metabolism and weaken the cartilage, making it more prone to damage. This would, in turn, lead to osteoarthritic pain from the loss of the cushioning effect of cartilage.
"We also found changes in the bone under the cartilage on a diet rich in saturated fat."
PhD student Sunder Sekar said the team tested lauric acid, a saturated fatty acid found in coconut oil.
"Interestingly, when we replaced the meat fat in the diet with lauric acid we found decreased signs of cartilage deterioration and metabolic syndrome so it seems to have a protective effect," Mr Sekar said.
He said fatty acids could cause tissue inflammation in the entire "joint environment".
"We tested a variety of saturated fats and found that long term use of animal fat, butter, and palm oil could weaken the cartilage.
"Replacement of traditional diets containing coconut-derived lauric acid with palm oil-derived palmitic acid or animal fat-derived stearic acid has the potential to worsen the development of both metabolic syndrome and osteoarthritis."
Professor Xiao's previous research has found that antioxidants and anti-cholesterol drugs could slow the progression of joint damage caused by fatty acids.
The study is supported by the Prince Charles Hospital Research Foundation.
###
Edmond's CityLink public transportation service is expecting the delivery of two new buses and two new minivans today.
According to NewsOK, the city will receive the new 22-passenger buses and minivans to be used for paratransit service to help people with disabilities, accommodating two wheelchairs and three people.
A spokesperson for Edmond Public Transit says the new buses are expected to cut maintenance costs in half.
The new buses should be in service by the end of August or early September.
[India], Feb 3 (ANI): The Shiv Sena on Saturday demanded a probe into the rape of a 19-year-old girl inside a Hyderabad movie theatre, given that other audiences were also present there.
"It's shocking how such an incident can occur in presence of hundreds of people in a theatre," Shiv Sena spokesperson Manisha Kayande told ANI.
"There are security guards and CCTV cameras; I don't know if there are, but ideally theatres should be covered with CCTV cameras. It is quite unbelievable and shocking and should be probed," she added.
The victim had gone to watch film 'Padmaavat' at the theatre on Friday, when she was raped by a man, whom she had befriended on social media two months back. According to police who arrested the accused, the latter said that he took advantage of the fact that there were only a few people in the theatre and nobody was near them. (ANI)
Esteban Ocon has said that he feels in superb condition going into his third Formula 1 season, his second with the Sahara Force India F1 Team.
Ocon impressed in his first full season in the sport after his promotion from the now defunct Manor Racing team at the end of the 2016, with a future seat at Mercedes-AMG Petronas Motorsport – his parent team – looking increasingly likely.
The Frenchman endured a testing relationship on track with team-mate Sergio Pérez in 2017, with the pair coming to blows notably at the Canadian, Azeri and Belgian Grand Prix to the detriment of the team's points tally; however, the duo's otherwise consistent performances helped Force India secure a top four finish in the Constructors' Championship for the second year in succession.
After four months away from competitive action, Ocon says that he feels ready for the upcoming challenges and is excited about racing in Melbourne once again.
“It has been a long winter with a two-month training camp for me in the Pyrenees,” said Ocon.
“But hopefully all the hard work will pay off now the racing is starting. I can honestly say I'm in the best shape of my life. I feel ready to go racing again. Testing is one thing, but now we will get the real answers in terms of our performance.
“Melbourne is a fantastic place. I think everybody in the team enjoys going there. The weather is usually nice and there's extra excitement because it's the start of the season. The atmosphere is brilliant all weekend and the fans give you lots of energy.
“I think it's a perfect place to start the season.”
Force India had a particularly quiet winter testing period at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya, sparking fears that the team could fall away in comparison to the McLaren F1 Team and the Renault Sport Formula 1 Team, who are both expected to make improvements on their 2017 campaigns.
Yet the Frenchman is confident in the car he has at his disposal, believing that both he and the team can replicate the points scoring finish seen this time last year.
“I'd like to think we can fight for points in Melbourne,” he added.
“We had a really solid second week of testing in Barcelona. I feel comfortable in the car and it's very consistent. We have new parts coming for the race so hopefully that's another performance step.”
Dear Editor,
At the end of the year, I want to take a moment to reflect on two women who passed away this year, who were related to Concern Worldwide in two very different ways.
In the last year of her life, my mother, a lifetime supporter of Concern, very specifically asked that her collection of clothes, the good suits and coats that she had gathered over the years, be donated to the Concern charity shop in Newcastle, Co Down. As a child she was evacuated to the small seaside town during the second world war, away from the bombs that struck Belfast. For her Newcastle always symbolised a place of refuge and safety. The Concern shop there opened in 1984 to raise funds for the children of Somalia caught up in war and famine in that country. More than 20 years later, ‘the Harrods of charity shops', as it is known by the women who run it today, has raised over £1million to support Concern's work in multiple countries. My mother's donation of her good clothes was simply a tiny gesture of support to these extraordinary women of Newcastle, who are part of the bedrock of Ireland's community network of volunteers who come together organically and energetically to make a difference in the lives of people they have never met.
A few months after my own mother died, Kay O'Loughlin Kennedy passed away. Kay is not a household name in Ireland, but in 1968 she founded Concern along with her husband John. Concern is now Ireland's foremost humanitarian and development organisation, reaching over 22 million people last year across 28 countries. But it all began in 1968, when Kay and John brought 40 people into their flat on Northumberland Road in Dublin. They sat on the floor, hearing stories of the horrendous famine in Biafra that was going on at the time and decided to reach out to the Irish public, who responded in earnest, and have carried us ever since.
These were ordinary people doing extraordinary things, just like the women who run the shop in Newcastle. It is the individual stories of these often unseen and unsung heroes, those who have devoted their time and energy to others, that are the hallmark of who we are as a nation.
In these difficult and sometimes cynical times, we need this energy, support and this spirit more than ever. We are at the end of what has been an extraordinarily challenging year. No one needs reminding of how tumultuous 2016 has been, but it has been most difficult for the poorest and most vulnerable. For those caught up in the horror of Syria or the decimation of Hurricane Matthew in Haiti, or the slow grinding destruction of farmland caused by El Nino and climate change, this year has been an unqualified disaster.
Despite the turmoil and change, there has been one constant for us – that is the generosity of the people who support Concern.
It is this generosity that does justice to Kay's noble ambition and allows her legacy to live on. My mother might have thought her donation was small. The people who donate, the people who volunteer at the Concern shop and at fundraisers across the country may not know how important they are, but they are vital.
It is the totality of these acts that allows us to do what we do. It enables us to respond immediately to emergencies, to stay after the cameras are gone, to reach people in the most desperate and remote places. To save lives and to transform more lives.
Stay with us and I promise you we will continue to deliver professional, compassionate solutions to those that need it most and, importantly, hold ourselves fully accountable to those we serve and to you that support our work.
This is who we are. This is what we do and we will continue to do it for as long as we can.
As we enter 2017, I would like to thank all of you for your continued support and I wish you a peaceful and happy new year.
Yours,
Dominic MacSorley,
Chief Executive Officer,
Concern Worldwide,
Dublin 2.
A petrol station in St Helens has been nominated for a ‘forecourt of the year' award.
Ashcroft Service Station, the Pace-branded petrol station on Ashcroft Street has been shortlisted for SuperStation 2017, one of the most prestigious accolades in petrol retailing, open to over 700 Certas Energy-supplied forecourts across the UK.
Now in its sixth year, SuperStation is a competition designed to drive up standards of customer service, facilities and presentation within petrol retailing.
It culminates with sponsors, leading industry suppliers and finalists in each category gathering together for an awards evening of
Hollywood-style glitz and glamour on Thursday 12 October at Chesford Grange in Leamington Spa, Warwickshire. Ashcroft Service Station is nominated in the Best Pace Site category.
Ramsay MacDonald, retail director, Certas Energy, the largest supplier to independent fuel retailers in Britain, has congratulated Ashcroft Service Station on making the final.
“The standards of our finalists never cease to amaze me,” he explains.
“Ashcroft Service Station is a fine example of the best in petrol retailing and a great ambassador for the Pace brand.
“The site thoroughly deserves this recognition which is testament to the hard work and drive of every member of the team at Ashcroft Service Station.”
For more information, visit http://retail.gulfoil.co.uk/ superstation-awards-2017
Tuesday is expected to be cloudy with sunny periods. Daytime temperatures should reach highs of around 28 degrees Celsius.
Louise Haagh, an associate professor at the University of York and chair of the Basic Income Earth Network, spoke to Sputnik about the pros and cons of universal basic income (UBI).
Professor Haagh is one of a number of politicians and academics who, in the last five years — as growing predictions suggest automation will make millions unemployed globally — have supported the idea of a universal basic income, a minimum level of income which would be paid to everyone and would offset the hardship of being made redundant.
Sputnik: Will the introduction of UBI lead to people becoming less inclined to work and more dependent?
There is very little evidence or reason to think that, in of itself, giving people a basic economic security would make them lazy or unwilling to work. You cannot make a direct connection between one policy instrument and how people will behave in what are much more complex contexts. What we need to talk about is what are the positive complimentalities which you can imagine if you have in place an unconditional basic income which would give people the incentive to work without the disincentive which currently exists of losing your benefit or entitlement.
Sputnik: Does the European Union have the financial capacity to subsidize this scheme?
Louise Haagh: I'm not aware of an official proposal for a pan-European single-level uniform basic income from the EU and of course that depends on the design, whether you imagine you would move towards a basic income system to converting based on tax reliance, the lowest level of benefits, pension change benefits into this unified thing which could have various levels depending on age of course or whether you'd go about doing it some other way. If you were to do it very gradually, starting with younger age groups, and if you did it that way then the question of immediate cost would fade into the background.
Sputnik: To what extent do you think UBI could reduce the unemployment rate — if at all?
In conjunction with other sensible policies appropriate to the context and question, I don't see UBI would have a negative effect on employment of course. There is really no basis for thinking that would be the case because, if we assume, with basic income people can earn additional income without fear of losing their status regarding their basic security.
Sputnik: Do plans for the introduction of UBI have any relationship to increased automation of production? Could it be many jobs in future will be entrusted to computers and robots?"
Louise Haagh: Basic income will certainly alleviate the effects, at an individual level, in a way which it would be very hard for states to do, if we imagine there would be large-scale job losses. But I think one can exaggerate and extrapolate too much because it is very context-dependent.
Rockies at Dodgers
When: Tuesday, April 17, 7:10 p.m.
Where: Dodger Stadium
TV: KTLA/5, SportsNet LA (where available)
THE PITCHERS
DODGERS LHP HYUN-JIN RYU (0-2, 5.79)
Vs. Rockies: 3-3, 3.98
At Dodger Stadium: 11-8, 3.17
Hates to face: Carlos Gonzalez, 3 for 7 (.429), 1 home run
Loves to face: Mark Reynolds/Trevor Story, 0 for 2, 1 strikeout
ROCKIES LHP KYLE FREELAND (1-1, 5.91)
Vs. Dodgers: 1-0, 1.50
At Dodger Stadium: Has never pitched there before
Hates to face: Justin Turner, 2 for 3 (.667), 1 double
Loves to face: Logan Forsythe, 0 for 3, 2 strikeouts
The formerly classified memo authored by Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee has finally been revealed! But... is there anything in it? Here's what you should read (besides the memo, which can be found here).
The primary claim in the memo is that the FBI and Justice Department misled a court to secure the right to surveil a former Trump adviser. If this is true, it's bad.
The memo claims that the Christopher Steele dossier — research by an ex-MI6 intelligence officer, which was funded, in part, by Hillary Clinton's campaign — "formed an essential part" of the FBI's application for that order. And yet, the Bureau did not inform the court of Clinton's role in financing the collection of this information anywhere in its application...
The memo's more compelling charge is that the FBI did present corroborating evidence for the Steele dossier's claims — but that said evidence consisted primarily of a Yahoo News article that was based on information leaked by Christopher Steele. If this is true — and if the Steele dossier and Yahoo News article really did constitute the entirety of the FBI's case — then it appears that the Bureau misled the FISA court, intentionally or otherwise, and an American citizen was unfairly subjected to state surveillance.
[New York Magazine]
The Other Secret Document
The Washington Post reporters provide crucial context to what is an inherently partisan document. Throughout, The Post reporters note that the memo makes claims about the FISA warrant that simply can't be substantiated without seeing the warrant itself.
FISA warrants are generally rigorous and require lots of evidence. Since we don't have the FISA warrant and we don't know anything about the thought process of whoever approved it, it's nearly impossible to say whether the Steele dossier was actually "essential."
The Yahoo News Piece
Similarly, the memo claims that the FISA warrant application extensively cited a Michael Isikoff Yahoo News piece that it says was reliant on information from the Steele dossier. Neither the use of the Yahoo piece nor the Yahoo piece's reliance on information from Steele has been verified outside of the Republican memo.
Here the memo alleges that the FISA application erred by mischaracterizing Steele's contact with Yahoo News.
It has been reported that court papers show Steele admitted to meeting with Yahoo News, among other outlets including The Washington Post and the New York Times. The question from there is how much Isikoff relied upon information from Steele.
[The Washington Post]
The Papadopoulos Point
The Atlantic, among others, note that the final point in the document undermines its political purpose (to discredit the Russia investigation via the Steele dossier). According to the memo, the FISA application attempted to connect Carter Page and George Papadopoulos despite there supposedly being little evidence of a connection. It goes on to note that Papadopoulos "triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation[.]" By acknowledging that Papadopoulos, and not the Steele dossier, was the origin of the FBI investigation, Republicans seemingly refute the main point of the memo.
Trump and his aides have argued that the investigation is a political witch hunt, stemming from the DNC-funded dossier, but this paragraph confirms a New York Times story in late 2017 that reported that the investigation began with Papadopoulos. (Papadopoulos, another former campaign aide, pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI and is cooperating with Special Counsel Robert Mueller's probe.)
On McCabe's Quote
The Atlantic also criticizes the memo's point that outgoing FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe said "no surveillance warrant would have been sought from the FISC without the Steele dossier information."
National-security-law experts say FISA-warrant applications often run dozens of pages, and the Steele dossier doesn't have dozens of pages on Page. Nor is it clear what role the Steele dossier played in the granting of the warrant, even if the FBI hadn't sought it without that information.
[The Atlantic]
The Facts Are Indeed Disputed
Democrats and the FBI have disputed facts in the memo, specifically the claim that the FISA court was not made aware of the political origins of the Steele dossier.
.@RepAdamSchiff says it is "not accurate to say that the FBI did not make the FISC aware that there was a likely political motivation behind who was funding Steele's work. It is misleading to suggest that the court had no idea that there was a political motivation involved." — Natasha Bertrand (@NatashaBertrand) February 2, 2018
In a rare public statement, the FBI also raised concerns with the memo: "We have grave concerns about the material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy."
Zack Beauchamp writes in Vox that the real question is not how heavily the FISA application relied on the Steele dossier, but rather what specific findings in the dossier that were used were verified or not.
The FBI relies on sources with axes to grind all the time. People typically don't go to the authorities with damaging information about people they like. The key question in an application like this isn't whether the source liked the target; it's whether the specific claims they're making are credible.
The memo doesn't make that case.
“What matters is whether the Steele specific findings *actually material to the application* were unverified,” Julian Sanchez, an expert on surveillance at the libertarian Cato Institute, wrote after reading the memo. "Memo doesn't seem to make that claim."
[Vox]
Despite the above criticism, Slate notes that the memo is shrouded in enough technicalities and confusion that it will probably have its desired effect:
The memo is so silly, and technical, and logic-defying on its face that it's easy to miss the fact that its genius lies in precisely that. Unless one ambles comfortably in the murky weeds of the Trump-Russia collusion investigation, this will all be just arcane and confusing enough to mean nothing. For the vast majority of Americans, it will be enough that the president has now declared that his own federal intelligence apparatus is corrupt and out to get him, and has conveniently produced an enemies list that conveniently sweeps in all the villains, from Christopher Steele to Dana Boente to Sally Yates to Andrew McCabe, who have declined to play on the president's “team.” If the point here is to raise doubts about every investigatory agency capable of scrutinizing Trump, it has been achieved. As John McCain responded, when the memo was released, “If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.”
[Slate]
Tot Lot is a free program that combines the supervised playground program and the community centers' play group program offered by Sioux Falls Parks and Recreation into events for children ages 6 years and younger to encourage free play (supervised by parents or guardians) with weekly themes, games, and craft times.
Tot Lot will occur June 11 through July 26, 2018, from 9:00 to 11:00 AM at the picnic shelters of Laurel Oak Park on Mondays and Wednesdays and Spellerberg Park on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
This program is not intended as a child care program. Child ages 6 years and younger must be supervised by someone at least 16 years old. The ratio of children 6 years and younger may not exceed five children per one 16-year-old.
Tot Lot is an outdoor program and is weather dependent. If there is inclement weather, the program will be canceled for the day.
For complete information including special events, call 605-367-8222.
See Also:
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
California Gov. Jerry Brown has asked the state Department of Justice to investigate alleged corruption at the state's Board of Equalization, the agency that collects $60 billion in tax revenues in one of the highest-taxed states in the nation.
The Sacramento Bee reports:
In a letter sent to the board's five elected members, The Democratic governor announced the tax agency will not be able to hire key personnel or issue most contracts without approval from other state departments he controls. His letter also announced his intent to ask the Human Resources Department and Attorney General Xavier Becerra to investigate complaints from civil servants as well as an alleged misuse of public resources. Brown's letter follows a recent audit from the Department of Finance that found the Board of Equalization had allowed its elected members to “redirect” staff for promotional events. The audit found the agency could not explain how it corrected accounting failures identified in a 2015 audit. It described reports from employees who feared they'd lose their jobs if they displeased elected officials. The report also suggested that board members inappropriately “intervened” in administrative decisions, creating inconsistencies that are “contrary to state law.”
The Los Angeles Times adds:
In a letter to board members, Brown also said he would ask legislative leaders to come up with new laws to address “serious problems” with the agency that were identified in a recent state Department of Finance audit. The audit uncovered mismanagement in the agency, which is responsible for collecting $60 billion in taxes annually. “The report uncovered issues of inappropriate interference by the board that undermines its ability to carry out its core mission: the collection and administration of sales and use taxes and other revenues,” Brown wrote. “Other serious personnel allegations involving the board were uncovered during finance's review that warrant immediate investigation.” The Department of Finance review found tax board employees assigned to revenue-generating jobs were reassigned temporarily to help elected board members with public outreach events to boost the board members' standing in their districts.
The scandal comes at the worst possible time for the agency, as California taxpayers prepare their federal and state returns.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — On April 6, the United States carried out a missile attack on Ash Sha'irat, located about 40 kilometers (25 miles) from the city of Homs, claiming, with no evidence provided, that the chemical attack on Syria's Idlib was allegedly launched from that airfield. According to the US Department of Defense, a total of 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles were launched during the attack.
"We believe that if there is any allegation of the use of chemical weapons, we condemn its use and whoever uses it. An episode like this should be investigated and the UN has the capabilities to do that. We, in our reaction to the US strikes, have urged restraint and we have also called for an investigation," Aslam said.
The Pakistani official added that Islamabad watches with concern the escalation of the situation in Syria and the continuing plight and suffering of the Syrian people.
© AFP 2017/ JOEL SAGET Russia to Demand Explanations From UK on Samples Examination From Syria's Idlib
Aslam pointed out that Pakistan warned against any violence or provocative moves and urged the parties to the Syrian reconciliation process to resume the intra-Syrian peace talks hosted in Geneva. "We also have called for the resumption of the Geneva process, because we do not see that any kind of violence is going to help the Syrian people," she said.
Earlier this month, the Syrian opposition reported that some 80 people were killed and that 200 more were injured in a chemical weapons attack in Idlib, blaming the Syrian army for the attack. On April 7, the United States carried out a missile attack on the Syrian airbase near the city of Homs, claiming, with no evidence provided, that the chemical attack was allegedly launched from that airfield. Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem has denied the government's involvement in the Idlib incident, while Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Saturday criticized the US missile attack as a violation of international law.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Indiana House Speaker Brian Bosma says he was "disturbed" that the state's child welfare agency failed to take action after five different reviews found problems at the agency in recent years.
Scroll for more content...
The revelation was included in a sixth review conducted by a consultant, which was released in June.
Republican Gov. Eric Holcomb hired the consultant after long-festering agency problems erupted into public view last December.
Former DCS director Mary Beth Bonaventura resigned, accusing his administration of making management changes and service cuts that "all but ensure children will die."
Bosma said Monday that he was recently informed about the prior reviews.
Most appear to have been conducted while Vice President Mike Pence was governor.
Bosma said Holcomb is committed to making improvements.
Aetna International (www.aetnainternational.com), one of the world's largest health benefits businesses and a Fortune 100 company, introduces vHealth by Aetna with a monthly subscription option. Available at Rs.250 per month, this new primary care service will entitle a family of four to unlimited consultations with specially trained doctors.
vHealth by Aetna offers advice and treatment for illnesses, management of chronic diseases, advice on alternative treatment options and interpretation of diagnostic reports. Consultations can be booked through a new mobile app and subscribers can choose to engage with in-house primary care doctors by video or telephone call. During their consultation, people can share medical records and pictures with doctors and store consultation details, medical reports and prescriptions for easy reference. With this monthly package, vHealth will enable people beyond metro cities, in tier-II and tier-III cities to access high-quality, affordable and personalized healthcare through teleconsultation.
India's disease burden is increasing and people suffer from self-medication, self-diagnosis and excessive use of antibiotics. By improving access to primary care, vHealth by Aetna encourages a more positive approach to health, by supporting all the healthcare needs of the family. Doctors spend quality time with patients, listening to their concerns, helping with diagnosis & treatment, and where appropriate, directing them to the right specialist. By partnering with patients throughout the treatment journey, vHealth can improve the family's health and help them to live healthier lives
vHealth by Aetna is delivered through full time, in-house doctors who are specially trained in telemedicine. Doctors follow robust scientific clinical protocols which helps them to identify the root cause of a problem. Consultations are closely monitored to ensure clinical quality. As a result, after 24,000 consultations, vHealth by Aetna has been able to reduce physical consultations by 70%. Patients have rated the consultations 4.5 out of 5 and the service has a Net Promoter score of +47.
Speaking about the launch of the new product, Mr Manasije Mishra, Managing Director, Indian Health Organisation & Aetna India said, “vHealth by Aetna has been able to deliver high-quality care. Customers have appreciated the time spent by our doctors on listening to all the concerns, the proactive follow ups and regular guidance. I am delighted that we are now able to make world-class primary healthcare available everywhere in India.”
About Aetna International
Aetna International is committed to helping create a stronger, healthier global community by delivering comprehensive health care benefits and population health solutions worldwide. One of the largest providers of international health benefits and services, Aetna International serves more than 800,000 members worldwide, including expatriates, local nationals, and business travellers. Its global benefits include medical, dental, vision and emergency assistance and, in some regions, life and disability. Aetna International also offers customised technological and health management solutions for healthcare systems, government entities, and large employers to improve people's health, enhance the quality of care and contain costs. For more information, see www.aetnainternational.com
About Aetna
Aetna is one of the leading diversified health care benefits companies in the U.S., serving an estimated 46.7 million people with information and resources to help them make better-informed decisions about their health care. Aetna offers a broad range of traditional, voluntary and consumer-directed health insurance products and related services, including medical, pharmacy, dental, behavioral health, group life and disability plans, and medical management capabilities, Medicaid health care management services, workers' compensation administrative services and health information technology products and services. Aetna's customers include employer groups, individuals, college students, part-time and hourly workers, health plans, health care providers, governmental units, government-sponsored plans, labor groups, and expatriates. For more information, see http://www.aetna.com/ and learn about how Aetna is helping to build a healthier world. @AetnaNews
About Indian Health Organisation
Indian Health Organisation is one of India's leading healthcare benefits company. IHO delivers vHealth by Aetna primary care services by joining all the dots to provide its customers a convenient, affordable and quality access to outpatient services. With the focus on clinical excellence, digital technology and a wide network of healthcare partners, IHO's telemedicine service, vHealth by Aetna provides teleconsultation and co-ordinate the delivery of care to people's homes (blood tests, medicines, home healthcare) with its health partner network spread across 38cities. Indian Health Organisation is a subsidiary of Aetna INC, a Fortune 100 company headquartered in the United States. For more information, see www.iho.inFor further queries,
Campbell College's John McKee starts the celebrations. Source: Presseye/Stephen Hamilton/INPHO
Royal School Armagh 13
Campbell College Belfast 19
CAMPBELL COLLEGE BELFAST is the 2018 Ulster Schools Senior Cup champions after their sturdy defensive performance saw them overcome Royal School Armagh 19-13 at Kingspan Stadium.
Tries from Dara Gaskin, Conor Rankin and Will Davis handed Neil Doak's side a hard-fought victory, while Ben Lavery added a late score for Armagh backed by two penalties from centre Zac Thompson.
It was a testament to the Campbell defence that Armagh, despite dominating territory and possession, didn't cross the 22 in the first half as they set out their stall following on from their strong showing in the semi-final.
Thompson had a penalty at goal that slid just wide, but scoring chances were minimal as the two sides battled it out in midfield for dominance in a very even first half.
But first blood went to the Belfast school as their driving maul was held just short and, after several drives at the line from their bruising pack, ironically it was scrum-half Gaskin who saw the small gap and dived through for the opening try on the stroke of half time.
That might have been a hammer blow to some sides, but Armagh started the second half strongly thanks to the elusive running of centre Matthew Reaney and Thompson stuck over a 37th-minute penalty.
Dara Gaskin burrows over for Campbell's first try. Source: Presseye/Matt Mackey/INPHO
Ulster U18 full back Rankin then missed a penalty for Campbell before Armagh passed up a glorious chance to take the lead, again Reaney the orchestrator as he kicked through for Romain Morrow to gather, only for them to lose the ball at the line.
That proved to be key as Campbell went up the other end and scored their second try, Gaskin again involved as he charged down a kick from Morrow and Rankin scooped up the loose ball to run it back for the score.
Yet again Armagh came close to scoring their first try as they worked back up to the Campbell 5m line, only for a cynical infringement from the Belfast boys giving Thompson his second penalty of the game.
And that allowed Campbell to kill the game off with their third try five minutes from the end, their driving maul again stopped just short by Armagh flanker Aaron Woods, but winger Will Davis showed brilliant strength to power over under the posts under pressure for the game-winning score.
Armagh did add a consolation score with one minute to go to make it interesting, replacement scrum-half Ben Lavery running a great line from the wing to evade several defenders and cross, but Campbell forced the knock-on off the restart and the celebrations began.
Try: Lavery Royal School scorers:: Lavery Conversion: Thompson [1 from 1] Penalties: Thompson [2 from 3] Campbell College scorers: Tries: Gaskin, Rankin, Davis Conversions: Rankin [2 from 3] Penalties: Rankin [0 from 1]
ROYAL SCHOOL ARMAGH: Michael Campbell; Oliver Webb, Zac Thompson, Matthew Reaney, Nicholas Jennings; Romain Morrow, Alex Johnston; Jack Chapman, Jack Treanor, Archie McAlpine; Jonny Agnew, Samuel King; Aaron Woods, Graham Crawford, Ryan O'Neill.
Replacements: Sam Rainey, Adam Edgar, Jude Roberts, Ryan Finlay, Josh King, Ben Lavery, Callum Whiteside, Peter Taylor.
CAMPBELL COLLEGE BELFAST: Conor Rankin; Will Davis, Jamie Macartney, Ben Power, Rex Tinsley; Oscar Yandall, Dara Gaskin; John McKee, Harry Jenkins, Patrick McAlpine; Oisin Kiernan, John Harrison; Jack Stinson, Sam Robinson, Tobi Olaniyan.
Replacements: John Gildea, Matthew Carlisle, Matthew Poor, James Johnston, Jamie Brennan, Lucas Yandall, Harry Owens, Kierion Robertson.
Referee: Jonny Erskine
by Camber Whitford
Dust off those tap shoes because Mayor Eric Garcetti officially declared April 25th to be ‘La La Land' Day in the “City of Stars!”
A public dedication ceremony will take place on the steps of L.A. City Hall starting at 8:30 am. To make sure you get all your ‘La La Land' feels, a jazz band will be performing at the ceremony. As well as aerial dancers who will be performing a dance medley inspired by the film.
While Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone are not scheduled to attend, director Damien Chazelle and composer Justin Hurwitz will be making cameos! Production designers David and Sandy Wasco, jewelry designer Kyle Chan, and choreographer Mandy Moore will also be dropping by.
The best picture nominee comes out on DVD and Blue-Ray the same day, so don't worry if you can't make it you can always celebrate by watching the award-winning movie.
Swindon Town reporter Benjamin Wills gives us his verdict on Mansfield Town's new signing Matt Preston.
The Stags yesterday won the tug-of-war between the clubs for the young defender's signature.
Posted by admin on April 17, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
BERLIN, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Germany's would-be coalition partners said on Friday they would allocate 10-12 billion euros of public money to build gigabit-speed fixed-line data networks over the coming four years.
In a coalition paper seen by Reuters, negotiators for Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD) said they would also aim to use the construction of 5G mobile data networks to help enhance coverage, including by auctioning licences on a regional basis.
“We will become the first country in Europe with a 5G network, laying the foundations for this year,” they wrote. (Reporting by Markus Wacket; Writing by Thomas Escritt; Editing by Peter Graff)
(UPDATED) Keaton Jones tearfully talks about being bullied at school in a video that has gone viral, prompting an outpouring of support from Hollywood celebrities, music stars and athletes
Published 7:13 PM, December 11, 2017
WASHINGTON, USA (UPDATED) – A video of a boy tearfully talking about being bullied at school has gone viral and prompted an outpouring of support from Hollywood celebrities, music stars and athletes.
Keaton Jones's mother posted the video on Facebook Friday, December 8, writing that her son asked to make it after he had her pick him up from school because he was afraid to go to lunch.
It has since been viewed 22 million times and shared more than 430,000 times.
"Just out of curiosity, why do they bully? What's the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to 'em? It's not OK," Jones says in the video.
"They make fun of my nose, they call me ugly, they say I have no friends... (they) pour milk on me and put ham down my clothes, threw bread at me," he says.
"I don't like that they do it to me and I for sure don't like that they do it to other people, 'cause it's not OK," Jones says, tears on his face.
"People that are different don't need to be criticized about it -- it's not their fault. But if you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you -- just stay strong," he says, adding: "It'll probably get better one day."
That day may have come sooner than he expected.
Chris Evans, the actor who plays Captain America, invited Jones to the premiere of the next Avengers film.
"Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better," Evans wrote on Twitter.
"While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year?"
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
'Overwhelmed' is an understatement
"Why do people do this? I think your sooo cool Keaton! I wanna be your friend ( but srsly) ur freakin awesome," tweeted Millie Bobby Brown, who plays Eleven on the hit series "Stranger Things."
Keaton, this is so accurate. Why do people do this? I think your sooo cool Keaton! I wanna be your friend ( but srsly) ur freakin awesome https://t.co/LD7Q762bL9 — Millie Bobby Brown (@milliebbrown) December 9, 2017
Rapper Snoop Dogg encouraged Jones to get in touch with him by direct message.
"Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate," he wrote on Instagram.
"Keaton-Don't waste time wondering why a bully would be so mean-They're sad people who think hurting others will make them feel better because they really don't like themselves," tweeted Mark Hamill, who plays Luke Skywalker in the blockbuster space saga "Star Wars."
Ultimate Fighting Championship president Dana White invited Jones to the UFC headquarters.
"This video is heartbreaking!! I want to bring Keaton to Vegas and hang out at UFC Headquarters," White tweeted.
Donald Trump Jr., the president's son, said he'd give Jones a place to stay if he takes White up on the offer.
"This boy is incredibly brave and the video really got to me," Trump wrote on Twitter.
"@danawhite, If he takes you up on your offer to see UFC Headquarters, I would be honored to host him and his family."
And Delanie Walker, who plays tight end for the Tennessee Titans, posted a video on Twitter in which he invited Jones and his family to the football team's game on December 31.
The response has been overwhelming for Jones's mother Kimberly.
"Friends, overwhelmed is the understatement of the world right now. I love each of you for what you are doing, but there is literally no way I can respond or even read all of the messages," she wrote in a follow-up post.
The video and other posts are no longer visible on her Facebook page. – Rappler.com
In case you haven't noticed, school is out, temperatures are up, and vacation season is upon us. And that means it's time to get back to the beloved Texas coast.
This summer, the first after Hurricane Harvey heavily damaged many of our favorite coastal communities, is the most important for these towns trying to get back on their feet. Aside from the normal sights and sounds of waves crashing and seagulls begging, lately there's the steady sound of hammering and the beep-beep-beep of construction equipment. All along the coast, people are fast getting the restaurants, shops, and resorts ready for summer.
For our June issue, we prepared a special “Return to the Coast” package intended to bid Texans back to the coast and guide them on how to do so. We advise on where to stay in rapidly rebuilding Port Aransas, and we offer dispatches on the birding, fishing, and coastline in Rockport. Throughout it all, our hope is to appeal to that sense of Texas pride we all felt watching our friends and neighbors help one another in the throes of one of the worst natural disasters in our history. Remember? Remember how you wanted to help those people? The way to do so now is to book a trip.
In this month's Behind the Lines, our monthly series intended to provide subscribers with an in-depth and behind-the-scenes look at how we put together each issue, we visit with senior editor Courtney Bond, author of the lead story, and design director Emily Kimbro to talk about the coast package, how we conceptualized and developed the cover, and why now's the time for Texans who love the coast to make their way on down.
To quote Kimbro: “The beer is cold and the beaches are clean.” I'm sold. Now, let's go!
The Nicosia Criminal Court on Friday found a 35-year-old man guilty of the repeated sexual abuse, for around a year-and-a-half, of the now 11-year-old daughter of his partner.
The court found the defendant guilty of 39 charges concerning the rape, sexual abuse and indecent assault of the girl between August 2013 and January 2015. The abuse began when the girl was seven-years-old.
The offences took place at the home of the girl, where she was living with her mother and the 35-year-old who was at the time in a relationship with the girl's mother. Sentencing was adjourned for Tuesday, when defence is to deliver their mitigation arguments.
The court acquitted another suspect, the previous partner of the girl's mother and who was facing eight charges of indecent assault against the girl, between January 2012 and August 2013.
COLWYN Bay continued their recent resurgence with a comfortable 5-1 home win over Glossop North End.
The Seagulls produced another impressive play to secure another three points, and they are now just four points off the playoff places ahead of their trip to Ramsbottom United on Saturday (3pm).
Two first half goals for Danny Bartle took his tally to six in four games, while in a late goal flurry top scorer Astley Mulholland ended his nine-game goal drought, Danny Andrews scored his fourth goal in five games and there was a sensational introduction for new loan signing Nathan Brown.
The 19-year-old Chester product came on in added time, was brought down as he put in speedy run to the edge of the Glossop area and then coolly lifted the free kick over the wall and into the top corner of the net for a super debut goal.
Manager Alan Morgan, said: “It wasn't a 5-1 game and I don't think it was the best performance since I've been here. Second half we didn't pass the ball as well as we could and took some wrong decisions in the final third, but if you'd given me 5-1 before the game I'd have happily taken it.
“They are a big side who pose a threat at set pieces and corners, and I thought we dealt with that and defended well, but at 2-1 they were always in it and the next goal was always going to be massive – fortunately we got it and that killed them off a bit.
“It was good for Astley to get his goal (after a bit of a drought) and hopefully that will get him going again and it was nice for Nathan to get his goal right at the end. When he won the free kick the lads told him to take it as we were 4-1 and in the last minute – and he's put it in the top corner, so I'm delighted for him. He's off for a night out in Dublin now so he'll enjoy that even more!”
“We need to look after Danny (Bartle). He's not 100 per cent yet after his injury so I've got to be careful with him. He's started the last four games and we really need to give him a rest for a week, but when he's scored five goals in three games for me it's very difficult to leave him out.”
Paloma Villicana is a bilingual sports anchor and reporter for ABC WOAY-TV in West Virginia. She reports on local, collegiate, and professional sports during the week. Read More
There are employment patterns on all islands, but I thought we could use the Big Island as an example. You'll see that hotels employ lots of people, so do hospitals, supermarkets and governments.
300 – Roberts, Waikoloa Marriott, HELCO
400 – Mauna Lani Resort, N. Hawaii Community Hospital
600 – Fairmont Orchid
800 – KS Hawaii. KTA Super Stores
900 – Mauna Kea Beach and Hapuna Prince
1,200 – Hualalai Resort
1,300 – Federal government
1,400 – Hilton Waikoloa + Grand Vacations
2,700 – County government
8,000 – State government
Copyright 2018. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
THE TYRONE TEAM to face Dublin on Saturday night has been named, with Mickey Harte's side showing five changes from their defeat to Galway last weekend.
Omagh defender Ciaran McLaughlin makes his first league start for Tyrone in his hometown, while Cathal McCarron also comes into the full-back line.
Declan McLure, Richard Donnelly and Lee Brennan – who scored 0-6 for UUJ in a midweek Sigerson Cup game – also start. Harte was in Belfast on Wednesday night to catch Brennan's fine performance against holders St Mary's and he's been rewarded with his first league start for the county.
Brennan only featured briefly in last year's league but is regarded as one of the most promising young forwards in the county.
In total Tyrone start with eight players who began the 12-point All-Ireland semi-final defeat to Dublin last August.
Tyrone
1. Niall Morgan (Éadan na dTorc)
2. Ciaran McLaughlin (An Omaigh)
3. Cathal McCarron (An Droim Mór)
4. Hugh Pat McGeary (Cabhán a'Chaortainn)
5. Tiernan McCann (Coill an Chlochair)
6. Pádraig Hampsey (Oileán a'Ghuail)
7. Peter Harte (Aireagal Chiaráin)
8. Matthew Donnelly (Trí Leac)
9. Declan McClure (Cluain Eo)
10. Richard Donnelly (Trí Leac)
11. Niall Sludden (An Droim Mhór)
12. Kieran McGeary (Cabhán a'Chaortainn)
13. Lee Brennan (Trí Leac)
14. Cathal McShane (E. R. Uí Néill)
15. Connor McAliskey (Cluain Eo)
Subs
16. Mickey O'Neill (Cluain Eo)
17. Mark Bradley (Coill an Chlochair)
18. Rory Brennan (Trí Leac)
19. Frank Burns (Cabhán a'Chaortainn)
20. Conall McCann (Coill an Chlochair)
21. Aidan McCrory (Aireagal Chiaráin)
22. Michael McKernan (Oileán a'Ghuail)
23. Ronan McNabb (An Droim Mór)
24. Ronan McNamee (Achadh Uí Aráin)
25. Padraig McNulty (Dún Geanainn)
26. Ronan O'Neill (An Omaigh)
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
"Rep. Scalise was critically injured and remains in critical condition," the hospital stated in a Twitter message.
— MedStar Washington (@MedStarWHC) June 14, 2017
​The Louisiana congressman was among five people who were shot when a gunman opened fire on their practice field. Two of the five were Capitol Police who were wounded in an exchange of gunfire with the shooter. The shooter, who has died from his injuries, has been identified as James T. Hodgkinson, 66, of Illinois.
Matt Mika of Tyson Foods, another one of those injured in the shooting, is also in critical condition and is in surgery, according to a statement from his family. Mika was shot multiple times, his family was told.
— ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) June 14, 2017
US President Donald Trump responded to what he called the "brutal, brutal assault" by calling for unity and praising the bravery of the Capitol Police officers who responded.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 14, 2017
Bottom Line: Living in a household with a prescription opioid user may be associated with increased risk of prescription opioid use by other household members.
Why The Research Is Interesting: Millions of opioid prescriptions are dispensed each year in the United States and unused opioids stored in household medicine cabinets are opportunities for drug sharing. However, whether prescription opioid use by one household member is associated with prescription opioid use in other household members is unknown.
Who and When: Claims data for commercial insurance beneficiaries sharing a health plan from 2000 to 2014
What: Outpatient pharmacy dispensing of a prescription opioid vs prescription NSAID (nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug) started by a household member (exposure); new dispensing by an outpatient pharmacy of a prescription opioid for another household member (outcome)
How (Study Design): This is an observational study. Researchers are not intervening for purposes of the study and cannot control natural differences that could explain study findings.
Authors: Marissa J. Seamans, Ph.D., of Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health, Baltimore, and coauthors
Results: The one-year risk of prescription opioid use was an absolute 0.71 percent higher among people in households where another person had an opioid prescription compared with households with an NSAID prescription.
Study Limitations: The increase in risk of opioid use was small, and factors the researchers did not or could not measure might explain it.
Study Conclusions: Living in a household with a prescription opioid user may increase risk of prescription opioid use. Opioid prescribing decisions may need to consider the context within which the medications will be used and the potential risk of subsequent opioid initiation by other people in a household.
###
For more details and to read the full study, please visit the For The Media website.
(doi:10.1001/jamainternmed.2017.7280)
Editor's Note: The article contains conflict of interest and funding/support disclosures. Please see the article for additional information.
# # #
* ADP private payrolls at 263,000 in March * Data suggests strong U.S. non-farm payrolls report Friday * Faster Fed rate hike pace viewed as possible * Fed to release March meeting minutes at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT) By Sam Forgione NEW YORK, April 5 U.S. Treasury yields edged higher on Wednesday after stronger-than-expected U.S. private payrolls data boosted expectations of a robust jobs report on Friday and possibly a faster pace of interest rate increases from the Federal Reserve. U.S. companies added 263,000 workers in March, suggesting further tightening of the labor market, payrolls processor ADP said. The figure was the most since December 2014 and far exceeded expectations of economists polled by Reuters for a gain of just 187,000. The data came ahead of the U.S. Labor Department's monthly non-farm payrolls report Friday, which includes both public and private-sector employment. Economists polled by Reuters expect the report to show U.S. employers added 180,000 jobs in March. Analysts said traders probably viewed the ADP data as a sign of a strong U.S. jobs report. That would "make an even better case for the Fed to continue its tightening and maybe increase the probability that they could move three more times this year," said David Coard, head of fixed income sales and trading at Williams Capital Group in New York. The minutes of the central bank's March meeting are due at 2:00 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT). Benchmark 10-year Treasury yields hit a session high of 2.382 percent in the wake of the ADP data from 2.350 percent late on Tuesday and a more than five-week low of 2.314 percent touched earlier that day. Yields stabilized to trade only slightly higher on the day, however, after the Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity fell to 55.2 in March from 57.6 in February. The latest reading was below expectations of 57.0 from a Reuters poll of 64 economists. U.S. 10-year Treasury notes were last down 3/32 in price to yield 2.362 percent. The two-year was roughly flat in price to yield 1.254 percent, while 30-year yields were last at about 3 percent from 2.992 percent late on Tuesday. April 5 Wednesday 10:53AM New York / 1453 GMT Price US T BONDS JUN7 151-15/32 -0-6/32 10YR TNotes JUN7 124-248/256 -0-16/25 6 Price Current Net Yield % Change (bps) Three-month bills 0.79 0.8026 0.000 Six-month bills 0.905 0.9218 0.003 Two-year note 99-254/256 1.254 0.004 Three-year note 100-116/256 1.4669 0.005 Five-year note 99-248/256 1.8816 0.004 Seven-year note 99-184/256 2.1686 0.008 10-year note 99-12/256 2.3587 0.009 30-year bond 100-8/256 2.9983 0.006 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last (bps) Net Change (bps) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 33.50 -0.50 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 28.75 -1.00 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 11.00 -0.50 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap -2.75 -1.00 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -39.50 -0.75 spread (Reporting by Sam Forgione; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
The Philippines is one of the stops in the Asian leg of WINNER's '2018 Everywhere Tour'
Published 3:37 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Another YG Entertainment act is coming to Manila in 2018!
On Wednesday July 4, at 4 pm Korea time, WINNER announced on their official Facebook page that Manila is one of the stops in the Asian leg of their 2018 Everywhere Tour.
WINNER fans, collectively known as Inner Circle, know the significance of the number 4 since the boys came back as a 4-member group in 2017.
Aside from Seoul and Manila, other stops in Asia include Taipei, Kuala Lumpur, Bangkok, Singapore, Jakarta, and Hong Kong.
This announcement comes just two days after K-pop group iKON, also from YG Entertainment, revealed they will be coming to Manila for their 2018 Continue Tour.
WINNER, composed of Yoon, Mino, Hoony, and Jinu, made their 2018 comeback last April 4, when they released their second studio album, Everyd4y. (WATCH: K-pop group WINNER drops music video for 'Everyday')
Last May, the 4 members visited El Nido, Palawan, and even took selfies with lucky fans.
After winning a reality survival program, WINNER made their debut in 2014 as a 5-member group under YG Entertainment, the same agency of K-pop groups Big Bang, 2NE1, and BLACKPINK. Member Nam Tae-hyun left the group in 2016 and started his own band, South Club.
Check back on this page for concert details and ticket prices. – Rappler.com
CAROLINE WOZNIACKI SAYS she would be ‘very surprised' if the opponent who dumped her out of Wimbledon went ‘far' in the tournament.
Wozniacki suffered fresh Wimbledon woe as the world number two suffered a shock 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 defeat against Ekaterina Makarova in the second round on Wednesday.
Wozniacki, plagued by an invasion of flying ants during the Court One clash, saved five match points but has now failed to get past the last 16 in 12 visits to the England Club.
It was a bitter defeat for the 27-year-old Dane, who was expected to challenge for the Wimbledon title after winning her maiden Grand Slam crown at the Australian Open in January.
Wozniacki then suggested Makarova might not make a deep run at the England Club despite the Russian winning the women's doubles title in 2017.
Speaking after the shock defeat, Wozniacki is quoted by BBC Sport as saying:
“I did everything I could. It's frustrating because I feel like I could have gone and done something really great here.
“I can't even be mad at myself because I played up to the level that I can. She played above her level and really raised it and got a little lucky.
I would be very surprised if you saw her go far. But with someone playing like this today, I really did what I could. It just wasn't enough.”
Russian world number 35 Makarova, who next faces Czech world number 66 Lucie Safarova, shrugged off Wozniacki's unflattering summary of her chances.
“I don't know what to say. Yeah, maybe I was lucky today. Good for me. Thanks God!” she told WTA Insider.
Flying ants also did their best to darken Wozniacki's mood.
The former world number one asked the umpire if there was something that could be sprayed to keep the bugs away.
“They're in my mouth and in my hair and everywhere — we need to do something. Is there a spray?” she said.
“I want to be here to focus on tennis, not eating bugs.”
Wozniacki arrived in south-west London in good form on grass following her victory at the Wimbledon warm-up event in Eastbourne last week.
But once again she exits Wimbledon, leaving the grass-court Grand Slam as the only one of the four majors at which she has never reached the quarter-finals.
Makarova insisted in the aftermath of her victory that she had tried not to think about the match points slipping away.
“I couldn't win with a lot of match points, but I kept fighting and playing an aggressive game and finally it worked,” said Makarova who had led 5-1 in the final set.
“I was really nervous, because you need to win this point.
“When it was 5-5 I started thinking about those match points on my serve at 40-0.
“But I told myself ‘no, you are not going to lose this match'. I forgot it and started over.”
Makarova, playing in her 44th consecutive Slam, is hoping to emulate her run to the Wimbledon quarter-finals four years ago when she was beaten by Safarova
The 30-year-old has twice made the semi-finals at a major — both at the US Open in 2014 and 2015.
© – AFP, 2018
Additional reporting by Sinéad Farrell
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Researchers have presented the association between tumor response and health-related quality of life in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma treated with avelumab.
11th December 2017
Future Science Group (FSG) today announced the publication of an article in Future Oncology that has demonstrated in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (mMCC), non-progression during treatment with the anti-PD-L1 immunotherapy avelumab correlates with gains in health-related quality of life (HRQoL).
"MCC is a potentially devastating disease with few therapeutic options for patients until recently. The approval of avelumab and targeting the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway for patients with MCC has provided an important new option, with some patients achieving durable responses with a tolerable safety profile," the authors explained.
In this study, the researchers utilized data from the JAVELIN Merkel 200 Phase II trial. By analyzing these data, the team was able to demonstrate that the reduction of tumor size experienced under treatment with avelumab correlated with improvements in patients' health status, as measured by both generic and skin cancer-specific HRQoL instruments.
"Now we have evidence that treatment with immunotherapy, such as avelumab, may be associated with an improvement in patient quality of life that also appears to be coordinated with lack of disease progression. Our study adds new insights into an important patient-reported outcome that further supports the significance of immunotherapy in patients with MCC," the authors stated.
"MCC is a very aggressive form of skin cancer; therefore, it is surprising that there is a lack of consensus on the most effective treatment strategy", commented Commissioning Editor for Future Oncology, Rachel Jenkins. "Following on from this, immunotherapy is a key area right now so it is exciting to see that avelumab has shown promise in delaying MCC progression and improving quality of life."
The full research article is available here: http://www. futuremedicine. com/ doi/ 10. 2217/ fon-2017-0470
You can also access the full article plus related-exclusive content on Oncology Central: http://www. oncology-central. com/ 2017/ 12/ 08/ nonprogression-avelumab-treatment-associated-gains-quality-life-metastatic-merkel-cell-carcinoma/
###
About Future Oncology
Future Oncology is a MEDLINE-indexed journal, with an impact factor of 2.131. The journal covers the latest scientific and clinical issues, together with the economic and policy issues of relevance to oncologists. The journal delivers essential information in concise, at-a-glance article formats - vital in delivering information to an increasingly time-constrained community. http://www. futuremedicine. com/ journal/ fon
About Future Science Group
New York City -- An international team of astronomers has discovered an ancient and dramatic head-on collision between the Milky Way and a smaller object, dubbed the "Sausage" galaxy. The cosmic crash was a defining event in the early history of the Milky Way and reshaped the structure of our galaxy, fashioning both its inner bulge and its outer halo, the astronomers report in a series of new papers.
The astronomers propose that around 8 billion to 10 billion years ago, an unknown dwarf galaxy smashed into our own Milky Way. The dwarf did not survive the impact: It quickly fell apart, and the wreckage is now all around us.
"The collision ripped the dwarf to shreds, leaving its stars moving in very radial orbits" that are long and narrow like needles, said Vasily Belokurov of the University of Cambridge and the Center for Computational Astrophysics at the Flatiron Institute in New York City. The stars' paths take them "very close to the centre of our galaxy. This is a telltale sign that the dwarf galaxy came in on a really eccentric orbit and its fate was sealed."
The new papers in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, The Astrophysical Journal Letters and arXiv.org outline the salient features of this extraordinary event. Several of the papers were led by Cambridge graduate student GyuChul Myeong. He and colleagues used data from the European Space Agency's Gaia satellite. This spacecraft has been mapping the stellar content of our galaxy, recording the journeys of stars as they travel through the Milky Way. Thanks to Gaia, astronomers now know the positions and trajectories of our celestial neighbours with unprecedented accuracy.
The paths of the stars from the galactic merger earned them the moniker "the Gaia Sausage," explained Wyn Evans of Cambridge. "We plotted the velocities of the stars, and the sausage shape just jumped out at us. As the smaller galaxy broke up, its stars were thrown onto very radial orbits. These Sausage stars are what's left of the last major merger of the Milky Way."
The Milky Way continues to collide with other galaxies, such as the puny Sagittarius dwarf galaxy. However, the Sausage galaxy was much more massive. Its total mass in gas, stars and dark matter was more than 10 billion times the mass of our sun. When the Sausage crashed into the young Milky Way, its piercing trajectory caused a lot of mayhem. The Milky Way's disk was probably puffed up or even fractured following the impact and would have needed to regrow. And Sausage debris was scattered all around the inner parts of the Milky Way, creating the 'bulge' at the galaxy's centre and the surrounding 'stellar halo.'
Numerical simulations of the galactic mashup can reproduce these features, said Denis Erkal of the University of Surrey. In simulations run by Erkal and colleagues, stars from the Sausage galaxy enter stretched-out orbits. The orbits are further elongated by the growing Milky Way disk, which swells and becomes thicker following the collision.
Evidence of this galactic remodelling is seen in the paths of stars inherited from the dwarf galaxy, said Alis Deason of Durham University. "The Sausage stars are all turning around at about the same distance from the centre of the galaxy." These U-turns cause the density in the Milky Way's stellar halo to decrease dramatically where the stars flip directions. This discovery was especially pleasing for Deason, who predicted this orbital pileup almost five years ago. The new work explains how the stars fell into such narrow orbits in the first place.
The new research also identified at least eight large, spherical clumps of stars called globular clusters that were brought into the Milky Way by the Sausage galaxy. Small galaxies generally do not have globular clusters of their own, so the Sausage galaxy must have been big enough to host a collection of clusters.
"While there have been many dwarf satellites falling onto the Milky Way over its life, this was the largest of them all," said Sergey Koposov of Carnegie Mellon University, who has studied the kinematics of the Sausage stars and globular clusters in detail.
###
PAPERS
In http://adsabs. harvard. edu/ abs/ 2018MNRAS. 478. . 611B , the authors describe the local evidence but also outline explicitly and precisely what sort of event this was and how much debris it could contribute to the inner Milky Way halo. The researchers also analyse cosmological simulations to pin down the mass and the time of the accretion and point out that it may have produced the thick disk.
In http://adsabs. harvard. edu/ abs/ 2018arXiv180510288D , the authors point out that the deposits of stellar debris from this event have similar apocenters and are naturally responsible for the stellar halo break.
In http://adsabs. harvard. edu/ abs/ 2018arXiv180500453M , the authors demonstrate that this merger has brought a large number of globular clusters into the Milky Way, and that these stand out clearly from the rest of the galactic population.
In http://adsabs. harvard. edu/ abs/ 2018ApJ. . . 856L. . 26M , the authors point to the evidence for this merger in the distribution of actions and also highlight the existence of the large retrograde spray of debris.
In http://adsabs. harvard. edu/ abs/ 2018arXiv180407050M , the authors discuss in detail the retrograde debris and provide comparisons to a simple model of a massive merger.
ABOUT THE FLATIRON INSTITUTE
The Flatiron Institute is the research division of the Simons Foundation. Its mission is to advance scientific research through computational methods, including data analysis, modeling and simulation. The institute's Center for Computational Astrophysics creates new computational frameworks that allow scientists to analyze big astronomical datasets and to understand complex, multi-scale physics in a cosmological context.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
Rajeev Khandelwal's Prank Goes Wrong
According to Tellychakkar report, "Rajeev played a video message from an anonymous man whose face was blurred. The man in the video said that he was extremely upset with Ragini for leaving him."
Ragini Storms Out Of The Show!
"Ragini was astonished and asked Rajeev to stop the video at once. But Rajeev continued to play it and announced that it was just a prank." The prank didn't go well with the actress and she walked out the sets saying what Rajeev did on national television was not justified!
Ragini Played A Counter-prank On Rajeev!
Although Rajeev tried to persuade her to return to the show, she refused to! To Rajeev and everyone's surprise, Ragini came back and also revealed that she was playing a counter-prank on Rajeev!
Did Ragini Get Work Because She Is Govinda's Bhanji?
In the same episode, Ragini rubbished the rumours that she got work because of her uncle Govinda. She was quoted as saying, "People very easily say that I am Govinda's bhanji and things would have been easy for me to get into the industry but that's not true."
The Actress Clarifies
"He has worked very hard to get where he is today and I have not even done half as much as he has. I have heard of the times when Govinda has even walked all the way from Virar to Juhu to give auditions. But to give you a perspective, Govinda has never pulled in favours for his own children."
‘I Have Worked A Lot To Achieve My Targets'
She further added, "If people feel I got work because of him then they really need to do some research on me. I have worked a lot to achieve my targets. So, despite being Govinda's niece, I had to struggle in the industry, just the way he did years ago."
Toyota is using the Super Bowl to showcase new and experimental motorized wheelchairs and other vehicles, including a futuristic flying car.
Scroll for more content...
In a 30-second Super Bowl spot called "Mobility Anthem," Toyota briefly shows a flying car, and it's not just a "Blade Runner" special effect.
"The one we show in the ad is a prototype concept car that actually does work," said Toyota Motor spokesman Russ Koble.
He said it's a flying version of the company's compact car prototype, called the i-Road.
The ad also shows a disabled basketball player in a motorized wheelchair called the Exo-Wheel, which the company is experimenting with as a prototype.
The ad also features a man using a motorized wheelchair, called the iBot, to walk downstairs. That's a prototype that Toyota has been developing in partnership with a company called Deka. None of these are on the market yet, the company said.
The ad features people of different races, ages and abilities.
"This is an unprecedented opportunity for our team at Toyota to share messages of unity, friendship, diversity and perseverance," said Ed Laukes, group vice president of Toyota Marketing for Toyota Motor North America, in a statement.
Mobility is the theme of the ad, which has a voiceover saying, "When we're free to move, anything is possible."
Toyota has three Super Bowl ads this year. The company uses that same slogan in a one-minute spot titled "Good Odds," which tells the story of Lauren Woolstencroft, a Paralympic skier from Canada who has won ten medals, including eight gold.
The ad follows her progress from a baby born with stumps for legs and only one arm, to learning to walk, then learning to dance and ski with prosthetic limbs. The ad reveals at the end that she's an athlete in the Paralympics.
"I hope that my story encourages and inspires others around the world to pursue their passions, and reach for their own personal best," said Woolstencroft in a statement.
Related: Coca-Cola Super Bowl ad focuses on diversity
NBC is broadcasting the football game on Sunday between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles and charging advertisers more than $5 million for 30-second spots.
The Paralympics take place from March 9 to 18, after the Winter Olympics, in PyeongChang, South Korea.
Diversity is also a central theme in Super Bowl ads coming from Coca-Cola, featuring an interracial couple in a spot inspired by the iconic "Hilltop" ad from 1971.
April 3 Birchcliff Energy Ltd:
* Birchcliff Energy Ltd. announces increase in ownership by Seymour Schulich
* Seymour Schulich informed Birchcliff that he recently acquired control and direction over an additional 500,000 common shares
* Schulich now beneficially owns/controls approximately 14% of current issued and outstanding common shares of co
* Seymour Schulich acquired additional 500,000 common shares of Birchcliff at a purchase price of $7.67 per common share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sad woman. Photo credit: MikeDotta Shutterstock CNA
Denver, Colo., Dec 10, 2017 CNA/EWTN News.- This week, TIME Magazine announced a group of women and men as their collective Person of the Year.
What do these people have in common? They are what TIME called “The Silence Breakers” - people who have blown the whistle on sexual assault and abuse within the workplace, largely in the industries of film, politics, and media.
In recent months an avalanche of abuse allegations have been brought to light against powerful figures, starting most notably with a piece in the New York Times in which several women accused Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of sexual assault. This sparked a flood of men and women coming forward with other allegations of abuse against numerous people in positions of power.
“These silence breakers have started a revolution of refusal, gathering strength by the day, and in the past two months alone, their collective anger has spurred immediate and shocking results: nearly every day, CEOs have been fired, moguls toppled, icons disgraced. In some cases, criminal charges have been brought,” TIME reported.
Not long ago, the Catholic Church in the United States was reeling from its own sex abuse crisis. In the early 2000s, reporters at the Boston Globe broke the story of a former priest who was accused of molesting more than 100 boys over 30 years, which led to a large-scale uncovering of thousands more allegations of abuse in dioceses throughout the country.
Since then, the Church has taken care to provide numerous resources to such victims, and develop robust child protection policies.
Edward Mechmann, director of public policy and the safe environment office for the Archdiocese of New York, told CNA that the “silence breakers” who came forward and continue to come forward with accusations of abuse by clergy and Church personnel are key in maintaining a safe environment in the Church.
“I think the one thing we have to make sure we understand is who the whistleblowers are, and for the most part, the whistleblowers are victims,” Mechmann said.
“As much as the outside observers like the Boston Globe and the media in general contributed to our awareness of the scope of the problem, we would really be nowhere unless we had some of these courageous victims coming forward, because without them, we would have many more men in service who are victimizers,” he added.
It is especially important that victims come forward in order to protect others from abuse, he noted, because in some cases, abusers have victimized numerous people over the span many years.
Recently, the Church has seen victims coming forward “much more willingly now, because they see that we're serious, they see that we're not going to victimize them again, and they see concrete results” such as accused persons being removed from ministry, he said.
“The first and most important thing we do is we listen to them, and I can't tell you how important that is,” Mechmann said.
“So many people that come in to see us are afraid, they've been victimized, they're afraid they're going to be victimized again, and just the fact that we listen to them is just an enormously healing thing,” he said.
Besides listening to victims, Mechmann said the Church also provides support through counseling and through talking with victims about the Church's internal processes for dealing with cases of abuse.
“And we stay in contact with them, if they want to stay in contact with us, we walk with them,” he added.
Dr. Benjamin Keyes, a Catholic psychologist and Director for the Center for Trauma and Resiliency Studies at Divine Mercy University, told CNA that supporting and encouraging victims who come forward is of the utmost importance.
“There's a whole lot of relief that someone has finally heard the story...they're no longer isolated with the information, and how well they fare afterwards really depends on what happens around them,” he said. “Are they supported, are there people in their network, whether it's family, friends, or co-workers, that really understand and really support them in the courage that it takes to do this?”
Sometimes it can take months or even years for victims of abuse to break the silence on what happened to them, Keyes said, because there is usually “a lot of embarrassment, a lot of shame involved, and most people, women in particular, don't want to expose that to the public or to others, even to those who are close to (them),” he said.
The fear of retaliation or retribution is also something that can keep victims from coming forward, especially if the abuse came from someone who is in a position of power over the victim, Keyes noted.
For these reasons, victims need encouragement and support from the Church in order to feel comfortable coming forward.
“The Church can be supportive, especially in the parishes, (by) making it safe for (whistleblowers) to be who they are, by acknowledging the courage that it took for them to do that, and to be supportive vocally within the body of the Church so that people hear that the Church is supporting it,” he said.
Supporting victims also involves “making sure that they stay networked into not only the activities that they've been involved with, but that they stay networked into the body of the Church, so that they don't walk away,” he added.
The parish priest, as well as members of the parish community, are especially key in making victims feel welcomed and supported, he noted, which can be done simply by including them and befriending them.
“We're taught in the Bible to love and to love unconditionally, and this is part of that,” Keyes said.
“It's embracing the broken places and binding up the suffering and reaching out to the broken-hearted, and we're called as Christians, not just as counselors, to do that,” he added.
Since the sex abuse crisis in the Church in the United States, the bishops have put into place numerous policies and practices to protect victims, and especially children from sexual abuse, including the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops' Charter for Child and Youth Protection, which calls for an annual audit and report of all the dioceses in the country.
The Church has also implemented safe environment trainings that call for a zero-tolerance policy of abuse in Church environments.
“I think a lot of what's happening is really good,” Mechmann said, regarding the silence breakers in media and politics who have recently come forward.
“Maybe the world as a whole could learn a little bit from the way that we have handled this, in terms of creating a clear corporate culture of zero tolerance. Transparency is at the heart of what we've done, and I hope that some of these other industries can do the same.”
Replacement eyed for Ann Taylor in Westport
With Ann Taylor's closure in downtown Westport as part of a national contraction by its parent company, a replacement could be on the horizon in short order with a link to a familiar name.
Sundance, created nearly 30 years ago by actor and director Robert Redford as an apparel catalog company, is eyeing space at 97 Main St. vacated by Ann Taylor, according to a source knowledgeable with the town's retail scene, with the company not responding immediately Tuesday to a Hearst Connecticut Media query.
Sundance is notable for an unconditional guarantee of quality that some other retailers have backed away from, to include L.L Bean earlier this year.
Redford is no stranger to Westport, having performed at the Westport Country Playhouse in 2011 alongside his “Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid” co-star Paul Newman, and with Redford once owning a home himself in Weston.
Any Sundance arrival would provide a fresh boost for Westport, which has seen the recent departures of The Nike Store and Allen Edmonds among others on Main Street, but where the new Bedford Square development has helped compensate as a magnet for multiple retailers new to southwestern Connecticut, including the new Anthropologie & Co. concept store and Nic+Zoe selling women's apparel.
An Ascena spokesperson did not respond immediately Monday to a query on why the company chose to close in Westport, which has a median household income of $120,000. The Ann Taylor store is part of a retail row owned by Empire State Realty Trust extending from the vacated Nike Store to Athleta, with Main Street the only locale where Empire State Realty has stand-alone retail properties outside New York City, where it is based.
Ascena acquired Ann Inc. in August 2015, adding the Ann Taylor, Loft and Lou & Grey retail brands, with Loft having a location a few blocks from the former Ann Taylor in Westport. Other Ascena stores with multiple locations in southwestern Connecticut include Dressbarn, Justice and Lane Bryant.
Ann Taylor has remaining Connecticut locations in Danbury, New Canaan and Stamford, among others. Midway through a three-year plan targeting $300 million in cost savings by 2019, in March Ascena executives said the company has closed 400 of nearly 670 locations across its brands, including more than 100 stores between November and January as part of a “fleet optimization program” that left it with 4,600 locations entering 2018.
CEO David Jaffe expressed confidence on a March conference call that women will continue to want to shop in local stores for the ability to touch clothes and try them on, and for the social aspects of the shopping experience.
“I think the retail apocalypse is vastly overstated — I think that women's apparel may still be coming out of a little bit of a doldrums over the last number of years,” Jaffe said in March. “I think the winners are going to be the guys that deliver great product. ... Where we've had great product, we've had great success. Our challenge is to become a little more consistent in that.”
Alex.Soule@scni.com; 203-842-2545; @casoulman
× Smuggled Mexican drugs blamed for surge in local overdose deaths
SAN DIEGO — San Diego's top law enforcement officials issued a dire warning Friday about a dramatic surge in deaths and international trafficking activity related to fentanyl and its even more deadly cousin, carfentanil.
While fentanyl is 30-to-50 times more powerful than heroin, concern among law enforcement has intensified with the emergence of carfentanil, a drug 100 times stronger than fentanyl that is normally used as a sedative for animals like elephants. It takes only a few granules the size of grains of table salt to kill someone, officials said.
Officials said there has been a significant increase in fentanyl-related deaths in San Diego County since 2014, which mirrors a national trend. In the first nine months of this year, there have been 40 overdoses in San Diego, more than all of 2016.
Across the country, more than 64,000 people died as a result of opioid overdose last year, officials said.
According to authorities, more than 75 percent of fentanyl seizures across the southwest border is coming through ports of entry in the Southern District of California from Mexico.
Federal authorities, led by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and Homeland Security Investigations, confiscated 480 kilograms of illicit fentanyl at the border this year. That's more than half a ton and almost double last year's take.
Just two years ago, authorities seized 30 kilograms of fentanyl.
“This rapid increase in seizures and deaths tells us that we are on a very dangerous trajectory,” Acting U.S. Attorney Alana W. Robinson said. “There is no question that this is an epidemic with legs and it is sprinting. Every law enforcement agency in our community, whether federal, local or state, is on high alert. We will not allow San Diego and Imperial counties to serve as a Fentanyl Gateway for the rest of the country. Nor will we allow Mexican cartels to capitalize on the opiate crisis.”
Authorities said fentanyl trafficking is a very lucrative business. One kilogram of fentanyl costs about $32,000 and can be used to create a million counterfeit pills for a profit of more than $20 million.
Officials said users are ordering fentanyl from the so-called “Dark Web,” like they would order something from Amazon. The drug is being purchased online from China and sent directly to customers by mail or express delivery service in the United States, authorities said.
In addition, fentanyl is turning up in counterfeit oxycodone pills, authorities said. Federal agents in the Southern District of California have seized more than 20,000 counterfeit oxycodone pills containing fentanyl this year.
“You may think you're buying Oxy on the streets or from the web, but there's no way to know what's inside that pill,” Robinson said. “With every pill you purchase illicitly on the streets or through the web, and consume, you are gambling with your life. With every pill, you are making a potentially life- changing decision. Because if you end up with a tainted dose, you are done. You leave children behind, your parents behind, your spouses behind.”
People who need help with mental health, including alcohol or drug abuse, suicide prevention or medication needs can call the San Diego County Crisis Line at (888) 724-7240, seven days a week, 24 hours a day.
Speech to Text for West Vigo boys win at Rockville
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
row against rockville.. closing seconds of the 3rd quarter.. clay butler from just inside half court.. he's stone cold with the buzzer beater.. and that got him going.. no points in the game before that shot.. but here he is again from downtown.. butler would finish with 11 points.. but west vigo's collin salyers was on fire all game long.. he drives to the tin and lays it in.. his vikings in control.. later.. trey stoner finds salyers open.. and he knocks it down from waay back .. collin salyers scores 31 points.. a huge game for west vigo junior.. he leads his squad to a 65-52 win over rockville.. that's four in a row for the vikes. [e6]indiana state vs northern iowa-vo it's the opposite kind of streak for indiana state
Luxury Appliance Brand Serves Delectable Omnichannel Experience
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
European appliance manufacturer Gaggenau heats up American presence.
Gaggenau (Image by Gaggenau)
Just because a brand is popular in one part of the world that doesn't mean that its popularity automatically transcends to other international markets. European appliance manufacturer Gaggenau knows this firsthand. The company tried to break into the American market this past fall by debuting a pop-up restaurant that blended its rich history with modern upscale dining.
Forged in the foothills
Margrave Ludgwig Wilhelm von Baden founded the Gaggenau company in 1683 in a small village that shares its name. What started as a local hammer mill eventually evolved into a high-quality home appliance manufacturer—one that now sells everything from ovens and refrigerators to coffee machines and dishwashers.
Despite experiencing success in Europe, Gaggenau has struggled to gain popularity in the U.S.. So, it decided to enlist some help and hired branding and design firm The Lambesis Agency last year.
The elite and elusive
Chad Farmer, executive creative director and president of The Lambesis Agency, knew that Gaggenau would have to target a specific audience if it wanted to stand out in a crowded American market. So, the two organizations established a prototypical Gaggenau consumer—one who leads an epicurean lifestyle and seeks luxury experiences through entertainment, design, and culinary arts.
However, reaching this niche audience wasn't going to be easy.
“How do you build brand image and awareness amongst an audience so elite and elusive that traditional marketing tactics not only fail to prove effective, but they rarely even reach the target audience?” Farmer asked.
To attract this particular demographic, Gaggenau and The Lambesis Agency decided to create an immersive, omnichannel experience that paid homage to the manufacturer's heritage but still embodied the high-end culinary and design experiences its consumers craved. The result was a four-night, pop-up restaurant called Restaurant 1683.
A luxury, culinary experience
Restaurant 1683 debuted last September in New York and provided Gaggenau's target consumers with a truly upscale dining experience. Guests and influencers could enter the restaurant by invite only and were served food created by acclaimed chefs Daniel Humm and Bryce Shuman.
Gaggenau also worked with Munich-based architecture firm einszu33 to create an ambiance that resembled a Black Forest—a tribute to the brand's origin. The restaurant contained several rustic design elements, including trees, fire, mist, and raw wood.
“You are not creating the event for the 200 guests who dine at the restaurant,” Farmer said, “but rather the millions of people who will get a peek into the experience through the editorial partners, the restaurant microsite, social media, direct mail, email, and other brand communications.”
In terms of marketing the restaurant, Gaggenau relied on direct mail to invite consumers and influencers to the pop-up event. It also hosted an interactive website where people could take a virtual tour of the restaurant, see the menu, and watch videos about the chefs.
In addition, Gaggenau followed up guests after they visited Restaurant 1683 to help generate word of mouth. It sent post-event emails and direct mail pieces asking guests to review the experience and encouraged diners to share their thoughts via social media.
To experience is to believe
The pop-up experience generated high customer engagement. The follow-up emails produced open rates of more than 60% and click-through rates of more than 40%. Gaggenau also received an uptick in notoriety, garnering 85 million brand media impressions, a 47% increase in social media followers, and a 177% increase in content engagement.
In addition to boosting its social media presence, Gaggenau experienced an increase in brand search activity and organic search visibility. Also, microsite visitors spent, on average one to two minutes exploring the digital channel and consumed two to three pages of content.
“The Lambesis Agency helped elevate Gaggenau to an uncontestable, highly visible lifestyle brand and the authority of culinary luxury,” says Natascha Kruusi, senior marketing manager for Gaggenau. “We are excited to build on this great and successful momentum in 2017.”
While it's too late to snag a reservation at Restaurant 1683's New York establishment, consumers may be able to dine at one of the brand's satellite locations. Gaggenau intends to debut pop-up events in other U.S. cities over the next three years.
TOKYO (Sputnik) — The NHK broadcaster reported citing a military source that in 73 percent of cases, Tokyo tried to intercept Chinese aircraft and in 26 percent of cases the Air Self-Defense Force's jets took off to intercept Russia's planes.
The media outlet added that the previous record of 944 scrambles took place in the 1984 fiscal, but this fiscal year had already beaten the record despite the fact that it ends on March 31.
The number of China's jets attempting to violate the airspace of Japan at one time has also increased, the broadcaster added.
Japan and China have had a territorial dispute over the Senkaku Islands, called in Chinese the Diaoyu Islands, since the 1970s. Japan controls the territory, while China claims it. After World War II, the United States held the control of the territory and then transferred it to Japan in 1972 along with the Okinawa Island.
Russia and Japan have a long-standing territorial dispute over the Kuril Islands. Japan lays claim to Kunashir, Iturup, Shikotan islands and the Habomai group of islets. The territorial dispute has prevented Russia and Japan from signing a peace treaty after World War II.
He's a miracle worker!
Charlie Goldsmith isn't your average handsome Australian man with a television show; he's an energy healer with a very special gift — and his new show The Healer premieres on TLC Nov. 6.
“When I focus my energy on somebody's issue, often the state of that issue will rapidly change,” Goldsmith says in PEOPLE's exclusive first look at the show. “I've helped a lot of people with infections, a lot of people with viruses, with significant pain that pain killers haven't even improved.”
“I call it a gift, but the gift isn't for me, the gift is something I have to give as opposed to something I get to benefit from,” he continues. “Not one moment in my life do I wonder what my purpose is.”
“Seriously, you're like, not real,” says one young woman helped by Goldsmith in the clip, laughing.
And Goldsmith knows a lot of people will probably feel skeptical at first. In fact, that's one of his goals for the show: to bring credibility to his work.
“I don't have a clean slate, like, I've just discovered healing, and everyone's like, ‘We've never heard of that, let's check it out,' ” he says. “It's like, I've just discovered healing and everyone's going, ‘Well, that's been proven to be fraudulent.' ”
“Then I've got to go, ‘Okay, no it's not a fraud — just give me a second of your time and I'll show you it's not,” he adds.
So far, Goldsmith's got one medical doctor on his side who can attest that “something real” is going on with the healer's abilities, revealing that in a case series of about 20 patients, most saw “dramatic results.”
Over the course of the first season of The Healer, Goldsmith will even test his powers on celebrity clients like Real Housewives of Beverly Hills‘ Kyle Richards and Dirty Dancing actress Jennifer Grey, who had been suffering from chronic neck pain since she was in a car accident 30 years ago.
The Healer debuts Nov. 6 on TLC at 10 p.m. ET.
The Boston Celtics have taken advantage of quiet games from Australian duo Thon Maker and Matthew Dellavedova to beat the Milwaukee Bucks 92-87 and take a 3-2 lead in their NBA playoff series.
The Celtics shifted their Australian big man Aron Baynes from the starting lineup to the bench in Tuesday's game in Boston in favour of the athletic Semi Ojeleye, which led to the Celtics taking an early lead and controlling the rest of the game.
Maker, after stunning games in the past two wins in Milwaukee, had just two points, no blocks and fouled out while Dellavedova was scoreless after only taking two misguided three point attempts.
Friday on his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh sounded off on the release of the House Intelligence Committee FISA memo and the reactions from Democrats and the media.
Limbaugh said the much-anticipated memo was “more damning” than he expected and he said the reaction to that memo was symptomatic of the left's attitude about the role of government in daily life.
Partial transcript as follows (courtesy of RushLimbaugh.com):
Folks, it is worse. It is worse than what I thought it was going to be. If anything, the contents of this memo were underplayed. They have not been overplayed. It is astounding. Now that I know what's in this memo, you know what's even more curious to me is that the FBI and the DOJ and the swamp didn't make a greater effort to suppress this. I've been studying CNN today. CNN is the place to go to find out how the deep state, how the establishment is going to counter this.
Their only headline has been “Trump Allows [its] Release in Defiance of FBI and Justice Officials.” So CNN figures the best way to battle this is to try to position Trump as somebody refusing to listen to the professionals and the great patriots of the FBI and the Department of Justice. That's all they've got. I wonder if these people… You know, people inside the Beltway, people in the establishment, don't really have a connection outside.
They don't really have an understanding, particularly the people who voted for Trump. But they don't have an understanding of a large swath of the American public, primarily because they don't want to. There's generally a contempt, from the ruling class down — and it's illustrated by Pelosi. Look at Pelosi talking about the tax cut. “It's just crumbing.” She doesn't even know that a $2,500 and $1,000 bonus is real money to a lot of people. To her, it may be crumbs, but to sit there and act the way they did during the State of the Union speech?
Petulant. Childish. All to satisfy the lunatic fringe of their base! And then to try to blow up the burgeoning, roaring economy by saying it's peanuts and chump change, these people are not in touch with the vast majority of people in this country that make this country work. And I think that explains why a more serious effort to prevent this release was not undertaken. If these people have any idea how this is gonna be seen, perceived, how this is gonna register, there's no way they would have wanted this out.
I actually think that some of these people who have been making a big show of not wanting it out really have wanted this memo out because they think that it's gonna look bad on Trump. They think they can make Devin Nunes look like a lunatic idiot. They are totally misreading this! And it happens to people who are in high positions of power who believe that they're untouchable, who then hold in contempt people who they think are beneath them in the food chain, so to speak. So just to review. This is more damning than I expected it to be.
I thought that since we've discussed it so much and pretty much informed you everything in it, I didn't think I could be surprised. But I have been. The Steele dossier formed the essential part of the initial FISA warrant application and three subsequent renewals. All of these were warrants to spy on Carter Page, not Donald Trump. But to spy on Page means to spy where he is. If he's in Trump Tower, you surveil wherever he goes. Again, the dossier is the basis of everything, and none of it's been corroborated. None of it's real.
It's bought-and-paid-for opposition research by Hillary Clinton and her campaign. It's no different than that garbage stuff that was put out about Mitt Romney not caring about animals because he put the family dog on the top of the station wagon during family vacations. It's no different than an ad that was run claiming Romney didn't care about people because the wife of one of his employees died from cancer and Romney didn't care. It's no different than any of that sick opposition research.
It's no different than Harry Reid standing up and saying, “Friends of mine have told me that Romney hasn't paid taxes in 10 years.” This is no different! It's just as made up. It's just as absent fact. It's nothing but pure liberal Democrat opposition research politics that was dressed up in its presentation and in its creation as legitimate intelligence. I cannot emphasize enough that nothing in this dossier has been corroborated or confirmed — and I know the saying so; it's James Comey. Andrew McCabe, deputy director of the FBI, recently resigned, retired, confirmed that no FISA warrant would have been sought without the dossier.
STAYNER, Ont. — Fire officials say five people have been seriously injured after a crash between a bus carrying school children and an SUV northwest of Toronto.
The Clearview Township fire department says five people in the SUV were seriously hurt, while some of those aboard the coach bus suffered minor injuries.
It says there were 41 teens, three adult chaperones and a driver on the bus, and none of them required transport to hospital, while some were treated at the scene.
The collision occurred on Highway 26 in Stayner, Ont.
ZFS On Linux (ZOL) has finally picked up support for native encryption.Those using this out-of-tree file-system support on Linux will be pleased to learn today that the encryption code has been merged into the ZOL code-base.This support allows creating and managing natively-encrypted datasets. There have been ZOL patches going back months for encryption, via this pull request while finally today the code matured enough for merging.More technical details on this ZFS Linux encryption support via the big commit that comes in with over sixteen thousand new lines of code.
NEXT LEVEL CONTENT AWARE FILL This Photo-Reconstructing AI Is Pretty Incredible
Don't like those wrinkles? Just erase 'em and this AI developed by NVIDIA will do the rest.
EL PUBLICO in Highgate: it's cool, right? So why not create another one, slap on a different name and plop it into the hip hood of Leederville? On paper it looks good, but the catch is that it must live up to its sibling's standards, charisma and verve.
At La Vida Urbana, the mod-Mexican evening menu is similarbut paredback (unlike the flagship, it also opens for breakfast and lunch). The prices are comparable and there's the same pink neon donkey on the wall. But this cavernous four-month-old is still finding its feet.
The space resembles an empty shoebox. Bi-fold doors are rolled back so Newcastle Street's pavement feeds directly into the buffed concrete floor. Exposed ceilings that look more industrial than cool are teamed with sparse furnishings. The result? Clanging hard surfaces that, while fashionable, feel stark and shred noise levels.
Camera Icon Hibiscus Meringue vanilla cheesecake. Picture: Richard Hatherly
I visit twice because the first time, service is a train wreck and something is terribly wrong with the kitchen's veg section. Grilled asparagus spears ($14) arrive cremated. When we hand the full plate back, our waitress smiles in that “I understand your pain” kind of way and disappears. Later, we have to ask for its removal from the bill (it's deducted, with apologies).
A girl in the bathroom raves about the crisp, salty, deep-fried Brussels sprouts ($16) but our nuggets are smothered with limp rocket leaves drenched in hot chilli sauce. It's a cloying mess that borders on inedible.
Fortunately, fatty lamb riblettes ($20) are delightful. Crisp edged, sweetened with tamarind sauce and mango chunks, this is a dish worth the trouble. Kingfish swimming in spicy cucumber water ($22) tastes as fresh as it should, its raw, meaty flesh pairing beautifully with smooth honeydew.
Camera Icon STM Restaurant review La Vida Urbana 1/228 Carr Pl Leederville picture: Richard Hatherly
Skirt steak seared on the grill ($30) hits the bullseye. Its oft-tough meat is sliced into tender fingers textured with a jerky crumble. A bed of creamy white bean puree is scattered with charry green chilli and onion chunks.
A cauliflower taco ($7) sounds bland but it's a dark horse. Fried florets wrapped in a soft, house made corn tortillawith shredded cabbage and chipotle mayo is the perfect pre-movie snack. The confit pork taco with blackened pineapple ($8) competes strongly, but the fish rendition is muted. The tacos are tiny, roughly the size of your palm. A couple of blokes who order three each look crestfallen when the spread arrives.
Yet they're not as overpriced as dessert. I can't see the argument for charging $14 for a fist-sized hibiscus meringue, halved with cheesecake puree squirted in the middle. The same goes for a small, patisserie-style lemon tart crowned with lanolin-flavoured sour cream ice-cream.
So what to make of “the urban life”? First impressions team forgotten water, wine, salsa and knives with the simultaneous arrival of nibbles, shares and mains. A week later, service is attentive and charming, I get a lesson in tequila and courses are staggered. Hmm. Shall we give it the benefit of the doubt?
13/20
FLEUR'S VERDICT
Food and service are, for now, hit and miss at La Vida Urbana – I'd expected better from the offshoot of a proven operator. It's not El Publico mark 2, but it is a fitting addition to Leederville but lingers in the good, rather than great camp.
La Vida Urbana
Address: 1/228 Carr Pl, Leederville
Phone: 0439 905 777
Open: Wednesday to Friday, 11:30am to late; Saturday, 8am and Sunday, 8am to late.
Web: facebook.com/urbanaperth
Bookings: Yes, but walk-ins only for peak periods
Licenced: Yes
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh — Roshen Silva hit his maiden century as Sri Lanka reached 612-4 and a 99-run first-innings lead over Bangladesh at lunch on the fourth day of the opening test on Saturday.
After resuming on 504-3, the visitors added 109 runs in the session to surpass 600 and eclipse England's 599-6 (declared) against Bangladesh in 2010 for the highest innings total at the venue.
Silva, playing in just his second test, scored 109 to become the third batsman of the Sri Lankan innings after Kusal Mendis (196) and Dhananjaya de Silva (173) to make a century.
Silva's hundred came off 197-balls, with six boundaries and a six.
Talk about a revenge game.
According to Howard Eskin of 94WIP in Philadelphia, the defending Super Bowl champion Eagles will host the Vikings on Thursday, Sept. 6 to open the NFL season.
When #NFL schedule comes out sources tell me #Eagles will play #Vikings to open season Thursday night September 6th in Philadelphia. It's rematch of NFC Championship game. @SportsRadioWIP — Howard Eskin (@howardeskin) March 19, 2018
This, of course, is a rematch of last season's NFC Championship Game, in which the Eagles absolutely throttled the Vikings, 38-7.
A lot has change since then, and there's more to come.
Instead of Case Keenum, the Vikings' quarterback will be Kirk Cousins. Carson Wentz, who is recovering from torn knee ligaments, might be under center instead of Nick Foles, who led Philadelphia past Minnesota in January.
The Vikings will also have running back Dalvin Cook back, and who knows what else could happen over the next few months before training camp opens.
Minnesota is 13-10 all-time in the regular season against Philadelphia but 0-4 in the playoffs.
According to new research, obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) may be able to improve their health outlook with a particularly enjoyable form of therapy: regular sessions in a hot tub.
The research found that soaking in a hot tub several times per week for two months results in improved measures of cardiovascular health, beneficial changes in fat tissue and other improvements suggestive of a reduced risk of diabetes or other metabolic disorders.
PCOS, which affects one in 10 women of childbearing age, is a complex endocrine disorder often marked by abnormal menstrual cycles, high testosterone levels and cyst formation on the ovaries. It is associated with infertility along with increased risk of obesity and diabetes, outcomes that are thought to be related to inflammation and dysfunction in fat tissue.
"Our findings are exciting because repeated heat exposure appears to reverse some of the inflammation in fat that may be causing metabolic health impairment in this population," said Brett Romano Ely, a doctoral candidate in the University of Oregon department of human physiology who conducted the study. "Along with this reduction in inflammation, we observed improvements in functional outcomes related to insulin resistance. This means that regular hot tub use could potentially be used as a therapy in populations with an elevated risk of developing metabolic diseases like type 2 diabetes."
Ely will present the research at the American Physiological Society annual meeting during the 2018 Experimental Biology meeting, held April 21-25 in San Diego.
The research adds to a growing body of evidence for the health benefits of heat therapy. It is the first study to examine impacts in women with PCOS and the first to look at changes in fat tissue before and after heat therapy.
In the study, six obese women with PCOS underwent 1-hour sessions in a hot tub three to four times per week for about two months. Researchers analyzed samples of fat tissue taken at the beginning and end of the study and also tested insulin sensitivity in four of the women.
At the end of two months, the women showed reductions in fasting glucose during an oral glucose tolerance test (indicating a reduced risk of developing diabetes), reduced blood pressure and heart rate (indicating a reduced risk of heart disease) and other improvements in measures of heart health and metabolism. Surprisingly, some participants reported having regular menstrual cycles during the study, suggesting that heat could help mitigate some of the underlying physiological processes involved in PCOS.
Researchers speculate that sitting in a hot tub can yield some of the same benefits as aerobic exercise because both activities raise body temperature. This triggers an increase in the flow of blood to the skin as a cooling mechanism.
"We see blood flow patterns in subjects in the hot tub that look like what we see in subjects during aerobic exercise, so this change in blood flow may have a similar benefit to exercise on blood vessel health," Ely said.
In addition, heat exposure causes the body to increase proteins known as heat shock proteins, which are involved in reducing inflammation, repairing damaged insulin receptors and improving blood vessel structure and function. The researchers found levels of some heat shock proteins were increased in fat tissue after the heat therapy, indicating that these proteins could play a role in the reduced inflammation and improved insulin sensitivity they observed in the women.
While the researchers saw some improvements after the first month of regular hot tub use, most improvements took the full two months to become apparent.
Brett Romano Ely will present this research on Tuesday, April 24, from 10 a.m.-noon in the San Diego Convention Center Exhibit Hall (poster A161) (abstract). Contact the media team for more information or to obtain a free press pass to attend the meeting.
###
About Experimental Biology 2018
Experimental Biology is an annual meeting that attracts more than 14,000 scientists and exhibitors from five host societies and more than two dozen guest societies. With a mission to share the newest scientific concepts and research findings shaping clinical advances, the meeting offers an unparalleled opportunity for exchange among scientists from across the U.S. and the world who represent dozens of scientific areas, from laboratory to translational to clinical research. http://www. experimentalbiology. org #expbio
About the American Physiological Society (APS)
APS is a nonprofit organization devoted to fostering education, scientific research and dissemination of information in the physiological sciences. The Society was founded in 1887 and today represents more than 10,500 members and publishes 14 peer-reviewed journals. http://www. the-aps. org
Hey, procrastinators: Don't freak out if you haven't finished your taxes. The IRS is giving you a reprieve until Tuesday.
The usual April 15 deadline falls on Saturday this year. That would normally push the deadline to Monday. However, Monday is a holiday, so by law, the filing deadline is extended until Tuesday.
Monday is Emancipation Day in the District of Columbia. It marks the day in 1862 in which 3,100 slaves living in Washington were freed.
All the states that usually have an April 15 deadline have delayed their filing date as well. A handful of states has later deadlines.
The IRS has already processed 101 million individual returns and has issued $229 billion in refunds. The average refund is $2,851.
The tax agency said Thursday that nearly 40 million taxpayers have yet to file their returns. Taxpayers can request an automatic six-month extension.
But there is no extension for paying your tax bill. If you owe additional taxes, they are still due Tuesday.
“With the tax deadline approaching, taxpayers shouldn't panic. The IRS has many options available to help people as they finalize their tax returns or if they need to get extra time to file,” said IRS Commissioner John Koskinen.
As last-minute filers rush to finish their taxes, their chances of getting audited have rarely been lower.
The number of people audited by the IRS in 2016 dropped for the sixth straight year, to just over 1 million. The last time so few people were audited was 2004. Since then, the U.S. has added about 30 million people.
The IRS blames budget cuts as money for the agency shrank from $12.2 billion in 2010 to $11.2 billion last year.
Over that period, the agency has lost more than 17,000 employees, including nearly 7,000 enforcement agents. About 80,000 people work at the IRS.
In 2016, the number of people audited by the IRS dropped by 16 percent from the year before. Just 0.7 percent of individuals were audited, either in person or by mail. That's the lowest audit rate since 2003.
The higher your income, the more likely you are to be audited. The IRS audited 1.7 percent of returns that reported more than $200,000 in income. Agents audited 5.8 percent of returns that reported more than $1 million in income.
Both audit rates were steep declines from the year before.
Comments
comments
Microbiome differences between cesarean- and vaginally born babies are most likely caused by antibiotics given to mothers delivering by C-section rather than lack of exposure to vaginal microbes at birth
The increasingly popular practice of 'vaginal seeding' -- in which cesarean-delivered babies are immediately swabbed with the mother's vaginal fluids -- is declared unjustified and potentially unsafe in a new critical review of scientific literature. Differences between the bacteria and other microorganisms (microbiome) in cesarean- and vaginally born babies are thought to account for the greater risk of health problems suffered by cesarean-born babies in later life. However as outlined in the study, published in Frontiers in Medicine, this difference is most likely caused by antibiotics administered to mothers delivering by C-section rather than not being exposure to vaginal microbes. Breastfeeding duration, maternal obesity and age at birth can also account for microbiome differences.
"After reviewing the scientific evidence, we find no support for the 'bacterial baptism' hypothesis," says Lisa Stinson, who completed this analysis at the Division of Obstetrics and Gynecology, The University of Western Australia. "While we know that cesarean delivery impacts the infant microbiome, it's very unlikely these differences are caused by a lack of exposure to vaginal microbes at birth."
Babies born by cesarean section are at greater risk of suffering from asthma, allergies, autoimmune disorders and obesity in later life, which in turn have been related to differences in a baby's microbiome -- the microorganisms associated with its skin, mouth, nose and gut.
"My research involves working with a lot of mothers who are delivering by C-section and some mothers show an interest in vaginal seeding after reading about it on the internet. Understandably, they want to give their babies the best start in life and on the surface this practice makes sense," Stinson explains. "But there are certain risks, such as unintentionally transferring dangerous bacteria or viruses to the newborn, so we wanted to find out if these risks were justified."
Stinson performed a thorough review of research detailing bacterial populations associated with newborns, how these change from when the baby is born, and whether there were differences associated with the mode of delivery or other factors such as antibiotic administration, breastfeeding and age at birth.
The story that emerged was complex: It's not just as simple as passing through a vagina or not.
"If passage through the vagina seeded babies with vaginal bacteria, we would expect to find these bacteria in babies born this way, but this is not the case. Microbes thrown out of balance in babies born by C-section are very similar to those thrown off balance in babies born to mothers receiving antibiotics but delivering vaginally. It is likely that routine antibiotic administration given to mothers delivering by C-section is a major underlying problem," explains Stinson.
"Mothers delivering by c-section are also more likely to be obese, have less breastfeeding success and give birth at an earlier gestational age, which can also account for differences in bacterial populations."
Stinson found only one study had evaluated vaginal seeding -- and this had failed to prove the effectiveness of the practice.
"Our review is useful to new mothers who are concerned about delivering by cesarean section. Hopefully it will make them think twice about vaginal seeding, a process that can potentially introduce dangerous infections. It is also useful for clinicians, as they can show there is a lack evidence to support this practice."
Stinson hopes that future research will find ways to intervene early in life or even before birth, to optimize the development of good bacteria in newborns.
"Early life is a critical time for the development of our microbiomes and it can have long-lasting effects on our health. I'm looking forward to larger and more robust studies of the fetal and newborn microbiomes. We may yet find ways to manage our microbiomes for life-long health."
###
Please include a link to the original research in your reporting: https:/ / www. frontiersin. org/ articles/ 10. 3389/ fmed. 2018. 00135/ full
Lisa Stinson's work is partially funded by the Women's and Infants' Research Foundation
Gabrielle Union plays a hard-hitting news anchor in BET's Being Mary Jane, and in her upcoming book, We're Going To Need More Wine: Stories That Are Funny, Complicated, and True, she'll reveal how fierce (and funny) she's had to be in her own life.
“Throughout my life, I've often wondered aloud ‘How the hell did I end up here? Why me?' ” the 44-year-old actress said. “Not sure I've ever found all the answers to those questions, but in this book I share my journey … the good, the bad, and the WTF. You will definitely need more wine for this one.”
PEOPLE has the exclusive cover reveal for the book, which will be released in October and is formatted as a series of essays. It will feature personal stories and reflections on a range of topics that continue to define the contemporary landscape: sexuality, womanhood, friendship, race, marriage, and beauty. These aren't surprising topics for Union, who recently spoke out in support of Planned Parenthood and is forthright about her relationship with her husband, NBA star Dwyane Wade.
“Reading Gabrielle Union's writing is like spending time with that friend who asks the tough questions, makes you examine your own choices, tells tales on herself and makes you laugh until your stomach hurts,” said Carrie Thornton, editorial director of Dey Street Books, the imprint handling the book.
FROM COINAGE: Jay-Z & Beyonce: All the Ways J and Bey Get Paid
For fans, the book promises the same candidness and humor that made Union a star in the first place, and offers her personal take on what it means to be a “modern woman.”
We're Going To Need More Wine will be released on Oct. 17.
A new report published by Transparency Market Research (TMR) presents an in-depth insight into the global amorphous polyalphaolefin (APAO) for hot melt market. The report, titled “Amorphous Polyalphaolefin (APAO) for Hot Melt (Homopolymers and Copolymers) Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2015 – 2023”, is available for sale on the company's website. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the global amorphous polyalphaolefin (APAO) market.
Read Report Overview @
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/amorphous-polyalphaolefin-market.html
The report states that the global amorphous polyalphaolefin (APAO) market for hot melt was estimated at US$192.1 mn in 2014 and is expected to be worth US$328.6 mn by 2023, growing at a CAGR of 6.2% between 2015 and 2023.
APAO for hot melt adhesives is extensively used for making formulations of adhesives. Therefore, this fairly new class of raw materials is used in industries such as bookbinding, personal hygiene, paper and packaging, product assembly, woodworking, textiles, wires and cables, footwear, asphalt modifiers, and electronics.
According to research analysts, the paper and packaging industry has been the largest consumer of APAO for hot melt adhesives in 2014. However, the report suggests that the personal care industry will be the next big thing in the global amorphous polyalphaolefin (APAO) market for hot melt. The growing automobile industry is expected to offer huge opportunities to the global amorphous polyalphaolefin (APAO) market. In the coming years, the product assembly segment will contribute generous revenue to this market, as a variety of adhesives are used in hotline fixing of car seats, panel laminations, and headlamp assemblies. The only challenge for this market is the fluctuating prices of raw materials. However, this market might have a good chance to expand its horizons if major players try to blend APAO with resins, tackifiers, and wax. Such blending also helps in improving the hot melt properties and process abilities of final adhesives.
Amongst the products, the copolymers segment dominated the global APAO market for hot melt in 2014, in terms of volume. Analysts predict this segment is expected to witness huge growth in the near future, as copolymers offer the greatest strength. Furthermore, the polypropylene-based homopolymers segment is likely to grow at a sturdy rate, but one below the growth rate of the overall market.
Request to view Sample Report:
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=5996
As of 2014, the global APAO market for hot melt was consolidated in nature, with the top five players holding a 60% share. Some of the important players in the global APAO for hot melt market are Evonik Industries AG, Huntsman Corporation, Henkel AG & Company KGaA, Eastman Chemical Company, H.B. Fuller, Bostik S.A., and REXtac, LLC.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
It has been a mixed start to the New Year for Liverpool, and now they face another tough challenge as Tottenham visit Anfield on Sunday.
The Reds bounced back from two consecutive defeats to win 3-0 at Huddersfield Town on Tuesday. The result came after defeats to Swansea City and West Bromwich Albion in the league and FA Cup respectively.
Following the win during the midweek, the Reds moved back into the third spot as Chelsea lost at home to Bournemouth. The Reds are currently placed third with 50 points, but Tottenham are not far behind in the fifth spot with 48 points.
Spurs claimed a morale-boosting 2-0 home win over Manchester United on Wednesday, and they are unbeaten in their last seven games. The North London side can climb above the Reds into the top four with a win on Sunday.
However, the Reds have been quite impressive against the top sides under Jurgen Klopp, and we don't see them losing against Spurs at Anfield. Klopp's Reds are unbeaten in their last 12 Premier League meetings against other top-six sides. They are also the only side to have defeated Manchester City this season.
Earlier this season, Spurs registered an emphatic 4-1 win over the Reds at Wembley Stadium.
Liverpool vs Tottenham Hotspur – Match Facts
The Reds are undefeated in their last 14 home games at Anfield in Premier League.
The Reds have lost only three games in the league this season – second lowest in the league.
Liverpool have lost only one of their last seven meetings with Tottenham. 3W 3D 1L
Liverpool vs Tottenham Hotspur – Team News
The hosts will be without Nathaniel Clyne, and both Adam Lallana and Ragnar Klavan are doubts for the game.
Spurs have a fully-fit squad ahead of the game.
Liverpool vs Tottenham Hotspur – Match Odds
The Reds are favourites to win at Anfield, and they are available at their best odds of 11/10 at BetVictor. Spurs are available at 13/5 odds at Bet365.
This game is a tough one to call, and we are going for a draw as our prediction. This outcome is available at 11/4 odds at Bet365.
Liverpool vs Tottenham Hotspur – Correct Score Odds
A 1-1 draw is the most likely result in the betting market at 7/1 odds at William Hill. However, we are going for a 2-2 draw as our prediction at the best odds of 12/1 at the same bookmaker.
Liverpool vs Tottenham Hotspur – Anytime Goalscorer Odds
The game on Sunday will feature league's top two goalscorers in Harry Kane and Mohamed Salah. Both players are available at 13/10 odds at Coral. We are backing Salah as our prediction in this game.
For the hosts, Roberto Firmino is available at 28/17 odds at Unibet. Son Heung-Min is a good option for the visitors at 3/1 odds at Betfred.
Liverpool vs Tottenham Hotspur – Total Goals Over/Under Odds
Seven of Liverpool's last eight games have ended with more than 2.5 goals. Thus, it makes sense to back over 2.5 goals as our prediction in this market. This bet is available at its best odds of 4/6 at Betfair.
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
For much of its first two billion years, Earth was a very different place: oxygen was scarce, microbial life ruled, and the sun was significantly dimmer than it is today. Yet the rock record shows that vast seas covered much of the early Earth under the faint young sun.
Scientists have long debated what kept those seas from freezing. A popular theory is that potent gases such as methane -- with many times more warming power than carbon dioxide -- created a thicker greenhouse atmosphere than required to keep water liquid today.
In the absence of oxygen, iron built up in ancient oceans. Under the right chemical and biological processes, this iron rusted out of seawater and cycled many times through a complex loop, or "ferrous wheel." Some microbes could "breathe" this rust in order to outcompete others, such as those that made methane. When rust was plentiful, an "iron curtain" may have suppressed methane emissions.
"The ancestors of modern methane-making and rust-breathing microbes may have long battled for dominance in habitats largely governed by iron chemistry," said Marcus Bray, a biology Ph.D. candidate in the laboratory of Jennifer Glass, assistant professor in the Georgia Institute of Technology's School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences and principal investigator of the study funded by NASA's Exobiology and Evolutionary Biology Program. The research was reported in the journal Geobiology on April 17, 2017.
Using mud pulled from the bottom of a tropical lake, researchers at Georgia Tech gained a new grasp of how ancient microbes made methane despite this "iron curtain."
Collaborator Sean Crowe, an assistant professor at the University of British Columbia, collected mud from the depths of Indonesia's Lake Matano, an anoxic iron-rich ecosystem that uniquely mimics early oceans. Bray placed the mud into tiny incubators simulating early Earth conditions, and tracked microbial diversity and methane emissions over a period of 500 days. Minimal methane was formed when rust was added; without rust, microbes kept making methane through multiple dilutions.
Extrapolating these findings to the past, the team concluded that methane production could have persisted in rust-free patches of ancient seas. Unlike the situation in today's well-aerated oceans, where most natural gas produced on the seafloor is consumed before it can reach the surface, most of this ancient methane would have escaped to the atmosphere to trap heat from the early sun.
###
In addition to those already mentioned, the research team included Georgia Tech professors Frank Stewart and Tom DiChristina, Georgia Tech postdoctoral scholars Jieying Wu and Cecilia Kretz, Georgia Tech Ph.D. candidate Keaton Belli, Georgia Tech M.S. student Ben Reed, University of British Columbia postdoctoral scholar Rachel Simister, Indonesian Institute of Sciences researcher Cynthia Henny, Skidaway Institute of Oceanography professor Jay Brandes, and University of Kansas professor David Fowle.
This research was funded by NASA Exobiology grant NNX14AJ87G. Support was also provided by a Center for Dark Energy Biosphere Investigations (NSF-CDEBI OCE-0939564) small research grant, and by the NASA Astrobiology Institute (NNA15BB03A). Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the sponsoring organizations.
Do's and don'ts of hiring millennials
Much has been said over the last few years about the millennial workers entering the workplace and how this generation is going to redefine and reshape the workplace of the future.
But is this getting organisations in a panic over changing their hiring policies and practices?
According to Michelle Baron-Williamson, Executive of Managed Integrity Evaluation (MIE): “To keep up with the rapidly growing number of millennials entering the workplace, this has caused some organisations to ‘panic' and try to reshuffle their existing workforce to make space for this millennial worker.
“Of course, companies should examine ways to leverage this new talent and focus on investing in hiring more skilled millennials to populate their workforce. However, this should not come at the expense of HR practices that are crucial to protecting the organisation – which I believe is happening.”
Research from PwC notes that millennials already form 25% of the workforce in the US and account for over half of the population in India. In South Africa, alternative research notes that there are approximately 19,5-million millennials in the country. PwC's research states that, by 2020, millennials will form 50% of the global workforce.
“The millennial-worker movement forms part of normal evolutionary shifts of society – where, as one generation moves out of the workplace another moves in,” adds Baron-Williamson. “However, the fast-paced growth of this movement, has largely been spurred by the urgency of each wave of the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
“As markets increasingly move into a more digital era, there is a multitude of diverse and digital technologies that organisations are looking to adapt to, and adopt. And what has become clear is that as organisations look to roll out their own digital transformation strategies – having a strong digitally inclined workforce is key to succeeding and remaining competitive.”
Millennials have grown up with technology at their fingertips and being exposed to all things connected. Their diverse understanding of the digital realm and innovative way of thinking is a unique opportunity that organisations can leverage and therefore need to capitalise on. However, the research also noted that millennials tend to be uncomfortable with rigid corporate structures.
Baron-Williamson indicates that where organisations are panicked over potentially losing talent, many are either ignoring or adjusting their HR policies and structures to accommodate this new generation worker. But, that this approach in effect increases risks to the organisation associated with hiring an inappropriate candidate.
“HR processes, no matter which generation, should remain stringent. Aspects such as background screening checks must be incorporated. In fact, the need to assess whether a candidate is right for the organisation and the job available, is more prevalent than ever, especially in an economy where job opportunities are not plentiful,” says Baron-Williamson.
South Africa's unemployment rate remains alarmingly high at 26.7%; which means there is a much larger number of people – across generations – competing for limited available job positions. Desperation and the anxiety experienced when looking for meaningful employment opportunities in a tougher economic environment can unfortunately result in an increase in job-seekers not being truthful about their professional, criminal and academic histories.
Baron-Williamson suggests that there are a number of other approaches that should be considered and incorporated into an organisations hiring strategy to attract top millennial talent. Examples of these may include – but not be limited to – adopting social media as key tools in recruitment efforts, placing increased focus on culture-fit and that the organisation exuberates a healthy culture, and offering professional development. It's also important to review onboarding programmes, to ensure these are supported by powerful technology and are in tune with the organisation's digital transformation strategy.
“While millennials do form a key cornerstone of the future business workforce and therefore should be considered when growing a business's talent team, the HR process in hiring millennials should not change based on this new generation of worker. Conducting comprehensive background checks remains paramount to HR practices; to enable the organisation to make intelligent personnel decisions,” concludes Baron-Williamson.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
"I received an email from one of his best friends saying they had seen the video and heard the song and the message was "good work," says Berner.
From "The Ghost of Terry Fox" to "Prairie Wind" and "Super Subtle Folk Song," Berner's accordion accompaniment is accented with Diona Davies' violin (Po Girl) and Paul Rigby's guitar and pedal steel for a powerful sonic squeeze box and string twang.
"Don't Play Cards For Money with Corby Lund" is an amusing true life account of Berner watching old tour mate/ace poker player Corb Lund (Corb Lund and The Hurtin' Albertans) take various players for money while they were on the road.
"So I know enough about poker not to play for money with anybody," says Berner with a huge laugh.
"My Heart is a Piece of Garbage" is another departure for Berner, with an angry but profoundly sad atmospheric yet dark, ethereal accordion/string sound.
"I often think of this song as the official anthem for the city of Calgary," he notes. "It describes the feeling of being in Calgary and feeling a kind of fear of the overarching Calgary culture that you get when you there. It's a morally dark place and the centre of our oil industry. The vibe in that song seems like a perfect description of Calgary. So this fits right in with the other ones on the album," he adds.
Album finale "Rule of the Road" (With Apologies) sounds like something from Berner's darkly funny novel "Festival Man" about so-called "maverick" music manager Campbell Ouiniette — a mess everywhere in his life!
"Canadiana Grotesquica" is being released in conjunction with Berner's second novel, "The Fiddler Is a Good Woman," with the main character's initials, DD.
Is this longtime pal/violinist Diona Davies, perchance?
"My official stance is that the whole book is just made up," states Berner cheekily. "It is just fiction and there is nobody real in it at all. I am going to stick with my official line on that. ("Festival Man" anti-hero) Campbell Ouiniette is also a fictional character but if he were based on somebody he was based on somebody else — a different figure," adds Berner.
"I am writing a trilogy. "Festival Man" was about the film-flam music manager type figure and the smoke-and-mirrors nature of the music business," he explains. "Fiddler" is about what they call the sideman — the players who play the songs and what it means to be one of the great players that truly live in the moment. They bring you into the song with the way they play. It's about what the cost of that can be personally," adds Berner with another laugh. "The third book will be about the singer-songwriter figure — the kind of absent-minded, somewhat loony people who make up the songs because there certainly are a lot of personality elements that I see and common traits in these figures. I have already started compiling that," says Berner, adding that a download code for "Canadiana Grotesquica" will also be included with "Fiddler" on this world tour with Vancouver singer/multi-instrumentalist and fellow author Rae Spoon. "I will let people thumb through the book at the merch table and see what they think."
Geoff Berner with Rae Spoon
"Canadiana Grotesquica" Album Launch and Book Tour
Army, Navy and Air Force Veterans Club
32 Gordon St., Guelph
519-822-0380
Wednesday, Oct. 18
$12, 19+
www.geoffberner.com
http://musiclives.ca/event/kazoo-264-rae-spoon-geoff-berner
CHICAGO--A new study finds children born to mothers who had a larger waist size before pregnancy may be more likely to have autism than those whose mothers had a smaller pre-pregnancy waist. The research results will be presented Monday, March 19, at ENDO 2018, the 100th annual meeting of the Endocrine Society in Chicago, Ill.
"Children born to mothers with a waist of 80 centimeters (31 ½ inches) or more before pregnancy showed a 65 percent increase in the risk of autism than those born to a mother with a smaller waist," said lead author Geum Joon Cho, M.D., Ph.D., visiting scholar in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology at the Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University in Chicago, Ill., and associate professor in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Korea University College of Medicine, Seoul, Republic of Korea.
"It is assumed there are multiple factors that cause autism, both inherited and environmental," Cho said. "Of the environmental risk factors, emerging evidence has linked maternal pre-pregnancy obesity to the risk of autism in offspring. However, other studies have reported no associations between the two conditions. We wanted to investigate this association further."
Previous studies that investigated the association between a mother's obesity and her child's autism used body mass index (BMI) as an indication of body fat mass, Cho said. "However, BMI is based on weight and does not differentiate between fat mass and lean mass," he said. Waist circumference is the best way to measure visceral fat -- body fat that is stored within the abdominal cavity and is therefore stored around a number of important internal organs such as the liver, pancreas and intestines.
The researchers reviewed data for 36,451 mothers who delivered a single live infant between 2007 and 2008 and underwent a National Health Screening Examination within one year of their pregnancy. The babies were followed up through 2015 to see if they developed autism. The researchers found 265 (0.76%) in the study had been diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder.
While maternal obesity, as defined by a waist circumference of 80 centimeters or more, increased the odds of autism by 65 percent, obesity defined by BMI alone was not associated with an increased risk of autism.
Cho said inflammation may play a key role in the link between obesity and autism. "Both intrauterine inflammation and fetal brain inflammation are implicated in the development of autism," Cho said. "As obesity increases, circulating immune system proteins called inflammatory cytokines in pregnant women and the inflammation associated with maternal obesity may be related to the development of autism. Waist circumference, as a measure of central obesity, is associated with an increase in inflammatory cytokines, which is known to be involved in the development of autism."
"The findings suggest the need for clinicians to monitor for maternal obesity, based on waist circumference, to minimize the risk of development of autism spectrum disorder in offspring," Cho said. "Further studies are needed to evaluate whether altering maternal waist circumference would lessen the risk of the development of autism in offspring."
###
Endocrinologists are at the core of solving the most pressing health problems of our time, from diabetes and obesity to infertility, bone health, and hormone-related cancers. The Endocrine Society is the world's oldest and largest organization of scientists devoted to hormone research and physicians who care for people with hormone-related conditions.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The memo released by Republicans in the US House of Representatives regarding alleged abuses committed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the Department of Justice (DOJ) within the Russian probe has "destroyed trust" in the intelligence community, former FBI Director James Comey said.
"That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA [Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act] court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs," Comey wrote on Twitter on Friday.
That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs. — James Comey (@Comey) 2 февраля 2018 г.
On Wednesday, FBI said in a statement that the bureau had serious concerns about the accuracy of the Republican-drafted memorandum.
© AP Photo/ J. Scott Applewhite Top US Democrats Demand Removal of House Intel Chair for Altering FBI Memo
Efforts to release the memo also sparked opposition from Democrats in Congress, who called it an effort to distract attention from a Justice Department probe of Russian attempts to influence the election.
The memo, which was released on Friday, accuses FBI and Justice Department officials of political bias against President Donald Trump in their investigation of Russian alleged interference in the 2016 presidential election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign. According to the memo, FBI and DOJ staff also abused surveillance laws in the investigation of Trump campaign.
READ MORE: Senator McCain Slams Trump for Attacking FBI, Justice Dept Amid Russian Probe
The US Congress is currently investigating Russia's alleged meddling in the 2016 US election and collusion between Trump's campaign team and the Kremlin. Another investigation into the purported interference is being conducted by the FBI and the Department of Justice under Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
In May, Trump fired Comey over the poor handling of the investigation into the Hillary Clinton private server and email scandal. However, many believe that the decision is connected with the probe into alleged ties to Trump's campaign team to Russia, as Comey reportedly was seeking funding to extend the bureau's inquiry. Kremlin, as well as the White House have repeatedly refuted these allegations.
A warehouse worker reaches for a high shelf, a wristband wrapped around each arm. The company-issued wearables track the location of every product the employee handles while occasionally vibrating to guide their movements.
Scroll for more content...
The scene is just a drawing from a pair of patents Amazon won for tracking wristbands. The gadgets aren't in use in any of Amazon's fulfillment centers, but news that Amazon has considered wearables has raised concerns about workplace surveillance.
Amazon wouldn't say if technology based on the patents was in development or being manufactured. The patents were published Wednesday, though Amazon first submitted them two years ago.
If such a system were to be implemented, it could further strain the company's relationships with its workers.
"It could impact employee anxiety, morale and overall work culture," said Kate Bischoff, owner of tHRive, an employment law and HR consulting firm.
Amazon warehouse employees have complained of difficult working conditions for years. Issues raised include intense pressure to reach goals and work faster, strictly enforced rules, short breaks, low morale, and physically demanding work for low pay.
Related: Inside Amazon Go: the store of the future
In the patent descriptions, the tracking devices are carefully described as a way to collect data about inventory, not individual employees. They would use ultrasonic pulses - pitches too high for human ears to detect - to connect with inventory modules on bins to track a worker's hands. Vibrations would communicate information to the wearer, such as alerting someone when they put something in the wrong bin.
The system could simplify the current warehouse workflows. Amazon has its "pickers" stand in front of shelves and move items into bins, tracking each with a handheld barcode scanner.
Any wearable could collect a lot of personal information about an employee, even unintentionally. They could gather detailed information about a worker's every move - when they go to the restroom, if they slow down at certain times of day, how often they stop and rest.
"It's always really helpful to know those productivity numbers and know how fast people work," said Bischoff. "But to get it on such a granular level by employee - that's going to create mass anxiety and it's going to make it difficult to hire and retain employees."
There is also the potential for gathering information that could put the employer at risk, said Bischoff.
In theory, a company could fire a worker if their wearable found they were performing tasks slower than co-workers. If the issue was cased by an on-the-job injury or existing disability, the company could end up breaking federal and state laws.
Making employment decisions based on any collected biometric data could violate the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act.
"I understand some employees might embrace it in a physically demanding position if you would help them do their jobs more efficiently with less effort. But at this point in time, I have more questions than answers about how it will be used," said Paula Brantner, senior advisor at Workplace Fairness, an employee rights organization.
Last summer, a Wisconsin technology company, Three Square Market, said more than 50 employees agreed to receive microchip implants to get through secure doors and purchase food. The concept sparked some backlash.
Amazon warehouse workers have so far been unable to unionize. If they were in a union, workers would likely be able to bargain over the use of any proposed surveillance technology.
Some states like Connecticut have laws that restrict employee surveillance or require companies to notify employees of any monitoring.
Amazon is constantly trying out new innovation and technology at its warehouses. It has already successfully automated large amounts of traditionally human tasks with its custom robots.
With or without the wearable devices, the company's warehouses will likely introduce other high-tech ways to increase productivity. Perhaps using more robots, who don't mind surveillance.
An investigation has been launched after a man was found with unexplained head injuries in St Helens town centre.
The male, believed to be in his 20s, was found by a police patrol found the male on Hall Street at 5.15am yesterday (Sunday).
He has been taken to hospital for treatment for his injuries, which at this stage are not believed to be life threatening.
At this stage it is not clear what caused the injuries and an investigation is underway.
Officers are appealing for anyone who was in the vicinity of Hall Street who may have information which could assist the investigation to get in touch.
Detective Inspector Richie Jones said: “Officers on patrol found the male on the pavement. At this stage it is not clear whether the man's injuries are as a result of a fall or an assault.
“CCTV enquiries are ongoing in the local area and I would appeal to anyone who may have information to contact officers as soon as possible.”
Anyone with information is asked to contact Merseyside Police on 0151 777 6192 or the Crimestoppers line anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Wednesday on MSNBC's “All In,” Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) declared to be the country getting to a point where people will either “have to stand up and resist this president” or “go down with him.”
When asked about impeachment, Waters said, “I'm with the 70 percent. Seventy percent of Democrats who have been polled say that they think that he should be impeached. I'm with the 70 percent. I understand the reticence of my colleagues and the Democratic leadership who say don't feed the notion that is being presented by the Republicans—that say that all they want to do is impeach the president because they're mad about the fact they lost the election. I get that, and I understand why that would cause them to not want to talk about it. But I just don't have those fears. At some point in time, we have to deal with reality. We have to deal with some truths. And we have to deal with some facts.”
She continued, “I know that people are saying we've got to wait and we've got see what our special counsel will come up with. I get that. And I believe that we need facts in order to move forward. But the discussion must take place. We must not allow the president of the United States of America, who has this is relationship with the country who hates us and has undermined us and who has undermined our democracy, to not be talked about, to not be discussed, to not be talked about—the reticence of our members to deal with it. I just will continue to talk about it. I think it is dangerous. I think that we should stand up for our country. This president has no respect for the Constitution. He's in bed with Putin and the oligarchs of Russia and the Kremlin, and it's come out already. So let the special counsel keep doing what he's doing in order to connect the dots for those people who say we need the positive proof, and I think we're going to get to the point where people are either going to have to stand up and resist this president and talk about he's dangerous for our democracy or they're going to go down with him.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
[India], May 31 (ANI): The counting of votes in Karnataka's Rajarajeshwari Nagar Assembly constituency election has begun on Thursday.
Tight security arrangements have been made to ensure safe and fair counting.
RR Nagar recorded around 53 percent voter turnout in all 471 polling stations on May 28.
Earlier, the constituency was scheduled to go to polls on May 12 with 222 other constituencies of Karnataka but was postponed in light of the alleged fake voter ID scam. Hence, the elections in the constituency were conducted on May 28.
A total of 14 candidates are in the fray in the constituency. Contesting for the seat are Munirathna from Congress, BJP's Muniraju Gowda, Janata Dal (Secular) candidate G. H. Ramachandra and 11 other candidates. Before the May 12 polling for Karnataka assembly polls, 9,746 voter ID cards were found from a flat in SLV Park View Apartment in Bengaluru's Jalahalli locality by Election Commission (EC) officials on May 8. Following the recovery of the voter IDs, a political slugfest had broken out between the Congress and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), both accusing each other of being involved in the scam. Taking the decision, the Election Commission (EC) countermanded the polling in the constituency. The Janata Dal (Secular) has not fielded their candidate from this constituency and supported Congress candidate Munirathna. (ANI)
Two bodies were found in Indiana during a search for two missing girls on Tuesday, PEOPLE confirms.
A spokesman for the Carroll County Sheriff's Department would not confirm if the bodies discovered were identified those of missing 13-year-olds Liberty German and Abigail Williams.
The bodies were found Tuesday at about 12:15 p.m. and the case is an ongoing investigation, the spokesman tells PEOPLE.
“We are investigating this as a crime scene,” Indiana State Police Sgt. Kim Riley said at a press conference shortly after 2 p.m. Tuesday, according to the IndyStar. “We suspect foul play.”
Fox 59, a local news station, reports that police have not called off the search for German and Williams.
The girls were determined to be missing on Monday, hours after they had been dropped off to go hiking earlier that day, according to the Associated Press.
The AP reports that the bodies were found Tuesday on the edge of a creek near an abandoned railroad bridge where German and Williams were dropped off.
TEL AVIV — Amidst what appears to be the death throes of the Islamic State in Syria, the group's propagandists have released undated photos purportedly from the district of Damascus in Syria claiming to show everyday life in the quickly dwindling caliphate.
Police inspectors from the group can be seen in the photos patrolling the various markets in territories under the global terrorist group's control. The inspectors are pictured checking the expiration dates of the products for sale and appearing to scold young men who dared to shave their beards in violation of IS regulations.
advertisement
IS policemen can also be seen whipping a resident accused of smoking a cigarette, which is against the law in the caliphate, where the selling of cigarettes is strictly forbidden. These basic crimes normally meet with light punishment, but that's where IS tolerance ends.
Heavier punishments begin with cases like the episode seen in the photos in which a young man is caught stealing. The man's hand is cut off in front of an audience.
Lashes from a whip are meted out to another individual accused of having non-marital sex, according to IS descriptions of the photos.
The most severe of the punishments seen in the photos is the execution of a man accused of abandoning Islam and another picture of a man who supposedly performed homosexual acts being thrown off a roof.
Commission to examine college funding, sustainability
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) — The president of West Virginia University will preside over Gov. Jim Justice's commission that'll examine college funding and sustainability.
The Charleston Gazette-Mail reports Justice said Monday that the "Blue Ribbon Commission on Four-Year Higher Education" would have three chairs. They will be Marshall University President Jerome Gilbert, West Virginia University President Gordon Gee along with Council of Presidents head and Concord University President Kendra Boggess.
The presidents of Marshall University and WVU have said they opposed the college funding formula that the state Higher Education Policy Commission's staff has proposed.
The HEPC's proposed funding formula hasn't been approved by the HEPC board, lawmakers or the governor.
If the current proposal were fully implemented using this past fiscal year's $229.4 million total base general revenue state appropriation, the formula would drop funding at WVU and other schools.
___
Information from: The Charleston Gazette-Mail, http://wvgazettemail.com.
AMIDST THE INTENSE focus in the GAA on venue rows, championship permutations and the battle for silverware amongst elite teams, Timmy Creed is seeking to look at the association from a different vantage point.
After several years immersed in playing hurling and Gaelic football at club level, the actor sought to explore his current passion with his previous interests.
The end product is his play ‘Spliced', which he wrote and performs in, an intense production where he looks at the pressure to perform that hangs over players.
“I think the struggle of GAA people is the struggle of many people in Ireland. The play is a kind of call to arms, for men really to be more emotional and not be afraid to express themselves, and to be okay with not being okay with the thing that they think defines them. It does define you when you play at this high level and it becomes the thing that you're best at.
“How many people in Ireland play GAA? There's over 2,300 clubs, there's over 500,000 members. The struggle of a GAA man is a kind of everyman's story. There's a lot of people in Ireland who are on that journey and the highs and lows of it. It's never represented in the theatre. We're so exposed to it, especially this time of the year with the championship, every weekend there are massive games and it's all in the media, so that's the level of exposure it gets on a massive scale.
“When you bring something into the theatre, you can kind of question it more for what it is. You can go into the emotion of it and ask questions in a way that forces the audience to engage with it. It's just another way to look at the GAA, especially at this time of the year we look at it through one very fixed lens of the championship and how people are doing.”
Creed played GAA at club level with Bishopstown in Cork city during his underage days and for a few years in adult grades. He watched team-mates like Shane O'Neill and Ken O'Halloran progress to the Cork senior ranks, was part of successful club title-winning teams in hurling and also picked up a Corn Uí Mhuirí (Munster senior colleges football) medal in 2005.
Cork hurler Shane O'Neill. Source: James Crombie/INPHO
Cork footballer Ken O'Halloran. Source: James Crombie/INPHO
“I was playing GAA from about five or six. Growing up until I was 14 or 15 I was pretty shocking but for some reason I still stuck at it and got a bit better. It was my own social outlet as a young fella.
“Even though I wouldn't have been the most talkative or upfront in the dressing-room, I still enjoyed being there. Then I got a bit better and the team got a bit better. We became a successful team and won championships in school and with the club. Guys I was friendly with, went on to play for Cork. We lived it and breathed it for years, and some of them still do, they've been consistently for 20 years at a good level.
“The reason I wrote the play is because I could see these lads I was close with from the same club, how that their lack of interest and awareness into art and theatre, they wouldn't engage with it. So I wanted to write something that would engage them in an art form because since I've become an actor a number of years ago, it opened me up to this other side of myself that's more creative.
“It was trying to bring something back to them that plays are great and they can teach us about ourselves. So I decided to write a play about a GAA man and maybe in doing that, people might reflect on themselves.”
After stepping away from playing, he found the removal from the inner sanctum of the dressing-room, a challenge to contend with.
And it's not he reckons it is unique to him, getting accustomed to not operating in a team environment.
“It's very interesting the relationship and dynamic of people playing on a team. The real closeness and togetherness, and kind of bound unity. But on the other side I think there's an unwillingness to be fully open with someone that you play sport with and go to battle with.
“There's a whole other side to each player that sits in a dressing-room, a landscape of emotion and life that's left outside on a GAA context. You're only really judged on your skill and physicality and your willingness to commit for the team. The dressing-room is a really sacred place where men and women come to participate in this ritualistic activity.
“I think there's more and more talk about mental health in sport in the last five to ten years, which is a really good thing. When I stopped playing GAA a number of years ago, I felt the loss of that support group, I'd still kind of feel outside of that group you're raised with.
“Then you're forced to think individually for yourself more than opposed to being in that group context and with that came more struggles then like mentally and emotionally with things. I didn't have that same kind of support.”
He returned to his home GAA club in a different guise last month as he performed his play in Bishopstown.
“Bringing it home to the home club, that was something that was close to my heart. That was something I felt passionate about and the people I would have been most nervous about putting myself in front of and speaking to them. They seemed to really listen to it and were really affected by it.
“We packed our four of the five nights, so over 250 GAA people saw a play in a GAA club, which for me is an achievement in itself because generally GAA people do not associate with theatre. Just to get fellas texting me that they enjoyed the play, I was moved by that. Being back up in the club for the week was kind of weird, it was like I was part of the whole movement again in a very different way.
“It's an outdoor show, it takes place in a handball alley. The idea is you bring the GAA people to their backyard where they can relate to something as opposed to bringing them into a theatre where the notion and ideas of theatre start coming into play before the show.”
- Spliced is running on 4/5 July in St Mary's GAA club in Clonmel as part of the Clonmel Junction Festival and tickets can be bought here. It's running on 7/8 July in Ennis as part of the Ennis Street Arts Festival with ticket information here.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
CASPER Ware just gets it.
The Melbourne United match-winner knows when to go, but more importantly, when not to go.
After leading the league in scoring the past three rounds, Ware, who averaged 20.3 points going into Saturday night's 69-61 win over Brisbane Bullets, could not get the ball to drop (0-5) early.
He would eventually break through – a tough contested lay-up and foul to boot – and never looked back.
The three-point play was the spark Ware and United needed after the dour, 28-25, first half.
Camera Icon Ware made the crucial play that sparked United in the second quarter. Picture: AAP
He exploded in the second half, splashing a three before back-to-back length-of-the-floor baskets whipped a sold out 10,300-strong crowd into frenzy.
United coach Dean Vickerman commended Ware's persistence.
“I thought he didn't really force his offence early on, and got other people involved,” Vickerman said.
“As the second half come along he put (the ball) in his hands a little bit more.
“That's a sign of a good point guard… he can just pick his moments to go and dominate, and really want the basketball down the stretch.”
The burst could be Melbourne's biggest strength ahead of a post-season filled with opportunity.
Camera Icon United were below their best but got the job done. Picture: AAP
When United turns on the jets, no one in the NBL is capable of going with them.
If Ware played in spurts, then Tai Wesley and Josh Boone were the constant threats.
They owned both ends of the floor, combining for 29 points and 20 rebounds.
While St Kilda AFL coach Alan Richardson watched from United's bench, Wesley and Co had front-row seats to ‘The Ware Show”.
“He's been playing really good basketball these last four-five weeks and he's come on right when we needed him,” Wesley said.”
“The way he controls the game has been so easy for us to play off – when he gets going you just put him in the middle… and watch.
“I'm sitting on the three-point line crashing the boards but pretty much enjoying the show.”
Wesley revealed post-match both teams complained about the match ball, he described as “hard and rubbery”, but referees were unable to switch it out because there was no spare available.
Neural networks, which learn to perform computational tasks by analyzing huge sets of training data, have been responsible for the most impressive recent advances in artificial intelligence, including speech-recognition and automatic-translation systems.
During training, however, a neural net continually adjusts its internal settings in ways that even its creators can't interpret. Much recent work in computer science has focused on clever techniques for determining just how neural nets do what they do.
In several recent papers, researchers from MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) and the Qatar Computing Research Institute have used a recently developed interpretive technique, which had been applied in other areas, to analyze neural networks trained to do machine translation and speech recognition.
They find empirical support for some common intuitions about how the networks probably work. For example, the systems seem to concentrate on lower-level tasks, such as sound recognition or part-of-speech recognition, before moving on to higher-level tasks, such as transcription or semantic interpretation.
But the researchers also find a surprising omission in the type of data the translation network considers, and they show that correcting that omission improves the network's performance. The improvement is modest, but it points toward the possibility that analysis of neural networks could help improve the accuracy of artificial intelligence systems.
"In machine translation, historically, there was sort of a pyramid with different layers," says Jim Glass, a CSAIL senior research scientist who worked on the project with Yonatan Belinkov, an MIT graduate student in electrical engineering and computer science. "At the lowest level there was the word, the surface forms, and the top of the pyramid was some kind of interlingual representation, and you'd have different layers where you were doing syntax, semantics. This was a very abstract notion, but the idea was the higher up you went in the pyramid, the easier it would be to translate to a new language, and then you'd go down again. So part of what Yonatan is doing is trying to figure out what aspects of this notion are being encoded in the network."
The work on machine translation was presented recently in two papers at the International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing. On one, Belinkov is first author, and Glass is senior author, and on the other, Belinkov is a co-author. On both, they're joined by researchers from the Qatar Computing Research Institute (QCRI), including Lluís Màrquez, Hassan Sajjad, Nadir Durrani, Fahim Dalvi, and Stephan Vogel. Belinkov and Glass are sole authors on the paper analyzing speech recognition systems, which Belinkov presented at the Neural Information Processing Symposium last week.
Leveling down
Neural nets are so named because they roughly approximate the structure of the human brain. Typically, they're arranged into layers, and each layer consists of many simple processing units -- nodes -- each of which is connected to several nodes in the layers above and below. Data are fed into the lowest layer, whose nodes process it and pass it to the next layer. The connections between layers have different "weights," which determine how much the output of any one node figures into the calculation performed by the next.
During training, the weights between nodes are constantly readjusted. After the network is trained, its creators can determine the weights of all the connections, but with thousands or even millions of nodes, and even more connections between them, deducing what algorithm those weights encode is nigh impossible.
The MIT and QCRI researchers' technique consists of taking a trained network and using the output of each of its layers, in response to individual training examples, to train another neural network to perform a particular task. This enables them to determine what task each layer is optimized for.
In the case of the speech recognition network, Belinkov and Glass used individual layers' outputs to train a system to identify "phones," distinct phonetic units particular to a spoken language. The "t" sounds in the words "tea," "tree," and "but," for instance, might be classified as separate phones, but a speech recognition system has to transcribe all of them using the letter "t." And indeed, Belinkov and Glass found that lower levels of the network were better at recognizing phones than higher levels, where, presumably, the distinction is less important.
Similarly, in an earlier paper, presented last summer at the Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, Glass, Belinkov, and their QCRI colleagues showed that the lower levels of a machine-translation network were particularly good at recognizing parts of speech and morphology -- features such as tense, number, and conjugation.
Making meaning
But in the new paper, they show that higher levels of the network are better at something called semantic tagging. As Belinkov explains, a part-of-speech tagger will recognize that "herself" is a pronoun, but the meaning of that pronoun -- its semantic sense -- is very different in the sentences "she bought the book herself" and "she herself bought the book." A semantic tagger would assign different tags to those two instances of "herself," just as a machine translation system might find different translations for them in a given target language.
The best-performing machine-translation networks use so-called encoding-decoding models, so the MIT and QCRI researchers' network uses it as well. In such systems, the input, in the source language, passes through several layers of the network -- known as the encoder -- to produce a vector, a string of numbers that somehow represent the semantic content of the input. That vector passes through several more layers of the network -- the decoder -- to yield a translation in the target language.
Although the encoder and decoder are trained together, they can be thought of as separate networks. The researchers discovered that, curiously, the lower layers of the encoder are good at distinguishing morphology, but the higher layers of the decoder are not. So Belinkov and the QCRI researchers retrained the network, scoring its performance according to not only accuracy of translation but also analysis of morphology in the target language. In essence, they forced the decoder to get better at distinguishing morphology.
Using this technique, they retrained the network to translate English into German and found that its accuracy increased by 3 percent. That's not an overwhelming improvement, but it's an indication that looking under the hood of neural networks could be more than an academic exercise.
###
Additional background
PAPER: Analyzing hidden representations in end-to-end automatic speech recognition systems https:/ / arxiv. org/ abs/ 1709. 04482
PAPER: Evaluating layers of representation in neural machine translation on part-of-speech and semantic tagging tasks http://people. csail. mit. edu/ belinkov/ assets/ pdf/ ijcnlp2017-semantics. pdf
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia — Women in Saudi Arabia need not wear headcover or the black abaya — the loose-fitting, full-length robes symbolic of Islamic piety — as long as their attire is “decent and respectful”, the kingdom's reform-minded crown prince said.
With the ascent to power of young Prince Mohammad Bin Salman, the kingdom has seen an expansion in women's rights including a decision to allow women to attend mixed public sporting events and the right to drive cars from this summer.
The changes have been hailed as proof of a new progressive trend towards modernisation in the deeply conservative Muslim kingdom, although the gender-segregated nation continues to be criticised for its continued constraints on women.
“The laws are very clear and stipulated in the laws of sharia [Islamic law]: that women wear decent, respectful clothing, like men,” Prince Mohammed said in an interview with CBS television aired late on Sunday.
“This, however, does not particularly specify a black abaya or a black head cover. The decision is entirely left for women to decide what type of decent and respectful attire she chooses to wear.”
A senior cleric said last month that women should dress modestly, but this did not necessitate wearing the abaya.
It remains unclear if these statements signal a change in the enforcement of women's dress code in the kingdom. Saudi Arabia has no written legal code to go with the texts making up sharia, and police and judiciary have long enforced a strict dress code requiring Saudi women to wear abayas and in many cases to cover their hair and faces.
But the kingdom has witnessed a cautious new climate of social freedoms with the rise of the 32-year-old crown prince to power after decades of elderly rulers.
Saudi women have started wearing more colorful abayas in recent years, the light blues and pinks in stark contrast with the traditional black. Open abayas over long skirts or jeans are also becoming more common in some parts of the country.
On March 8, a group of women in the Saudi city of Jeddah marked International Women's Day by exercising one of their newly acquired freedoms: the right to go for a jog, paying no heed to bemused onlookers.
However, activists have blasted the country's continued guardianship system requiring a male family member to grant permission for a woman to study abroad, travel and other activities.
Last week, a UN rights watchdog called on Saudi Arabia to end practices against women including male guardianship, and give them full access to justice.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
The National Institute of Information and Communications Technology (NICT, President: Hideyuki Tokuda, Ph.D.) has successfully demonstrated a world-record for switching capacity of 53.3 Tb/s for short-reach data-center networks. This demonstration makes use of spatial division multiplexing (SDM) over multi-core optical fibers (MCFs) and a newly developed high-speed spatial optical switch system, enabling full packet-granularity. We believe this newly developed data-center network provides a significant improvement of network efficiency and end-to-end energy consumption per bit compared to today's optical circuit, fully-electronic packet switching networks. The results of this demonstration were selected for presentation as a post-deadline paper at the prestigious 43rd European Conference on Optical Communications (ECOC) in Gothenburg, Sweden, on September 21, 2017.
[Background]
Due to a continuous increase of network traffic demand, the capacity of optical networks using standard single mode fiber (SMF) is approaching its physical limits. SDM technology, including MCFs, has been proposed to alleviate the capacity limits imposed by SMFs. Furthermore, it is also important to reduce the granularity of optical networks. Currently, commercial optical networks can switch optical wavelength channels that operate continuously in time. However, the actual information is transmitted over the network in smaller units, referred to as packets. Hence, the capability to transmit these packets directly on the optical domain can increase the overall network efficiency and replacing electronic switching with optical switching can also reduce the total end-to-end energy consumption per bit.
[Achievements]
In this work, NICT developed a high-speed 7-core-joint optical switching system that can switch all the cores of a 7-core MCF simultaneously with an ultrafast switching speed of 80 ns. The system consists of multiple electro-absorption (EA) optical switch elements with several nanoseconds switching speed. It also contains a switch controller, capable of reading the destination address of packets and controlling multiple EA switches simultaneously. The optical switching system can be used in an optical network switching node to realize several functions. Using this optical switching system, NICT built a testbed of a time-slotted optical network, capable of achieving full packet granularity. This testbed used 64 wavelength channels, modulated at 32 Giga Baud with polarization division multiplexing (PDM) quadrature phase shift keying (QPSK). This delivers a nominal capacity of 53.3 tera bits per second. In the testbed, three MCF segments were used: a 19-core 28 km fiber, a 19-core 10 km fiber, and a 7-core 2 km fiber. On each fiber, 7-cores were used in this demonstration to carry information signals. The results of this work were presented as a post-deadline paper on the prestigious 43rd European Conference on Optical Communications (ECOC), held in Gothenburg, Sweden, from September 17, 2017 until September 21, 2017.
[Future Prospects]
In the future, we hope to increase the network capacity by developing new optical switches with even faster response, lower insertion loss and flatter frequency response, and to investigate coherent burst-mode receivers with high-order modulation formats for greater spectral efficiency.
###
[Reference]
José Manuel Delgado Mendinueta, Satoshi Shinada, Ruben S. Luís, Yusuke Hirota, Hideaki Furukawa, Hiroaki Harai and Naoya Wada, "Experimental Demonstration of a 53 Tb/s Coherent SDM-TDM Add/Drop/Through Optical Network with Time-division Spatial Super-channels and High-speed Joint Switching System," in Proc. 43rd European Conference on Optical Communications (ECOC), September 2017, paper Th.PDP.B.3.
Disposable surgical kits include surgical to be used in surgery, drapes for delivery kits, and disposable blood donor kits. Disposable surgical kits are cost-effective, help in eliminate instrument cleaning and recycling, and reduce infection associated with surgery. Thus, increasing the efficiency of hospitals and surgical centers by increasing their productivity. Disposable surgical kits were confined only to IV bags, blood bags, swabs, and others in the recent past. Increasing demand for cost-effectiveness and efficiency has led to an increased focus on the usage of single-use and disposable products. Increasing technological development has also paved the way for high quality and highly efficient disposable surgical kits, as compared to traditional or reusable surgical kits.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=39209
The disposable surgical kit market is expected to expand during the forecast period. The usage of disposable kits has increased rapidly in various healthcare settings, as an increasing number of healthcare professionals are employing disposable surgical kits, as compared to re-usable kits, due to the advantages associated with disposable kits. Disposable surgical kits are highly practical in their usage, as they reduce the cost of storing in an aseptic condition. These kits also reduce the cost of sterilization associated with re-usable kits, and they are easy to dispose.
The global disposable surgical kits market can be segmented based on material type, procedure type, end user, and region. Based on material type, the market can be segregated into non-woven fabrics and film. In terms of procedure type, the global disposable surgical kits can be classified into orthopedic, neurosurgery, general surgery, women's health, urology, ophthalmic, ENT, and others. Based on end-user, the market can be into hospitals, clinics, specialty clinics, ambulatory surgical centers, research & academic institutes, trauma centers, and others. Rising trend toward ophthalmic surgery in the last few years is estimated to considerably boost the demand for disposable surgical kits, particularly in cataract and retinal surgeries.
Enquiry for discount on this report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=39209
Major drivers of the global disposable surgical kits market include developed healthcare infrastructure, increasing awareness about hygiene in developing economies, favorable government regulation in promoting the usage of disposable surgical kits, and increasing mergers and acquisitions in the healthcare medical devices sector. Major restraints of the global disposable surgical kits market include generation of significant amounts of waste, thus increasing environmental apprehensions, and existence of certain impurities in these disposable surgical kits, which are likely to contaminate the content.
In terms of geography, the global disposable surgical kits market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America is anticipated to hold a prominent share of the global disposable surgical kit market due to high demand, presence of major manufacturers, and increasing product launches in the region. Europe is expected to follow North America in terms of market share. Asia Pacific is estimated to provide lucrative opportunity to the disposable market during the forecast period. High demand for surgical kits increasing awareness regarding hospital acquired infection during and after surgical procedure, along with increasing competition between global and regional manufacturers is anticipated to drive the market in the region. The market in Latin America and Middle East & Africa is projected to expand during the forecast period under the influence of major economies.
The disposable surgical kits market in Latin America and Middle East & Africa is anticipated to expand at a significant growth rate during the forecast period due to developed healthcare infrastructure, increasing economic stability in countries such as Brazil.
Major players operating in the global disposable surgical kits market include Johnson & Johnson, 3M, Medtronic, Dynarex, Smith & Nephew, LSL Healthcare, Inc.
Request for the TOC of the Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=39209
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a next-generation market intelligence provider, offering fact-based solutions to business leaders, consultants, and strategy professionals.
Our reports are single-point solutions for businesses to grow, evolve, and mature. Our real-time data collection methods along with ability to track more than one million high growth niche products are aligned with your aims. The detailed and proprietary statistical models used by our analysts offer insights for making right decision in the shortest span of time. For organizations that require specific but comprehensive information we offer customized solutions through adhoc reports. These requests are delivered with the perfect combination of right sense of fact-oriented problem-solving methodologies and leveraging existing data repositories.
TMR believes that unison of solutions for clients-specific problems with right methodology of research is the key to help enterprises reach right decision.
US Office Contact
90 State Street, Suite 700
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Aydin Sefa Akay, a top judge attached to the UN's Mechanism for International Criminal Tribunals, was arrested in September at his family home and charged with terrorism over alleged membership in the faith-based movement of Fethullah Gulen. Ankara blames Gulen for masterminding the July 2016 military putsch attempt in Turkey, but the cleric, who currently lives in self-imposed exile in the US, has repeatedly denied the accusations.
The court found Akay, one of the highest-profile suspects arrested in the relentless post-coup crackdown against alleged Gulen adherents, guilty of holding conversations via Bylock, a special smartphone application Ankara claims Gulen supporters used to stay in touch.
BM Hakimi Aydın Sefa Akay'a önce hapis cezası sonra tahliye — Tr724 https://t.co/gYP1jtKk5H pic.twitter.com/aFPYzo31K3 — Tr724 (@tr724com) 14 июня 2017 г.
In his initial testimony, Akay admitted to installing Bylock but claimed that he had not used any password to access the system, local media reported.
In the final hearing of Akay's trial, the court decided to release the retired ambassador under judicial supervision, pending confirmation of the verdict by Turkey's supreme appeals court, the Yargitay. A date for that ruling is yet unknown. If the the sentence is upheld, Akay will be sent back behind bars.
Akay had been working with the UN international court, trying suspects over the 1994 genocide in Rwanda, and his detention has frozen proceedings into an appeal hearing of former Rwandan minister Augustin Ngirabatware.
The military coup attempt that took place in Turkey in July was quickly suppressed by government forces. More than 240 people were killed and an estimated 2,000 were wounded during the uprising. Since then, Turkey has arrested thousands of military personnel, activists and journalists on suspicion of links with Fethullah Gulen.
Robert Mueller, the special counsel overseeing the federal investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election, is looking into whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice, the Washington Post reported late Wednesday.
The Washington Post reported, citing unnamed sources familiar with the matter, that the investigation into whether Trump attempted to obstruct justice began shortly after he abruptly fired James Comey as director of the FBI in May. According to the report, Mueller's office later took up the probe.
Investigators are also searching “for any evidence of possible financial crimes among Trump associates,” according to unnamed officials cited in the report.
During his blockbuster testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee last week, Comey said Trump was not under investigation at the time of his firing, an assertion the White House quickly seized on as a vindication of the President.
That changed shortly after Trump abruptly terminated Comey, the Washington Post reported, citing unnamed officials.
Mueller's investigators have scheduled interviews with intelligence officials including Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, NSA Director Mike Rogers and former deputy NSA director Richard Ledgett, the Washington Post reported, citing five unnamed sources briefed on the requests.
A spokesman for Mueller declined to comment to the Washington Post.
Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Trump's personal lawyer Marc Kasowitz, did not deny the report. He instead told the Washington Post: “The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.”
FILE PHOTO - Al Qaeda's Ayman al-Zawahri speaks from an unknown location, in this still image taken from video uploaded on a social media website June 8, 2011. Social Media Website/File Photo
AMMAN Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri has called on Syrian Sunni jihadists to wage guerrilla war against enemies ranging from Syrian President Bashar al Assad and his Iranian-backed allies to Western powers.
In an audio recording posted online on Sunday, Zawahri called for the rebels to be patient, saying they should be prepared for a long battle with the Western-led coalition in Iraq and Syria and Iranian-backed Shi'ites fighting alongside Syrian President Bashar al Assad's government.
"Our people in Sham (Syria) prepare yourselves for a long battle with the Crusaders and their allies the Shi'ites and Alawites," the successor to Osama bin Laden said.
Muslim Sunni militants consider Shi'ites and Alawites heretics.
Zawahri said jihadists were targeted by their enemies because they sought to impose Islamic rule in Syria, adding that the West and its allies were doing everything they could to prevent an "Islamic" wave that was sweeping the region.
It was not clear when the recording, in which the militant leader also said holy war (jihad) in Syria was not just the prerogative of Syrians but all Muslims, was made.
He also warned insurgents not to turn the conflict into an purely internal Syrian one.
Syria's former al Qaeda branch Nusra Front now spearheads an alliance of Islamist brigades known as Hayat Tahrir al Sham which is leading battles against Syrian government forces and their Russian and Iranian backed allies on most of the main fronts in the country.
This alliance plays a key role in the control of most of Idlib province, although U.S. led coalition strikes have killed dozens of its leaders in recent months.
(Reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi and Ahmed Tolba in Cairo)
The Legislature has gone past the deadline set under state law to finish the annual session – and there are few signs that they'll be finishing their work soon.
Monday was the 91st day of the session, which is scheduled to last 90 days, although the state constitution allows for 121 days.
The Senate and House haven't yet named the six members of conference committees to resolve differences over the operating budget and a plan to draw money from Permanent Fund earnings to pay for state government.
Instead of making announcements on major bills, the two chambers passed smaller legislation.
One example is Senate Bill 80, which allows state regulators to charge cellphone owners a new monthly fee.
The money would be used to pay for communication devices and software for people who are deaf or hard of hearing, or who have a speech disability.
Anchorage Sen. Mia Costello said the bill is a consequence of many residents moving to mobile phones, including her own family.
“We hardly use our landline, and many families in Alaska now solely use a cellphone,” she said.
Currently, residents' landlines are charged 9 cents per month to fund services for those with disabilities, while business lines are charged 18 cents per month.
The Regulatory Commission of Alaska expects to charge cellphone users 5 cents a month if the bill is enacted, Costello said.
Costello said the number of Alaskans who have landlines is only 47 percent of what it was when the fees were started. She said the bill expands the number of people who will benefit from the program, while costing cellphone users only 60 cents a year.
“This is an important bill because it looks to the 21st century, and updating the type of the type of technology that hearing impaired Alaskans will be able to use,” she said.
All 19 senators who were present on Monday voted for the bill. It now heads to the House.
HOISINGTON — Lorene Marie Reif, 81, passed away March 16, 2018, at Hospice House, Hutchinson, Kan. She was born September 7, 1936, at Russell County, Kan., to Frank and Gertrude (Eckert) Lang. Lorene married Donald Eugene Reif Aug. 27, 1956, at Beaver.
Lorene, a life-time resident of northern Barton County, was a member of St. John the Evangelist Catholic Church, Hoisington, and the Altar Society. She was a devoted homemaker and farmwife, holding subsequent employment as a bookkeeper for the Hoisington Oil Co., and a cook for St. John Catholic School.
Survivors include her husband, Donald E. Reif, Sr. of the home; one son, Don E. Reif, Jr. of Hoisington; two daughters, Diane Reif of Great Bend, and Sheila Metzger of Hutchinson; one brother, Melvin Lang and wife Yvonne of Perry; and one grandson, Hunter Metzger. She was preceded in death by three brothers, Lyle, Kenneth and Francis Lang.
A Funeral Mass for Lorene will be held 10:30 a.m. Tuesday, March 20, 2018, at St. John the Evangelist Catholic Church, with Father Anselm Eke officiating. Interment will follow at St. John Church Cemetery, Hoisington. Visitation will be from 1:00 to 8:00 p.m., Monday, March 19, with a Vigil and Altar Society Rosary at 7:00 p.m., all at Nicholson-Ricke Funeral Home, Hoisington. Memorial Funds may be directed to Rosewood Services or Kans for Kids or St. John Catholic Church, in care of Nicholson-Ricke Funeral Home, P.O. Box 146, Hoisington, Kan., 67544.
Condolences may be sent and notice viewed at www.nicholsonrickefh.net
President Donald Trump on Monday dismissed questions about his two-day delay before condemning hate groups by name after a white supremacist rally turned deadly over the weekend.
“Mr. President, can you explain why you did not condemn those hate groups by name over the weekend?” CNN's Jim Acosta asked Trump after a bill signing ceremony at the White House.
“They've been condemned,” Trump replied. “They have been condemned.”
Trump did in fact condemn “criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups” on Monday from the White House, but only after intense criticism after he blamed “many sides” for the carnage in Charlottesville on Saturday.
The white supremacist rally in the city was held in response to the planned removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. One man who had earlier been photographed with a white supremacist group allegedly drove his car into a crowd of counter-protesters, killing one and injuring more than a dozen.
Acosta followed up, referencing a planned press conference that Trump on Friday had promised would occur Monday: “And why are we not having a press conference today? You said on Friday we'd have a press conference?”
“We had a press conference,” Trump said. “We just had a press conference.”
Trump had not just held a press conference. That would involve answering journalist's questions at more length than responding to shouted requests after a bill signing.
“Can we ask you more questions, then, sir?” Acosta asked.
“It doesn't bother me at all, but I like real news, not fake news,” Trump responded. “You're fake news. Thank you everybody.”
Acosta shouted as Trump left: “Haven't you spread a lot of fake news yourself, sir?”
Watch below via ABC News:
IN his first year in the hot seat Scott ‘Razor' Robertson did what his former teammate Todd Blackadder couldn't do in eight years at the helm: win a Super Rugby title.
Twice they reached the final — in 2011 and 2014 — and on both occasions they were pipped at the post by Australian teams, losing to the Reds (18-13) and Waratahs (33-32).
Robertson became the first person in Super Rugby history to win a title as a player and a coach as the Crusaders knocked off the Lions 25-17 in front of packed house at Ellis Park earlier this month.
Their eight-point win was the Crusaders' eighth Super Rugby title, but first since Robbie Deans called quits in 2008 after winning his fifth as coach.
LIVE stream the Bledisloe Cup and Rugby Championship on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial and start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
media_camera Scott Robertson became the first player in Super Rugby history to win a title as a player and coach.
By winning away in Johannesburg, the Crusaders also became the first Super Rugby franchise to ever cross the Indian Ocean and take home the trophy.
Why Digby doesn't want to play for Wallabies again
All Blacks great Andrew Mehrtens, who won five titles with the Crusaders, said that their drought-breaking title could partly be explained by the Crusaders flying under the radar in a fiercely competitive New Zealand conference.
“The Crusaders went into this year a little more under the radar than they traditionally have, particularly of the times of (Dan) Carter and (Richie) McCaw being around, so that's a factor,” Mehrtens told foxsports.com.au.
“They managed to get in and do their work away from the bright lights that might have been shining more on the Hurricanes or Chiefs, so I think that was part of it.”
But Mehrtens chiefly attributed Robertson's immediate success to the culture forged at the club, although he added that Blackadder deserved credit for his time in nurturing the talent at the Crusaders.
“A lot of the games this year they really showed a collective heart and that comes from the environment,” Mehrtens continued.
“Now the genesis of that would have been in Todd Blackadder's time as well.
“Certainly from what Razor seems to bring in terms of just the buzz to the group as well, he's enhanced that a little bit.
“He's had some great performances from guys this year, who have obviously thrived in the environment of hard work, but have a lot of runs as well.
“I'm talking about the likes of George Bridge, Mitch Hunt, who had to step in for another young guy, Richie Mo'unga and that's just the backline.
“You've got (Jack) Goodhue, who was fantastic in the centres all year, so you've got a really good blend between the experienced guys like Ryan Crotty, Sam Whitelock and a lot of that forward pack, but then the energy that gets brought from a Jordan Taufua, who's a huge driving force in the Crusaders culture.
“You've got to have a coach who embraces that as well, I'm not saying Todd Blackadder didn't, but certainly the evolution of the culture has suited the Crusaders this year.”
media_camera Andrew Mehrtens (L) says his former All Blacks teammate Scott Robertson (2nd left) enhanced the culture of the Crusaders.
Mehrtens added that he could see a number of similarities between the current group and his former team and said Taufua, the Crusaders' effective back-rower, was the big driver in the squad.
“I happened to be having a couple of drinks in the Crusaders' session after they beat the Waratahs and just seeing some of the things that were consistent with my era, which is already 20 odd years ago, and some of the things that they were doing smacked of stuff we were doing.
“It can be quite generic stuff whether it's what you say before you open a drink.
“But on top of that the evolution that I was seeing, it was very obvious to me in terms of how they expressed themselves as a group — the team song, really hip hop — and that was driven by Jordan Taufua, and everybody bought into that whether they were the new kid or Sam Whitelock, who's been around for a long time and has got a different mentality to some of these young backs.
“They all think differently, but they all bought massively into that.”
media_camera Jordan Taufua was influential in the Crusaders' cultural change, according to Andrew Mehrtens.
Originally published as The change that breathed new life into Crusaders
On Tuesday, Sergey Artamonov, the commander of the Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, which has recently returned from Syria to its home port in the northern city of Severomorsk, revealed that the cruiser was followed by 50-60 NATO ships on its journey to Syria and back.
"During the trip, we detected the presence of 50-60 NATO ships close to us. In some places, we were followed by 10-11 [NATO ships] simultaneously," Artamonov said in an interview with the Russian newspaper Argumenty i Fakty.
The UK Ministry of defence British Navy and Air Force escort Russian warships Admiral Kuznetsov and Pyotr Veliky
"The escort turned out to be hefty and expensive…for the taxpaying member states of the alliance," Radio Sputnik contributor Ilya Kharlamov noted in his article.
"Moscow has repeatedly warned Brussels (the headquarters of the alliance) that the Russian naval group, which was led by the Admiral Kuznetsov and included the battle cruiser Pyotr Veliky, the guided missile destroyer Severomorsk and the anti-submarine destroyer Admiral Kulakov as well as support vessels, doesn't need senseless 'escort services'. It will arrive at the deployment site and leave it when it deems necessary. They don't get humor in NATO headquarters and did things their own way. They simply have no sense of humor there," the article contintinues.
The author hypothesizes that the military officials of the alliance may be split into two clans: those who benefit from the illusory notion of a "Russian threat", and those who consider it an article of faith and childishly believe in it.
"Indeed, they spare no expense on tilting at windmills, in other words, fighting with their own shadows, phobias and hallucinations," the author says.
© Photo: The UK Ministry of defence 'A Very Serious Military Mission': Why NATO Warships 'Escorted' Russia's Carrier
However if we drop the irony, he says, we can see how pathetic the actions taken by Russia's Western partners are. "The loonies have nowhere to apply the forces they've saved over the years or even decades."
Their numerous Middle Eastern and African forays have brought no use to mankind, including its "most enlightened" Western part, Kharlamov says. Their partial control over certain hydrocarbon deposits could not be called a global success.
Filling countries bordering Russia with NATO servicemen and equipment is also a "double-edged weapon," he adds. On the one hand, it is a demonstration of force and stimulation of the so-called "patriotically-anti-Russian" upsurge. However on the other, it entails high expenses and the absolute pointlessness of NATO's tanks, aircraft and servicemen in the event of a large-scale conflict.
"However large amounts of high-tech, extremely pricy but nonetheless highly breakable hardware require exercise, preferably in a way which will allow some showing off," the author says.
"Any military block needs dynamics and development; otherwise its mere existence comes into question. In the absence of natural conditions, such dynamics could be caused artificially. And the mission of the Russian naval group to Syria's shores provides a very fitting occasion," he explains.
Kharlamov also commented on earlier mainstream media reports that the Admiral Kuznetsov had been "billowing clouds of black smoke" and Artamonov remarks on the issue.
The aircraft carrier's fume is not an indication of any malfunctioning, the commander of the Admiral Kuznetsov explained. NATO ships in fact also "billow clouds of smoke", albeit probably not as high as the Russian cruiser; it has the highest smoke pipe. The only vessels which do not exhaust fume are those with nuclear power generating facilities, however Admiral Kuznetsov isn't that type, he said.
"It turns out that NATO ships also billowing clouds of black smoke," Kharlamov writes.
"Moreover, despite billions and billions spent on their development and production, they behave very unreliably, breaking down and leaking water into the engine decks," he adds.
He also recalls the words of some British senior military veterans who compared the Royal Navy's new destroyers with a “box of spanners.”
"However, NATO destroyers, corvettes and frigates look ultramodern and at times alien. Apparently in order to visually terrify their enemies in the event when their strike systems fail," Kharlamov notes.
"Meanwhile, the "ageing" Russian vessel has completed its mission by successfully redeploying into another part of the globe and returning to its home port. Not everything is gold that glitters," he concluded.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
ALL TIME GLOW Rainbow Road's Got Nothing On This Hot Wheels Track Loaded With Lights
Sit back, buckle up and go on one hell of a ride that some goofball of a human clearly spent way too much time on.
AURORA, Colo. (April 18, 2017) - Cannabinoids contain anti-inflammatory properties that could make them useful in the treatment of a wide-range of skin diseases, according to researchers at the University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus.
The new study, published online recently in the Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology, summarizes the current literature on the subject and concludes that pharmaceuticals containing cannabinoids may be effective against eczema, psoriasis, atopic and contact dermatitis.
Currently, 28 states allow comprehensive medical cannabis programs with close to 1 in 10 adult cannabis users in the U.S. utilizing the drug for medical reasons. As researchers examine the drug for use in treating nausea, chronic pain and anorexia, more and more dermatologists are looking into its ability to fight a range of skin disease.
"Perhaps the most promising role for cannabinoids is in the treatment of itch," said the study's senior author Dr. Robert Dellavalle, MD, associate professor of dermatology at the University of Colorado School of Medicine.
He noted that in one study, eight of 21 patients who applied a cannabinoid cream twice a day for three weeks completely eliminated severe itching or pruritus. The drug may have reduced the dry skin that gave rise to the itch.
Dellavalle believes the primary driver in these cannabinoid treatments could be their anti-inflammatory properties. In the studies he and his fellow researchers reviewed, they found that THC (tetrahydrocannabinol) the active ingredient in marijuana, reduced swelling and inflammation in mice.
At the same time, mice with melanoma saw significant inhibition of tumor growth when injected with THC.
"These are topical cannabinoid drugs with little or no psychotropic effect that can be used for skin disease," Dellavalle said.
Still, he cautioned that most of these studies are based on laboratory models and large-scale clinical trials have not been performed. That may change as more and more states legalize cannabis.
Dellavalle said for those who have used other medications for itch and skin disease without success, trying a cannabinoid is a viable option especially if it has no psychotropic effect. He did not recommend such medications for cancer based on current evidence.
"These diseases cause a lot of problems for people and have a direct impact on their quality of life," he said. "The treatments are currently being bought over the internet and we need to educate dermatologists and patients about the potential uses of them."
###
The other authors of the study include Jessica S. Mounessa, BS, Julia A. Siegel, BA and Cory A. Dunnick, MD.
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
AN old school friend of Prince Charles has reportedly labelled Meghan Markle's family as “common” and her dad Thomas as a “huge lump”.
Nicky Haslam, who went to Eton with Prince Charles and socialised with Princess Diana, reportedly told the Daily Mail that the new Duchess of Sussex's family is “frightfully common”.
When asked to describe the new royal in-laws, Haslam, who was born to one of Queen Victoria's goddaughters, reportedly said, “They're frightfully common.”
And the newspaper said Haslam also told of his apparent relief that Meghan's dad did not attend the wedding at Windsor Castle on May 19.
Thomas Markle, 73, was forced to miss walking his daughter down the aisle after suffering a heart attack days after being caught posing for staged paparazzi snaps.
According to the Daily Mail, Haslam added: “It would have been awful if that huge lump [Meghan's dad] had been there.
RELATED: Royal life has ‘ruined Meghan's style'
RELATED: Thomas Markle begs meghan for forgiveness
RELATED: Harry snubs Meghan at event
Camera Icon Meghan's sister, Samantha Markle. Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon Thomas Markle Jr has had his run-ins with police. Picture: Supplied
“The royals probably don't quite know how to deal with them.”
But Haslem didn't leave his vitriol just for Meghan's beleaguered family; he also reportedly had a crack at her wedding dress.
Haslam told the newspaper he “didn't very much like” her $360,000 Givenchy bridal gown by British designer Clare Waight Keller.
Camera Icon Meghan's mum Doria Ragland escaped the ire of Prince Charles' friend. Picture: Getty Images
Reportedly saying “it didn't fit”, he added: “It should have been made of thinner stuff, it seemed to be made of concrete”.
But cabaret singer and former designer Haslam did reportedly reserve praise for one member of Meghan's family — mum Doria Ragland.
He said: “One person who wasn't common was her mother”.
These days Haslam makes a living as a cabaret singer.
Clarence House declined to comment on his remarks.
— with The Sun
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced academic programs.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced...
The families of six Americans kidnapped and killed in Colombia during the 1990s by the terrorist organization known as FARC are seeking damages from banana giant Chiquita Brands International because of payments the company made to the group.
The families of six Americans kidnapped and killed in Colombia during the 1990s by the terrorist organization known as FARC are seeking damages from banana giant Chiquita Brands International because of payments...
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
(Kim Kozlowski/Detroit News via AP). Eaton County Sheriff's deputies restrain Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich. The incident came during the third and fi...
(Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Randall Margraves sits in handcuffs as he prepares to stand in front of Judge Janice Cunningham for a contempt of court hearing after he lunged at Larry Nassar during Nassar's sentencing at Eaton County Circu...
(Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Randall Margraves, left, talks to attorney Mick Grewal, as he prepares to stand in front of Judge Janice Cunningham for a contempt of court hearing after he lunged at Larry Nassar during Nassar's sentencing a...
(Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Eaton County Sheriff's deputies restrain Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich. The incident came during the third...
(Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar , left, lunges at Nassar, bottom right, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich. The incident came during the third a...
By DAVID EGGERT and MIKE HOUSEHOLDER
Associated Press
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (AP) - A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom after a judge rejected his request to confront the "demon" in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted him with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court Friday. He later apologized, saying he had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was "no way" she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers.
"I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that," the judge said.
Nonetheless, she added, it is "not acceptable that we combat assault with assault."
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on his work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing.
Nassar, 54, already will spend the rest of his life in prison. He was sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and his home and was ordered in December to spend 60 years in a federal prison for child pornography crimes.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says she was assaulted during his decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 percent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after he listened to two of his daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said her parents were "filled with regret" because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
"I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't," she told Nassar. "The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you."
Her father then stepped up and asked the judge if she would grant him "five minutes in a locked room with this demon." Cunningham declined and also turned down his request for "one minute." That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to "use your words," not violence.
"This is letting him have this power over us," she said. "We cannot behave like this."
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that he just snapped. He said he had not known what exactly his daughters were going to say about their abuse.
"I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking his head, no, like it didn't happen. ... I'm embarrassed," Margraves said of his conduct. "I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal."
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defense and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison.
At a news conference, Margraves repeated his apology and insisted he's "no hero."
"My daughters are the heroes, and all the victims and the survivors of this terrible atrocity," he said.
Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who traveled from France to speak, said she was surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
"It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable - the amount of pain that we've all gone through," Vigogne said outside court.
Sheriff Tom Reich said his officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said she had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks "unfortunate" and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is "really unfortunate" if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that his accusers' remarks "have pierced my soul."
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the coordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said he was stepping down.
___
AP reporter Ed White in Detroit contributed to this story.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Environmental Defence Society will pursue court action against the Hastings District Council and Craggy Range winery over the controversial Te Mata Peak track.
Society chief executive Gary Taylor said the paperwork would be sent to the High Court at Napier on Friday, challenging the decision-making process which led to Craggy Range building the track, which the society would argue was unlawful.
It would also be seeking an order for the track's removal.
"We are filing these proceedings because it has become clear that we can no longer rely on the earlier assurances of Craggy Range Vineyards that it would remove the track," Taylor said, in reference to statement made by the company in December.
Advertisement
"The assurances that were given late last year consisted of an unequivocal promise that we believe can no longer be relied on.
"The company now appears to be wriggling out of the public commitments it made and the track is still there.
"They had the resources to remove it, there's no practical impediment to do it - they are trying to fudge and use weasel words like remediation instead of the original promise."
In May this year, Craggy Range chief executive Mike Wilding said the company's own landscape options and legal assessment showed removing the track would not be as simple as first thought, nor would it achieve an outcome to everyone's satisfaction.
"We are simply not prepared to take a direction that will leave the land in a worse condition and one that involves us in further contentious arguments about whether the track should be closed," he said.
Taylor said this was wrong. The society's experts had assessed the situation and found it would not be difficult to close the track and restore it to its original condition.
He said the company had not been replying to the society's requests for a clear explanation of its current intentions.
Those intentions changed somewhat last month, however, when the winery signed an agreement with Ngati Kahungunu iwi for the two parties to buy 28ha of land from the Drabble family, which would enable an alternative track to be built on the eastern face of the peak.
The current track would be closed and a cultural impact study would guide the new track.
A number of protests about the track have been held outside Craggy Range over recent weeks. Photo / File
This was met with resistance by Waimarama mana whenua, who Taylor said were supporting the society's case.
"Our two lawyers have been in touch.
"Te Mata is an outstanding natural landscape and feature and has profound cultural values that the council either undervalued or overlooked.
"We contend, with the support of the marae, that because of those values the resource consent application should have been publicly notified and that the decision to grant approval was wrong in law."
He acknowledged the Hastings council had since set up a steering group to consider the future planning and use of Te Mata Peak.
"This is a good step forward which we support, but first the Craggy Range track must be removed and it is clear we need to court action to ensure that happens."
Waimarama kaumātua Robert MacDonald said mana whenua had taken the same stacne right from the start.
"We made it very clear we wanted the track removed - that has not changed."
He said he had never been part of any discussions between Ngati Kahungunu and Craggy Range about the purchase of additional land with a view to building a new track.
"We have been consistent protesting the process whereby the new track was built - it was not a cultural issue, it was a legal issue - and we have had no part in any discussions about an alternative track."
He said the uproar which followed the track being built proved it had been wrong to grant the non-notified consent.
Hastings mayor Sandra Hazlehurst said the council was focused on completing the project group work, including a thorough cultural impact assessment.
Despite the court action, she said the project team remained committed to a three-phase approach to the issue, with cultural and landscape values assessments due to be completed by the end of next month.
Aan assessment of the different track options, taking into account cultural, landscape and other technical information, would be undertaken in September.
In October, the council planned to seek public engagement and consultation on viable options.
Any final decisions regarding a new track were expected near the end of this year, then formal statutory processes involving resource consents could begin.
Craggy Range chief executive Mike Wilding declined to comment, and Ngati Kahungunu chairman Ngahiwi Tomoana could not be reached.
With a funding plan due to the Federal Transit Administration in just about a month, state lawmakers held a marathon hearing Monday to consider different ways of paying for the Honolulu's controversial rail project.
During the seven and a half hour briefing, some state lawmakers were clearly frustrated that the issue on how to cover the rail project's almost $3 billion budget shortfall falls on them.
"It's no longer your decision. It's our decision to figure this thing out for you," House finance chair Rep. Sylvia Luke told city officials.
Instead of extending the rail general excise tax surcharge for 10 years, Luke pushed to use other sources of tax revenue -- like the Transient Accommodations Tax (TAT) -- to pay construction bills upfront and save money on interest payments.
"It provides certainty to the project, number one. And it will save the Oahu residents over a billion dollars in financing," Luke said.
Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell, his administration, and the city council stood by their request to extend the rail GET surcharge.
"If you can pay cash for a car, you should. Or for you house. But I think that for the most part when you're struggling and strapped for money that you might look at some kind of financing options," said Gary Kurokawa, Caldwell's chief of staff.
Meanwhile, the hotel industry says the proposal for a 1-percent increase to the hotel room tax could deter tourists from coming to
"We are being unfairly targeted for the cost of the rail. Why are you considering increasing the TAT? Is there some sense that we're not already paying our fair share? Because we feel that we're paying more than our fair share," said Ed Case, Outrigger Hotels.
Several lawmakers questioned whether a hotel room tax increase was such a threat, saying hotels have added their own resort fees and raised room rates.
"It's so volatile that we're gonna raise the TAT by 1-percent when you raise your hotel rooms greater than one percent," said Sen. Donna Mercado Kim.
The funding plan is due to the FTA by September 15.
If the House and Senate are able to reach a deal on how to fund the project, lawmakers have been alerted that special session will take place the week of August 28th.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Covering 70 percent of Earth's surface, the world's oceans are vast and deep. So vast, in fact, that nearly every coastal country has the potential to meet its own domestic seafood needs through aquaculture. In fact, each country could do so using a tiny fraction of its ocean territory.
So finds a study led by scientists from UC Santa Barbara and including researchers from the Nature Conservancy, UCLA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Their research, published today in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution, demonstrates the oceans' potential to support aquaculture. Also known as fish farming, the practice is the fastest-growing food sector, and it's poised to address increasing issues of food insecurity around the globe.
"There is a lot of space that is suitable for aquaculture, and that is not what's going to limit its development," said lead author Rebecca Gentry, who recently completed her Ph.D. at UCSB's Bren School of Environmental Science & Management. "It's going to be other things such as governance and economics."
According to the study, among the first global assessments of the potential for marine aquaculture, the world's oceans are rife with aquaculture "hot spots" that provide enough space to produce 15 billion metric tons of finfish annually. That is more than 100 times the current global seafood consumption.
More realistically, the researchers note, if aquaculture were developed in only the most productive areas, the oceans could theoretically produce the same amount of seafood that the world's wild-caught fisheries currently produce globally, but in less than 1 percent of the total ocean surface -- a combined area the size of Lake Michigan.
"There are only a couple of countries that are producing the vast majority of what's being produced right now in the oceans," Gentry said. "We show that aquaculture could actually be spread a lot more across the world, and every coastal country has this opportunity."
The United States, for example, has enormous untapped potential and could produce enough farmed seafood to meet national demand using only 0.01 percent of its exclusive economic zone, Gentry noted. Given that the U.S. imports more than 90 percent of its seafood, aquaculture presents a powerful opportunity to increase domestic supply and reduce the nation's seafood trade deficit, which now totals over $13 billion.
"Marine aquaculture provides a means and an opportunity to support both human livelihoods and economic growth, in addition to providing food security," said co-author Ben Halpern, executive director of the UCSB-affiliated National Center for Ecological Analysis and Synthesis (NCEAS). "It's not a question of if aquaculture will be part of future food production but, instead, where and when. Our results help guide that trajectory."
To determine aquaculture's global potential, the researchers identified areas where ocean conditions are suitable enough to support farms. They used synthesized data on oceanographic parameters like ocean depth and temperature and the biological needs of 180 species of finfish and bivalve mollusks, such as oysters and mussels.
The research team ruled out places that would come into conflict with other human uses, such as high shipping zones and marine protected areas, and excluded ocean depths that exceed 200 meters, following current industry practice to keep their assessment economically realistic. Their analysis did not consider all possible political or social constraints that may limit production.
"There's so much area available that there's a lot of flexibility to think about how to do this in the best way for conservation, economic development and other uses," said Gentry.
Co-author Halley Froehlich noted that aquaculture could also help make up for the limitations of wild-caught fisheries. In the past two decades, the wild-caught industry has hit a production wall, stagnating at about 90 million metric tons, with little evidence that things will pick up.
"Aquaculture is expected to increase by 39 percent in the next decade," said Froehlich, a postdoctoral researcher at NCEAS. "Not only is this growth rate fast, but the amount of biomass aquaculture produces has already surpassed wild seafood catches and beef production."
Froehlich emphasized that it will be crucial for science, conservation, policy and industry to work together to proactively ensure fish farms are not just well placed but also well managed, such as balancing nutrient inputs and outputs to avoid pollution and monitoring for diseases. This study is a step in that collaborative direction.
"Like any food system, aquaculture can be done poorly; we've seen it," she said, referring to the boom and bust of shrimp farming in the 1990s, a fallout of poor management. "This is really an opportunity to shape the future of food for the betterment of people and the environment."
###
This research is part of the Science for Nature and People Partnership, a collaboration of NCEAS, The Nature Conservancy and the Wildlife Conservation Society.
Scroll for more content...
The outbreak of the Nipah virus that killed 17 people in the southern state of Kerala was declared over Sunday.
India had its first brush with the virus in May, when three people were reported to have died from it. Health officials soon moved swiftly to identify and quarantine anyone who might have had contact with those people.
In total, 19 people were infected; the last two people who were infected but recovered were released from the hospital last month.
"We are in a celebratory mood," said Rajeev Sadanandan, additional chief secretary for the state's Department of Health and Family Welfare.
Those celebrations were accompanied by a music video, released by a group of local artists whose aim was to show the unity of the people of Kerala.
The video was shot over three days, and all the artists provided their services for free, said the video's director, who goes by the name Regilesh Star Voice.
"During the period of the Nipah virus, a majority of the local people were feeling lonely, and everybody was afraid. We made this music video dedicated to the public to show how proud we are of having tackled this crisis," he said.
The video shows locals enjoying their everyday lives, going to malls and working in markets, a marked change from the subdued condition of the past two months. Young girls dance on the streets, and older men sit and chat in restaurants.
Kerala's first run-in with the Nipah virus came when the brother of the person considered patient zero was admitted to a hospital May 16 in Kozhikode, a city in northern Kerala. The attending neurologist, Dr. Jayakrishnan Chellenton, became suspicious after noticing the patient's high blood pressure and realizing that his brother had died after showing similar symptoms, and raised his concerns with the neurology team.
The symptoms were different from the usual cases of encephalitis -- inflammation of the brain -- that come their way.
The team immediately sent samples to a virology lab in Manipal, about 300 kilometers (186 miles) away. "We felt that we are seeing something that is not commonly seen," Chellenton said.
Chellenton, who likes to read medical books and articles in his free time, recalled an article he had read a week prior detailing the different cases of encephalitis in India and making a passing mention of the Nipah virus.
Infection with Nipah can cause a range of symptoms including fever, headache, confusion and disorientation. More severe symptoms include acute respiratory syndrome, in which the lungs cannot get enough oxygen to the body, and fatal encephalitis.
People can get the virus from contact with infected bats, pigs or humans.
Virologist Dr. Arunkumar Govindakarnavar at the Manipal Centre for Virus Research was first to assess the samples from Kerala.
His lab had been equipped to test for the Nipah virus in August by the National Centre for Disease Control under the global health security agenda.
As the samples were being tested, Chellenton and his team at the hospital began examining and cataloging the symptoms. "By the process of exclusion, this was the only virus that could satisfy the symptoms of the patients," he said.
By the next day, even they were convinced that they were dealing with the Nipah virus, and as they quarantined the patient, two more victims were admitted.
Govindakarnavar unofficially confirmed the Nipah virus and forwarded the samples for further testing. "That was the key in the success. Within 12 hours of the samples reaching the lab, we diagnosed it. That was the key in the containment."
With the foresight of Chellenton's team and the rapid isolation of the patients, no one in the hospital was infected.
A nurse at another hospital, Lini Puthussery, contracted the virus while taking care of patients and died.
"This experience has taught us to be more cautious while dealing with patients. We never thought that we would have something like this in India, especially in Kerala," Chellenton said.
Chellenton's hospital received five patients infected with the virus, and none of them survived.
Doctors struggle to find out what drugs people have taken
24/4/18 - A&E at Middelheim Hospital in Antwerp is regularly confronted with youngsters on drugs. Some youngsters are addicts; most are teenagers experimenting with drugs, and often alcohol, including some 10 year olds. The challenge is to identify the drugs
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Doctors struggle to find out what drugs people have taken
24/4/18 - A&E at Middelheim Hospital in Antwerp is regularly confronted with youngsters on drugs. Some youngsters are addicts; most are teenagers experimenting with drugs, and often alcohol, including some 10 year olds. The challenge is to identify the drugs
SAN DIEGO — A Spring Valley woman became the first person in the San Diego region to test positive for West Nile virus this year, but it's unclear whether she contracted the disease locally, county health officials reported Friday.
The 49-year-old woman became ill with a headache and rash on the fourth day of a trip outside the country. Because illness can occur between two and 14 days after being bitten by a mosquito, health officials don't know where she was infected.
The county Health and Human Services Agency said she was not hospitalized and has fully recovered.
County officials took advantage of the situation to remind residents to take precautions against mosquito bites by dumping even small amounts of standing water, wearing long pants and sleeves while outdoors or using a repellent.
Last year, 22 San Diego County residents tested positive for West Nile virus and two died.
While most infected people won't even notice it, about one-fifth of those who get sick will have mild symptoms like headaches, fever, nausea, fatigue, skin rashes or swollen glands. The disease can lead to serious illness or death in rare cases.
So far this year, county vector control personnel have recovered 32 dead birds that tested positive for the virus, as well as eight batches of mosquitoes. A horse in Escondido also tested positive.
More information about the disease is available online.
NEW YORK, May 3 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - An elderly man is suing a Mississippi funeral home he claims refused to cremate his husband's body in a landmark case that campaigners say could widen the rights of gay people in the conservative state.
John Zawadski, 82, filed the civil suit in state court after he sought the services of the Picayune Funeral Home for his partner of 52 years but was told the business did not "deal with their kind," according to the complaint.
His attorney Beth Littrell, from gay rights group Lambda Legal, said she believed this was the first case in which somebody was suing for discrimination based on sexual orientation for being refused services at a funeral home.
Mississippi has been a hotbed of activity over equality, privacy and religious freedom after the U.S. Supreme Court in 2015 legalized same-sex marriage in all 50 U.S. states, said a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign, an advocacy group for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people.
Last year a federal judge blocked a Mississippi law that was intended to allow people who objected on religious grounds to refuse weddings and other services to LGBT people. The law is currently under review.
According to the suit, the funeral home in southern Mississippi did not follow through with an oral agreement to transport and cremate the body of Robert Huskey last May.
The decision came after paperwork identified his surviving spouse as a man, it said.
"The turmoil ... marred the memory of Bob's otherwise peaceful passing," the complaint said.
Relatives were unable to gather friends for the service as they had intended, it said, after scrambling to find another funeral home offering cremation some 90 miles (145 km) away.
"I felt as if all the air had been knocked out of me," Zawadski said in a statement. "No one should be put through what we were put through."
Zawadski, whose nephew is a co-plaintiff in the case, is seeking damages for breach of contract and emotional distress.
An attorney for the defense, Silas McCharen, said in an emailed statement that Picayune Funeral Home had never refused to provide funeral services based on sexual orientation. He denied the funeral home's co-owner had said the words "deal with their kind".
In the Mississippi town of Oxford, activist Gail Stratton said she hoped the suit would further the rights of LGBT people statewide as debate on the issue and acceptance were on the rise.
"There absolutely has to be legal challenges," said the spokeswoman with LGBT rights group PFLAG.
"I truly think we're just like decades behind the rest of the country on that," she told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in a phone interview. (Reporting by Sebastien Malo @sebastienmalo, Editing by Belinda Goldsmith; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
But former health secretary Janette Garin denies the allegation, saying the government has continuously funded the nationwide Barangay Health Stations project
Published 4:45 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Senators linked the P8.1-billion Barangay Health Stations (BHS) project to the controversial P3.5 billion-Dengvaxia program, saying funding for the two programs were both rushed for the 2016 elections.
Senate health committee chairman Joseph Victor Ejercito said this on Wednesday, July 4, as the panel conducted an inquiry into the nationwide BHS project that started under the Aquino administration.
"I would say so kasi December 29, 2015, lumabas ang SARO (Special Allotment Release Order) eh. That's the last day of 2015, so kasabay din po ito ng Dengvaxia. Actually isang page sila," Ejercito told reporters after the hearing, when asked for the possible connection of the project with the 2016 polls.
(I would say so because the SARO was released on December 29, 2015. That's the last day of 2015 so it's the same time as Dengvaxia. Actually, their SAROs are in the same page.)
But the release of the funding did not mean the immediate completion of the project. The construction was not expected to be finished before then President Benigno Aquino III stepped down on June 30, 2016.
Asked how the previous administration could have benefitted from it given this circumstance, Ejercito couldn't provide an answer.
“Well, 'yun ang hindi ko alam. Ayoko na lang makialam. Eh sa ganyan bakit hinabol? Alam naman natin minsan 'yung infrastructure projects ay maraming milagrong nangyayari diyan. Obviously, it was also done in haste. Medyo mabilis-bilis din ang pagkakabigay. Ang ano doon, magkasabay sila ng Dengvaxia,” he said.
(Well, that I don't know. I don't want to interfere. But why did they rush it? We all now that sometimes, infrastructure projects are marred by irregularities. Obviously, it was also done in haste. The funding release was fast. And what [stands out] there is that it was done at the same time as Dengvaxia.)
During the Senate hearing, Health Undersecretary Roger Tong-An told the panel that the SARO for BHS was issued on December 29, 2015, less than 5 months before the 2016 presidential elections and about 6 months before Aquino left office.
Upon Senate President Vicente Sotto III's questioning, Tong-An said the SARO number for the said project was 150028813.
“Do you also have the SARO number of the Dengvaxia fund?” Sotto asked, referring to the dengue immunization program.
Tong-An replied that the Dengvaxia program's SARO number was 150028814.
“Ah magkasunod ito (So they were released one after the other)?” Sotto said.
Ejercito then pointed out that the SARO for the two programs was released at the same time on December 29.
“So this was released December 29? As far as I can remember, the same release date of the Dengvaxia kaya po siguro natanong ni Senator Sotto (maybe that's why Senator Sotto asked about it),” Ejercito said.
Former health secretary Janette Garin denied the project and funding were rushed, saying the government is “continuously funding” the program every year. It just so happened, she said, that they used the savings to fill the huge gap of 3,200 stations in the number of BHS nationwide.
The source of the funding was the Miscellaneous Personnel Benefits Fund (MPBF), the item in the budget allocating funds for unfilled positions in the executive branch of government. MPBF savings could only be realigned until the end of the same fiscal year. (READ: Senators hit 'dangerous' gov't practice of not filling posts for savings)
“Hindi siya hinabol noong December 29. Savings siya mula MPBF na pwedeng i-augment. We used it to fund 3,200 stations out of 22,000 BHS (That was not rushed on December 29. It came from MPBF savings so we could use it for augmentation. We used it to fund 3,200 stations out of 22,000 BHS),” Garin told Rappler in a phone interview.
“Wala nang magreretire, wala ng iba, so we decided to use it for augmentation. Nasa GAA [General Appropriations Act] 'yan (There were no further retirements, other expenses, so we decided to use it for augmentation. It's in the GAA),” she added.
During the hearing, Health Secretary Francisco Duque III, his predecessor Paulyn Ubial, and Senators Ejercito and Sherwin Gatchalian slammed the "poor planning" of Garin and her team. While they all agreed that the program's intention was good, the execution was problematic.
The BHS project, implemented under the Aquino administration, aims to establish 5,700 rural health units to ensure barangays have access to primary health care. Elementary schools were to be identified as sites for the health stations.
Duque said the root cause of all the problems is the "very defective" planning from the start.
Duque pointed out that several health stations were constructed in areas where just a few steps away, school-based and rural health stations were already present. DOH officials and contractor JBros Construction Corporation both agreed there was lack of coordination between the DOH and the Department of Education (DepEd), as some school principals refused to grant spaces for the health stations.
The Commission on Audit said in its report that the project "was obstructed by ineligible and non-workable project sites that were not fully validated before project contracting and implementation due to absence of specific guidelines."
Garin has requested documents from COA and the Duque-formed task force so she could address matters being raised about the project. – Rappler.com
BRIEF-AGNC Investment's estimated net book value of $21.04 per common share as of May 31, 2017
* Agnc investment -It's estimated net book value of $21.04 per common share and estimated net tangible book value of $19.48 per common share as of May 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HE'S one of the hottest Australians in Hollywood but Luke Bracey is still taking it all in.
The Sydney-raised actor, 27, attended the Oscars this year after starring in Mel Gibson's Academy Award-winning film, Hacksaw Ridge.
“That was a pinch yourself moment, gosh, I'm sitting third row at the Oscars behind Meryl Streep,” Bracey said.
“And next to me was Alicia Vikander, who won the Oscar the year before. Oh, right, this is cool ... the movie I'm in won Oscars.”
Bracey is in model mode as the face of Ralph Lauren's Polo Red Extreme fragrance, starring in a smouldering ad campaign, wearing leather and pictured on a motorbike, shot in Santa Barbara.
Camera Icon Luke Bracey in red hot form at the launch of Ralph Lauren's Polo Red Extreme in Sydney. Picture: Supplied Picture: Supplied
It's been a long way from Summer Bay to Sunset Boulevard for Bracey. The former Home and Away actor, who has been based in Hollywood for the past seven years, admits he still has pinched yourself moments.
“I remember driving on Sunset Boulevard, driving west, and that light that comes through LA is orange and pink and kind of beautiful, and LA Woman by The Doors was on the radio, ‘yeahhhhh Hollywood bungalow,'” Bracey said, breaking into song.
Camera Icon Rising Hollywood star Luke Bracey relies on his mates to keep it real. Picture: Christian Gilles Picture: News Corp Australia
“And I was like, I live in a Hollywood bungalow. I'm in Los Angeles!
“You're in LA when you're unemployed, and then you get a job and you're off.”
Bracey will shoot action thriller Poacher in Tasmania early next year with Nick Nolte.
“I've been in and out of LA for seven years. I was 20 when I got there and it was kind of terrifying,” Bracey said.
“It takes you a while to meet friends. A lot of my close friends aren't really in the business, just how it turned out. It's a tough city especially when you're pounding away.”
Camera Icon Suited up at the Golden Globes earlier this year. Picture: Getty Images Picture: Getty Images
“I've been very fortunate with some things that have come my way and I haven't screwed up too bad.”
So how does Bracey take to modelling for Polo Ralph Lauren?
“Model mode is different to acting,” Bracey notes. “In acting, I've got a bit of a safety net ... I've got some words that someone has written for me and a character to fall back on, it's not necessarily ‘me'.”
Camera Icon Luke Bracey, pictured with his Hacksaw Ridge director Mel Gibson and producer Bill Mechanic. Picture: Getty Images Picture: AFP
“ This is stripped down and it's really intimidating. You're exposing yourself in a different way to acting.
“The fragrance is about taking risks and grabbing life and going for it. That adrenaline rush in life is from doing things that scare you, whatever it is. This is kind of terrifying, putting yourself out there like this.”
Of course, Bracey always has his mates to keep him in check.
“You can also see all your mates standing in the corner laughing at you as well, going, ‘go on, mate, get a real job, dude.'”
Tropical General Investments (TGI) Group, an international investment and holding company with diversified interests and investments in Nigeria, Ghana, Republic of Benin, Morocco, UAE, South Africa, India and several other emerging markets has announced a landmark agreement with the Nigerian Football Federation (NFF) to support our senior National Football teams, in their quest to win laurels for Nigeria.
At a joint press briefing which took place at the Godswill Akpabio International Stadium in Uyo on Friday, the NFF unveiled the TGI Group as the official food sponsor of the Super Eagles for the next three years.
TGI Group is the parent company of WACOT Limited, Chi Limited and other companies, producers of household brands such as Big Bull Rice, CHIVITA, Hollandia Yoghurt and Renew Starch.
“We are enormously ecstatic to come on board as supporters of the Nigerian football national teams,” said Mr. Onyekachi Onubogu, the Executive Director of TGI Group who represented the Group Managing Director, Mr. Rahul Savara, “the sponsorship is a further demonstration of the commitment of our business to the development of Nigeria in all facets”.
“We strongly believe in our investments in the Agricultural value chain and its impact on the socio-economic development of Nigeria and this new partnership we are starting with the Nigerian Football Federation will allow us to expand our footprint to the development of football in the country. We are resolutely committed to increasing our investments in the Nigerian economy, increasing employment and local content while supporting the communities we operate in”.
Continuing, Mr. Onubogu said, “the TGI Group has over three decades of experience in building local and regional sustainable businesses in fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), agriculture, agro-allied, healthcare, chemicals, etc.
He also disclosed that because of the agreement between his company and NFF, the TGI Group will be allowed to reward the best Nigerian player with the ‘Man of the Match' award on the days of all qualifying matches.
It would be recalled that Vice President Yemi Osinbajo recently commissioned the integrated WACOT Rice Mill in Argungu, Kebbi State. The Vice President also commissioned the Edo State Fertilizer and Chemical Company Limited (ESFCCL), managed by WACOT Limited.
While emphasizing the unifying role of soccer in Nigeria, Mr. Onubogu stated that the goal of his conglomerate is to ensure that the Super Eagles does not only qualify for the 2018 World Cup but that the team puts up an unprecedented impressive performance at the competition in Russia.
Speaking on behalf of the NFF, the President, Mr. Amaju Pinnick commended the TGI Group for their timely support for the Senior National Male Football team while also appealing to other corporate organizations to emulate the gesture.
He further disclosed that with the sponsorship by TGI, the Board and Management of NFF are better convinced that the goal of participating and excelling in the 2018 World Cup by the Super Eagles will be a reality.
His words, “The coming on board of the TGI Group is going to be a tremendously exciting development for the team. The opportunity to have the support of TGI Group and the reward for the ‘Man of the Match' will have a huge benefit, putting the team in the best place possible to achieve our goals. We also talk a lot about creating memories and no doubt working with TGI Group will create some fantastic memories.”
Share on: WhatsApp
Comments
comments
Police have released their latest list of mobile speed camera locations.
Avon and Somerset police will be out and about monitoring driving speeds across Bath and North East Somerset in the coming week.
They will have their mobile speed cameras at the following spots in the week starting Monday, August 14, but may also enforce at other locations.
A36 Warminster Road, Bath (30mph) Sites: 3006 & 3047
A362 Farrington Gurney (30mph) Site: 3075
A367 Wellsway, Bath (30mph) Site: 3173
A368 Bath Road, Herriotts Bridge, North Widcombe (50mph) Site: 3083
A368 Compton Martin (30mph) Site: 3127
A37 Pensford Hill (40mph) Site: 3150
A4 Batheaston Bypass (50mph) Site: 3163
A431 Kelston Road, Bath (30mph) Site: 3033
A46 Swainswick Bypass (50mph) Site: 3165
Albert Road, Keynsham (20mph) Site: 2998
B3110 Midford Road, Bath (30mph) Site: 3161
B3110 Midford Road, Midford (30mph) Site: 2675
B3110, Hinton Charterhouse (30mph) Site: 3015
B3114 Bristol Road, Chew Stoke (20mph) Site: 2976
B3114 Chapel Lane, Chew Stoke (40mph) Site: 7078
B3114 Stoke Hill, Chew Stoke (20mph) Site: 2647
B3114, Litton (30mph) Site: 3261
B3115 North Road, Timsbury (20mph) Site: 2659
Bathampton Lane, Bathampton (20mph) Site: 3137
Bloomfield Park, Bath (20mph) Site: 2648
Bromley Road, Stanton Drew (20mph) Site: 2672
Catherine Way, Batheaston (20mph) Site: 2665
Cavendish Road, Bath (20mph) Site: 2652
Claverton Down Road, Bath (20mph) Site: 2673
Claverton Down Road, Combe Down, Bath (30mph) Site: 2670
Coronation Avenue, Keynsham (20mph) Site: 2993
Englishcombe Lane, Southdown, Bath (20mph) Site: 2978
Green Lane, Hinton Charterhouse (20mph) Site: 2658
Ham Lane, Paulton (20mph) Site: 2655
Kelston View, Whiteway, Bath (20mph) Site: 2979
Lansdown Lane, Weston, Bath (20mph) Site: 2984
Manor Road, Saltford (20mph) Site: 2988
