The Latest on the attack in Burkina Faso (all times local):
7 a.m.
Turkey says a Turkish national was killed and another was wounded in the attack by suspected Islamic extremists at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso.
Turkey's Foreign Ministry released a statement Monday condemning "in the strongest way" the attack on the upscale Aziz Istanbul restaurant which killed at least 18 people.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours Monday.
The ministry statement said Turkey would maintain its support and solidarity with Burkina Faso, which it said had become the target of international terror over the past years.
———
Suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso late Sunday, killing at least 18 people in the second such attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the last two years.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours Monday. Gunfire could be heard almost seven hours after the attack began.
Communication Minister Remi Dandjinou told journalists that at least 18 people were dead and eight others wounded, according to a provisional toll. He said two of the attackers were also killed.
The victims came from several different nationalities, he said. At least one of the dead was French.
Security forces arrived at the scene with armored vehicles after reports of shots fired near Aziz Istanbul, an upscale restaurant in Ouagadougou. The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead.
Police Capt. Guy Ye said three or four assailants had arrived at the Aziz Istanbul restaurant on motorcycles, and then began shooting randomly at the crowds dining Sunday evening.
Burkina Faso, a landlocked nation in West Africa, is one of the poorest countries in the world. It shares a northern border with Mali, which has long battled Islamic extremists.
The three attackers in the 2016 massacre were of foreign origin, according to al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, which claimed responsibility in the aftermath along with the jihadist group known as Al Mourabitoun. But the terror threat in Burkina Faso is increasingly homegrown, experts say.
The northern border region is now the home of a local preacher, Ibrahim Malam Dicko, who radicalized and has claimed recent deadly attacks against troops and civilians. His association, Ansarul Islam, is now considered a terrorist group by Burkina Faso's government.
Charles Barkley's breakup with Michael Jordan proves his greatness It still pains Charles Barkley. He and Michael Jordan were once best friends, but they don't speak anymore. “It's disappointing and it hurts a lot,” Barkley said. A couple of...
The problems with Jets 'sucking' for next year's QB crop The 2017 NFL draft has not even begun yet, and the 2018 draft already is on the mind of many Jets fans. “Suck for Sam” seems to be the battle...
Hall of Fame exec: Maccagnan's 1st Jets year nearly perfect SAN FRANCISCO — Jets general manager Mike Maccagnan has an admirer in Hall of Fame GM Bill Polian. Polian, who built Super Bowl teams in Buffalo and Indianapolis, said he...
The man Woody Johnson should hire saving the Jets Bill Polian for president. Allow me to explain why Woody Johnson should go on the campaign trail for the man who is best equipped to fix the Jets. Long before...
Polian: Plenty of time to improve Jets Panic is taking hold in many segments of the Jets fan base as each day goes by with general manager John Idzik not signing free agents. So far, Idzik has...
The Hoff like you've never seen him before The Hoff is back. David Hasselhoff returns to American television with “Hoff The Record,” a six-episode mockumentary series spoofing the “Baywatch”/“Knight Rider” star's very public life and career. (There's even...
AXS TV grabs 'Nashville' repeats for fall Cable network AXS TV has acquired the repeats of ABC musical drama “Nashville” to start airing this fall. It's the first big series acquisition for the music-focused channel, which is...
Tom Green gets second AXS TV helping AXS TV has ordered a second season of “Tom Green Live,” its one-hour live interview show that features the comedian talking with celebrities. The new season premieres Jan. 9 at...
A man walks past graffiti that reads in Spanish "Corrupt police. Murderers-Thieves," In Managua, Nicaragua, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Human rights groups say clashes between police and protesters left nearly 30 dead since people took to the streets last week to oppose tax hikes and benefit cuts meant to shore up the ailing social security system. Alfredo Zuniga AP Photo
Do you put on makeup at a red light or text while you're driving? Driving while distracted is becoming enough of a concern that the month of February was dubbed Distracted Driving Month.
Although statistics from Alberta Transportation show the number of distracted driving convictions has gone down about 10 percent from 2015 to 2017, last year over 20,000 people were fined $287 and given three demerit points.
A recent advertising campaign from Alberta Transportation focuses on teenagers with one titled “Put urself before selfies” showing four young women getting ready to go out and ending in them nearly getting hit by another car while they try to take a selfie together.
The other one focuses on both friends and food:
According to the Alberta Transportation website, distracted driving includes:
using hand-held cell phones
texting or e-mailing (even when stopped at red lights)
using electronic devices like laptop computers, video games, cameras, video entertainment displays and programming portable audio players (e.g., MP3 players)
entering information on GPS units
reading printed materials in the vehicle
writing, printing or sketching
personal grooming (brushing and flossing teeth, putting on makeup, curling hair, clipping nails or shaving)
According to the Traffic Injury Research Foundation website “Despite increasing fines and penalties for distracted driving, nearly one in four fatal crashes in 2013 involved distraction.”
Police stress this is a big safety issue. Supt. Gary Graham, officer in charge of Alberta RCMP Traffic Services spoke to the real danger of distracted driving saying, “As a driver, you play a large part in ensuring our roads are safe.”
He stresses the importance of putting your cell phone away and focusing on the road.
“The message, then, is very simple: don't increase your chance of being involved in a collision.”
Ninety seven per cent of over 130,000 convictions since distracted driving legislation was introduced were for using a hand-held electronic device such as a cell phone while driving. Brian Mason, minister of transportation has the final word:
“Distracted driving is dangerous at any time. Drivers need to be aware of all traffic around them, including other vehicles and vulnerable road users. Please focus on driving ­– and driving, alone.”
myra.nicks@sylvanlakenews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
The mobile gaming world today is a huge moneymaker, with in-app purchases generating way too much money in revenue. Even popular desktop games like Fortnite and PUBG are making their way to phones to get a piece of the pie. These types of games often have events, and the Play Store's 'My apps & games' page can now show notices for them.
The feature is pretty straightforward: it gives a short summary of the event in question in order to promote those who have it installed to hit 'Open.' In this instance, there's some sort of summoning event for the game Fire Emblem Heroes. The feature is definitely primarily meant for games, though other apps may also be able to take advantage of it.
Let us know if you've seen this for any other apps/games, as this is our first time seeing it.
It's taken fourteen months, but President Trump has finally figured out what's wrong with America. In a recent 5:25 a.m. tweet following the Oscars, he declared: “Problem is, we don't have Stars anymore — except your President (just kidding, of course)!” His long history of self-aggrandizing statements would suggest that he is not kidding, but the tweet speaks to a broader schism that has existed between Trump and pop culture for decades. What began as mockery throughout Trump's years as a businessman has transformed since he announced his candidacy into a self-stylized resistance, not just to the man himself, but to the cultural forces of intolerance and distrust that helped lead to his election. Highly recognizable media figures like Meryl Streep and Oprah have expanded their roles in the public sphere to become not just icons but cultural crusaders. This, presumably, is what Trump means when he writes that we don't have “stars” anymore — because those stars are aligned against him.
Yes, we have come a long way since Hollywood's so-called Golden Age, when movie stars symbolized not politics or rancor or trending hashtags, but abstract, nonpartisan ideals like glamor and grace. But like so many presidential late-night tweets, this conceptualization is a fiction. The idea of Hollywood as the face of unpatriotic, even dangerous political sentiment is far from new, and the entertainment industry has never been sheltered from the political climate. In 1947, 40 movie industry employees were infamously subpoenaed by the House Un-American Activities Committee for their suspected Communist beliefs, and hundreds more were listed on a blacklist that prevented them from finding work over the following decades. Furthermore, movie stars and other popular entertainment industry icons draw their status almost entirely from popular opinion. (Look no further than the #TimesUp movement to see how quickly superstar status can wither in the face of public outrage). If stars today would rather talk about political and social issues than more vapid concerns, they are supported at least in part by an audience that prizes and incentivizes engagement over apathy.
As for the tone of the conversation, it is the job of entertainers to entertain. They know how to use showmanship and humor and sentiment to deliver maximum impact — methods that are not dissimilar to the ones Trump favors, though with the crucial difference of not being applied to actual policymaking or diplomacy. By combining sober political commentary with their core skill set, Hollywood's activists are able to spread their message widely and effectively, perhaps even making their viewpoints seem more accessible, rather than less.
A call against the politicization of the Oscars could be on the surface considered a call for unity, for a momentary, well-deserved pause in partisanship. Why the focus on inclusion, representation and social movements? Why can't award shows just be nights devoted to black tie attire, too-long speeches and celebration of artistic achievement? Ironically enough, the answer can be found in Trump's tweet. We have long looked to movie stars to define who we are as a nation — and that definition is changing. As women and people of color across America push toward cultural equality, that push is reflected on- and off-screen, in movements like #MeToo, #OscarsSoWhite and #AskHerMore and in Best Actress winner Frances McDormand's call for inclusion riders.
Nearly all Americans who reach household name status today are athletes, actors or politicians. In his opposition to the Take a Knee movement, Trump has already taken aim at the athletes who have attempted to make a political statement by insisting they should keep to their sport. The fact that he is now doing the same with actors is notable and concerning, tying into a larger pattern of attacking high-profile critics and harkening back to his ominous proclamation at the 2016 Republican National Convention: “I alone can fix it.” Though we should not be entrusting untrained celebrities with key political decisions (yes, that includes Ivanka), we should still recognize the value of their contributions to the political sphere. We still have stars, but today many of those stars represent more than designer labels and paparazzi — they represent inclusion, empowerment and engaged citizenship. And they shine brighter for it.
Clare Steinman '19 can be reached at clare_steinman@brown.edu. Please send responses to this opinion to letters@browndailyherald.com and op-eds to opinions@browndailyherald.com.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Youngstown police officers on patrol New Year's Eve spotted a driver on Chicago Avenue about 3:25 p.m. that failed to signal a turn.
When police attempted to pull the vehicle over, the driver sped away and a pursuit ensued.
Officers called off the pursuit as the car crossed Midlothian Boulevard. At that time, another police unit in the area was able to clearly see the driver of the car.
According to a police report, officers later saw the same vehicle parked in the driveway of a house on W. Delason Avenue. That is where officers observed a handgun with an extended magazine lying on the floor of the car. Officers also noted there were skid marks behind the vehicle, suggesting it had come to a rapid stop.
At about the same time as the discovery of the vehicle, officers stopped and questioned two men who were walking down W. Delason Avenue. One of the men, Anthony Mercado, 22, was identified by police as the driver the car.
The man walking with Mercado, identified as Dajaun Perry, 22, was searched and found to have a container in his underwear with suspected heroin and cocaine in it.
Both men were arrested and taken to the Mahoning County Jail. Mercado is facing a gun charge and Perry is charged with drug possession.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Intel chief Brian Krzanich said there should be "no hesitation in condemning hate speech"
Two more chief executives have resigned from President Trump's American Manufacturing Council following Charlottesville.
Intel's Brian Krzanich and Under Armour head Kevin Plank have followed Merck's Ken Frazier in leaving the council.
Following mounting pressure, President Trump denounced white supremacists groups on Monday.
A woman was killed on Saturday when a car rammed into a crowd protesting against a white supremacist rally.
After the death, Mr Trump was criticised for not specifically denouncing the far right, instead ascribing blame to "both sides".
'Diversity and inclusion'
Mr Plank sent out a tweet on Monday condemning racism.
"We are saddened by #Charlottesville. There is no place for racism or discrimination in this world. We choose love & unity."
Ten hours later Mr Plank released another statement on Under Armour's Twitter account announcing his resignation from the advisory body.
"I love our country and our company and will continue to focus my efforts on inspiring every person that they can do anything through the power of sport which promotes unity, diversity and inclusion."
Soon after, Mr Krzanich announced in a blog post on Intel's website that he too was leaving the council "to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues, including the serious need to address the decline of American manufacturing".
"Politics and political agendas have sidelined the important mission of rebuilding America's manufacturing base."
In an earlier tweet, he had also said "there should be no hesitation in condemning hate speech or white supremacy by name".
Both men in the past have expressed some admiration for Mr Trump.
Their resignations follow the departure of Ken Frazier, the head of drug's giant Merck, and one of only a handful of black leaders of Fortune 500 companies, on Monday morning.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Donald Trump and Ken Frazier during a previous White House meeting
Mr Frazier said: "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
"America's leaders must honour our fundamental views by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
In response, Mr Trump tweeted that Mr Frazier would now have "more time to lower rip off drug prices".
In January, Mr Trump had called on pharmaceutical companies to cut "astronomical" drug prices.
Skip Twitter post by @realDonaldTrump Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017 Report
Other company heads have previously stepped down from presidential advisory councils in protest at Mr Trump's policies.
Former Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick left the Business Advisory Council in February over the Trump administration's immigration policies.
Tesla's chief executive Elon Musk and Walt Disney's chief executive Robert Iger left the President's Strategic and Policy Forum in June, after Mr Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord.
Mr Musk also left the manufacturing council.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Parents are preparing to pull pints together at a beer and gin festival aimed at topping up Delamere CofE Academy's music provision.
Members of the school's PTA are organising the third annual Delamere Academy Beer and Gin Festival, to be held in the school's grounds at Stoney Lane on Saturday, June 23.
And it looks set to tickle the tastebuds with a good selection of ales and craft beers, produced in Cheshire and North Wales, as well as wine, prosecco and soft drinks.
This year will also feature the all new Gin Bar generously stocked by 32 at the Hollies.
The hard work is hoped to hit the right note with visitors and raise funds which will go towards better equipping the school's music room.
Nicola Gibson is part of the PTA team who have organised the event.
She said: “Last year was a phenomenal success so this year we've expanded our range of gins, beer and soft drinks.
“The band, Gresty's Wasters, were brilliant last time so we've got them back again and we're looking forward to a great evening.”
She added: “The generosity of local businesses who have supported us never ceases to amaze me and this year we've got so many people to thank, it's hard to know where to start!”
Entry costs £10 and includes a generous portion of Frodsham butcher HE Coward's renowned hotpot supper as well as a free souvenir glass.
And an acoustic set from Tim Trapp accompanied by local band Gresty's Wasters will keep the party in full swing.
The event has been sponsored by local businesses, including Neave Creative, Ringwood Fencing, True Careers, Ashton House Nursery, Cheshire House Removals and Delamere Events.
Other businesses have donated raffle prizes worth thousands of pounds.
Ryan Martinez, landlord at recently renamed and relaunched Morris Dancer pub in Kelsall, is one of the main backers.
He said: “Being new to the area we felt it was important to be part of the community and to build relationships for the future.
“Our links with Weetwood and the beer festival go hand-in-hand so it makes sense to be part of it.”
Tickets for the festival, which takes place from 7-11pm, are available from Delamere Stores, Station Road, or at www.ticketsource.co.uk/event/FHHLLG.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's slow response to the deadly white-nationalist attack in Charlottesville, Virginia was shocking to many politicians, experts on extremism and even members of his own party, but nobody could call it surprising.
Groups and researchers that track hate had sounded the alarm throughout Trump's campaign and presidency, warning that his rhetoric and actions were empowering the racist fringe. They're now demanding Trump finally confront a growing threat from hate groups who they say have been energized by his political rise.
"I believe we're at a pivotal movement here, one where the forces of hatred in this country are feeling unfettered to act and emboldened to move out of the shadows," Jonathan Greenblatt, CEO of the Anti-Defamation League, told reporters in a conference call. He called Trump's failure to adequately confront those forces a "serial issue" as a candidate and as president.
Related: Trump Condemns Hate Groups, Calls Racism ‘Evil' Days After Charlottesville Violence
While Greenblatt said Trump's remarks condemning racism on Monday were positive, he added that Trump should have to “step above the lowest possible bar” and pair his words with action. Suggestions included producing a plan to investigate extremists and educate the public about the ongoing threat.
The list of Trump's prior run-ins with the far-right fringe is long and varied. He tweeted fake crime statistics spread by racists to paint black Americans as violent, then defended them as credible. He sparked a firestorm last year when he declined to renounce support from David Duke, who participated in the Charlottesville white-nationalist rally, before later disavowing him. His campaign tweeted an image of Hillary Clinton with a Jewish star that was traced to an extremist user, then claimed it was a sheriff's badge.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Has History of Being Slow to Disavow White Nationalists 1:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Researchers who study extremist groups view the Charlottesville rally, the largest of its kind in recent years, as part of a broader move by white supremacists to play a more aggressive role in politics. This newfound confidence, they say, is inseparable from Trump's attacks on Muslims and immigrants and his references to a conspiracy of global elites that the ADL has complained echo anti-Semitic tropes.
“President Trump's candidacy had so many different themes that were consistent with their views that he really did excite them in a way you haven't seen with other mainstream political figures,” said Peter Simi, a professor of sociology at Chapman University who researches extremism.
Greenblatt described Trump's campaign rhetoric as a "bullhorn" to the far right.
After Trump's election, white nationalist Richard Spencer led a conference in Washington in chants of “Hail Trump!” as attendees raised their arms in a Nazi salute. The White House transition team distanced Trump from the event in a statement at the time, saying he "has continued to denounce racism of any kind.”
Greenblatt and Simi both said Trump should consider removing figures like White House adviser and former Breitbart executive chairman Steve Bannon, who once described his news site as “the platform for the alt right” and has repeatedly cited an anti-immigrant novel, "The Camp Of The Saints," that's a touchstone in far right circles. Bannon has denied any ties to white nationalism.
Trump initially condemned violence "on many sides" in Charlottesville, drawing opprobrium across the political spectrum for comparing scuffles between anti-racist protestors and white supremacists to a deadly car attack that killed Heather Heyer, 32, and injured 19 others.
While Simi said "false equivalence" was a mistake that fed into white supremacist efforts to portray themselves as victims, he warned there was a real danger that far-right, anti-fascist and anarchist groups will adopt more violent tactics in their confrontations if left unchecked.
"I don't have very optimistic views on the next few years," Simi said. "I think the cycle of radicalization is quickly gaining momentum."
Brian Levin, Director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University, San Bernardino, said the president's response was important because there are signs they can play a role in preventing racist violence.
Levin's research found a significant uptick in reported hate crimes against Muslims immediately after Trump announced his plans for a Muslim ban, for example. By contrast, President Bush's speech on tolerance at a mosque shortly after 9/11 coincided with a drop-off in hate crimes, which spiked after the attack.
"This is an extraordinarily strong indication that words matter," Levin said.
He added that his research has found an uptick of hate crimes in major cities since the election, lending more urgency to the issue.
Trump, who has made it a point of pride to condemn Islamic terrorism abroad even before the attackers are named (and sometimes inaccurately), has been notably slower to highlight violence targeting ethnic and religious minorities at home.
A newspaper in Kansas criticized Trump in February for not responding quickly enough after a man was charged with fatally shooting an Indian man and wounding two others while telling them "get out of my country." After police charged a man in Portland with fatally stabbing two good Samaritans who defended a Muslim teen he harassed, Trump waited days to praise the victims on Twitter for "standing up to hate and intolerance." More recently, the White House stayed silent after an explosive device set by unknown perpetrators went off at a mosque in Minnesota last week.
Days before the Charlottesville attack, Trump's deputy assistant Sebastian Gorka mocked concerns over far-right violence in an interview with Breitbart as an effort to distract from Islamic terrorism.
"It's this constant, 'Oh, it's the white man, it's the white supremacists, that's the problem,'" Gorka, a former Breitbart editor, said in the segment. “No, it isn't.”
Image caption Wiltshire Council said the trees were in a "poor condition"
A town which had its trees chopped down in a council blunder the night before being judged for Britain in Bloom has been awarded a gold.
Volunteers were left "horrified" when Wiltshire Council cut down trees in the Market Place in Melksham ahead of a South West Britain in Bloom bid.
Despite the tree stumps and "enormous mess" left, the town was given its highest award to date by judges.
Kathy Iles, chair of Melksham Bloomers, said it was "absolutely amazing".
The trees in the town's Market Place were removed by the council as part of a planned redevelopment.
Ms Iles said she had been walking "the route for a last check" when she saw contractors cutting them down and making an "enormous mess".
Despite trying to get them to stop, the area was left with just a tree stump and a half-felled tree with "Christmas lights dangling from it".
Image caption The trees were removed from Melksham's Market Place by the council as part of a planned redevelopment
"It wasn't possible to hide it and there was no way we could cover it up, it was just really unfortunate," said Ms Iles.
"But there's an RHS judging rule that any areas under redevelopment are not judged.
"When they announced we got the gold, I'm surprised they didn't hear me scream in Melksham. It was the most incredible feeling."
Wiltshire Council apologised but said the trees had been in poor condition and were removed as "part of ongoing investment in Melksham".
Christmas came early for users of one Lancashire library this week.
READ MORE: Fulwood library will reopen “soon”
Reopening of Fulwood Library with young VIP 12 year old Oliver J. Porter
They got the best possible present when the doors to Fulwood library re-opened 14 months after it was closed in a council economy drive.
There to perform the official opening was one youngster whose belief the Garstang Road library would open again never wavered - 12 year old Oliver Porter.
He was invited to join Lancashire County Council leader Coun Geoff Driver to co-open the venue watched by a crowd of around 100 people.
Oliver and his mother Jane had fought a dedicated campaign against the library closure, collecting nearly 4,000 signatures for a protest petition. When the Conservatives took power at county hall in May they vowed to reopen all of the libraries which were closed by the previous administration.
Fulwood library has re-opened
Coun Driver said : “Oliver has been coming here since he as a baby and when they were closing and staff were having a farewell do with a cup of tea for the regulars Oliver was invited but said he wasn't going because it was going to reopen.”
Describing the re-opening was “absolutely fabulous”, he added: “It was a great shame it was closed. It's cost a lot of money to reopen it.”
Oliver said of his moment of fame: “It felt good - I like reading books and borrowing them from here and I like printing.”
Mum Jane, a dentist at Royal Preston Hospital, said: “I'm absolutely ecstatic. It's brilliant. Oliver's faith never wavered at all. It's brilliant for the community as well.”
Urging the public to use the library "even more" she added that, as the facility has been equipped as a multi-purpose space, it would be good to see it used for plays and other performances.
Mum Gemma Jones (pictured) was there to sign up her new twins Tilly and Stanley, as new members. and said: "I think it's wonderful because it's giving my two newest members of the family somewhere close by where they can get into books from a really early age and maybe have some fun and games if they do the baby sessions."
She added that her daughter Scarlett, three, had enjoyed attending the Baby Bounce and Rhyme sessions at the library previously.
Meanwhile veteran charity knitter Arthur Wilkinson, 84, hopes the library's knitting group will re-start. Sitting at a table, knitting a bobble hat, he said: "I learned to knit when I was ten at the end of the war when the army was coming back and a lot of them had no clothes, We had to make square patches which were sewed up to make blankets to wrap people in."
Arthur said he now makes 80 -100 bobble hats a year for a local charity and hopes a knitting group can be re-established at the library, perhaps meeting twice monthly. He said: "Twelve to 15 people used to come. I felt like crying when it closed so I was jubilant when I heard it was re-opening."
New library manager Orsolya Wilkinson said: "I feel excited about the re-opening and happy to see all the people coming in and coming back and asking about all the activities and groups they would like to re-establish, which we are more than happy to do."
An activity "wish tree" has been set up in the libary and the public are being invited to write suggestions for things they want to see happening at the library and hang their wish on the tree.
The library will be open Monday, Thursday and Friday from 9am - 5pm, on Tuesdays and Saturdays from 9am to 1pm and on Wednesdays from 9am to 7pm.
A man lays a flower at a memorial along Yonge Street, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Toronto, the day after a driver drove a van down sidewalks, striking and killing numerous pedestrians in his path. The Canadian Press via AP Nathan Denette
A Florida woman's plan to rob a jewelry shop was foiled when she got locked in the store's vault.
Fatima Milanovic, 46, tried to dupe the owner of ECJ Luxe Collection in Boca Raton, but her scheme to steal more than $6 million in diamonds didn't work out as planned, according to the Sun Sentinel.
Owner Bobby Yampolsky said he knew something was off when Milanovic visited the store on March 18 claiming to represent a buyer, but didn't bring any equipment to examine the jewels.
“She came here to inspect stones without bringing any tools, no magnifying glass, no diamond dealers loop, nothing, so it was obvious she was about to pull something,” Yampolsky said.
According to Yampolsky, he took her to look at the jewels inside the store's vault, where she kept trying to distract him. Meanwhile, she allegedly had a replica package with fake stones inside of her bag.
“That's how she tried to scam us,” Yampolsky said. “She brought her own materials, wrapped it herself with her own tape and tried to pull the switch because she had the identical package in her bag, pre-made.”
Yampolsky caught on to her alleged scheme and locked Milanovic in the vault while he called the cops.
Police arrested Milanovic on charges of grand theft and organized fraud. She was booked at Palm Beach County Jail and released on $50,000 bond on March 20.
Milanovic's attorney Richard Cooper told The Post that she never intended to commit a crime.
“We strenuously deny these serious allegations and look forward to vindication once all the facts come out,” Cooper said in a statement. “We believe that Ms. Milanovic was misguided by people she trusted and had no intent to ever commit a crime while visiting the U.S. Ms. Milanovic is a mother and wife missing her family back home in France and we look forward to having these charges dropped and reuniting her with her loved ones.”
A child in Acton was airlifted to the hospital Monday after being hit by a truck.
The incident happened shortly after 12:15 p.m. Monday on the 32900 block of Listie Avenue, north of Soledad Canyon Road and south of Sierra Highway.
Paramedics with the Los Angeles County Fire Department were dispatched 12:19 p.m. to reports of a pedestrian struck by a vehicle, Fire Department Inspector Melanie Flores told The Signal.
“This was a auto versus pedestrian,” she said, describing the vehicle as a truck.
The identity, age and gender of the child were not disclosed.
Paramedics, who arrived at the scene at 12:26 p.m., called for an “airship” helicopter a few minutes later.
jholt@signalscv.com
661-287-5527
on Twitter @jamesarthurholt
Image copyright PA Image caption The pair developed a strong friendship in the months before Bradley's death in July last year
Former Sunderland footballer Jermain Defoe is to be honoured for his friendship with young Bradley Lowery.
The six-year-old avid Sunderland fan, from Blackhall Colliery in County Durham, died in July 2017 from a rare form of childhood cancer.
He was a mascot for the Black Cats and struck up a close friendship with Defoe, who now plays for Bournemouth.
The player is to be named Personality of the Year at the North East Football Writers' Association's annual awards.
The award, which is given in association with the Sir Bobby Robson Foundation cancer charity, recognises those who use their position in football to benefit the wider community.
The youngster's plight touched thousands of well-wishers and a charity in his name was launched by his parents after hundreds of thousands of pounds was raised.
Image copyright PA Image caption Bradley was a special guest and walked down the red carpet at the BBC's Sports Personality of the Year in 2016
Bradley died on 7 July last year having been diagnosed with neuroblastoma when he was 18 months old.
Defoe said he had an "instant connection" with Bradley after visiting the ill youngster in hospital and regularly travelled to the family home to see him.
Sir Bobby's widow, Lady Elsie, said: "The special connection between Bradley and Jermain was apparent for everyone to see. I'm very proud that Jermain is receiving our award because it recognises his wonderful compassion and his commitment to helping other children with cancer in Bradley's memory.
"The passion for football in this region means it has great power to do good. The friendship between Bradley and Jermain, and all the positive things that have happened because of it, is proof of that."
Colin Young, secretary of the North East Football Writers' Association, added: "The very special friendship between Bradley Lowery and Jermain Defoe touched the whole country.
"It started from a joint love of football and Sunderland Football Club and blossomed into a bond which was an inspiration to millions of fans across the world."
The awards ceremony is due to take place on 25 February.
Activist investor Carl Icahn has named four nominees to Xerox Corp's board of directors, the company said on Monday, after a current Icahn-appointed director resigned due to a difference of opinion with the board.
The resignation of Jonathan Christodoro, a former managing director of Icahn Capital, ended a standstill arrangement the company and the Icahn Group agreed on in June 2016 and allowed Icahn to make his nominations, Xerox said.
Christodoro, a Xerox's board member since June last year, told Xerox's chairman in a letter that he was one of the four Icahn nominations along with Keith Cozza, Jay Firestone and Randolph Read.
“Until the last few weeks, it appeared that the Board's decisions would be consistent with my views on the best interests of Xerox and our shareholders,” Christodoro wrote in letter on Dec. 8 to Chairman Robert Keegan.
“It now appears, however, that the Board will make decisions and take Xerox in a direction with which I strongly disagree.”
Christodoro did not elaborate on these decisions.
Xerox, in a statement, reaffirmed its full-year forecasts for adjusted operating margin, earnings per share, cash flow and revenue and noted that its stock's near 30 percent rise this year had outperformed the S&P 500.
Icahn Associates Corp is Xerox's largest shareholder with 9.7 percent stake as of September.
Centerview Partners LLC is Xerox's financial adviser and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP its legal adviser.
The African-American chief executive of pharmaceutical giant Merck & Co. Inc. resigned from President Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council Monday after the commander-in-chief failed to condemn white nationalists for deadly violence at a weekend rally in Charlottesville, Va.
“Our country's strength stems from its diversity and the contributions made by men and women of different faiths, faces, sexual orientations and political beliefs. America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal,” Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier said in a statement announcing his departure from the council.
“As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism,” Frazier added.
Less than an hour after Merck released Frazier's statement, Trump slammed the exec in a tweet.
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
“Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!” Trump posted.
Frazier's resignation came after Trump sparked a national backlash Saturday by suggesting that “many sides” were to blame for violence during a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump under fire for blaming Charlottesville violence on 'many sides' 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
One person was killed and more than 19 others were injured during protests at the rally after a car plowed through a group of counter-protesters who were demonstrating against racism.
Trump, in Saturday remarks from his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, said, “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
He added that hate and division in the country must stop, but that it is not linked to his presidency because it has "been going on for a long, long time."
"No matter our color, creed, religion, our political party, we are all Americans first," he said, adding that he'd like for his administration to "study" why such violence is occurring. He didn't take questions from reporters.
Asked for clarification, a White House official later said: "The President was condemning hatred, bigotry and violence from all sources and all sides. There was violence between protesters and counterprotesters today." Vice President Mike Pence told NBC News that the president "stated clearly that he condemns hate and violence in all of its forms."
After Trump's statement Saturday, many Republicans and Democrats criticized Trump for failing to single out white nationalists for the violence.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Activists have called Japan's programme "an illegal whale hunt"
Japanese hunters caught and killed 122 pregnant minke whales as part of its Antarctic summer "field survey".
A report sent to the International Whaling Commission (IWC) reveals hunters caught 333 minkes in total.
The team left Japan in November 2017 for the Southern Ocean and returned in March 2018.
Japan says its whaling programme is for scientific purposes, despite a 2014 UN ruling against its "lethal research" and widespread condemnation.
In a new research plan published after the UN ruling, Japan said it was "scientifically imperative" to understand Antarctica's ecosystem through collecting and analysing animals.
How many whales did Japan catch?
The country's New Scientific Whale Research Program in the Antarctic Ocean (NEWREP-A) sent a report to the IWC detailing the 333 minkes caught, 152 male and 181 female, during its "third biological field survey" in the area.
Japan cut down its catch by two-thirds under its new research plan, and has stuck to taking about 330 whales each year.
The data shows that in the 2017/18 hunt, 122 of the female minkes captured were pregnant, while 61 of the males and 53 of the females were not yet adults.
After a few weeks of surveys, the team caught all the whales within just 12 weeks before setting off back to Japan.
The whale meat is then sold to be eaten.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Japan makes no secret of the fact that the meat resulting from its so-called scientific whaling programme ends up on the plate
Why does Japan hunt whales?
Under Article VIII of the International Convention for the Regulation of Whaling, signed in 1946, countries can "kill, take and treat whales for purposes of scientific research", and this is the rule Japan says it follows in its hunts.
Aside from its research claims, the Japanese government says whale hunting is an ancient part of Japan's culture.
Coastal communities in Chiba prefecture and Ishinomaki in northern Japan have long practised coastal whaling, while Taiji in Wakayama prefecture holds annual dolphin hunts.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Once a staple, now a novelty
However, expeditions to the Antarctic for whale meat only began after World War Two, when the devastated country depended on whales as its main source of meat.
While the meat is still sold, it is increasingly unpopular, with far fewer businesses selling it now than in the past.
Does anyone else hunt whales?
Figures from charity Whale and Dolphin Conservation (WDC) show that many countries other than Japan still catch whales.
The International Whaling Commission (IWC), which regulates the industry, agreed to a moratorium on commercial whaling from the 1985, with exceptions.
Norway and Iceland still hunt whales for meat, the former rejecting the moratorium and the latter only partially agreeing.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption Iceland still hunts whales
So-called aboriginal subsistence whaling for local communities continues in Greenland, Russia, the USA, and St Vincent and the Grenadines.
But Japan remains the only country to send ships to Antarctica to catch whales, under the scientific research exemption.
Is the hunting wiping out Antarctic whales?
Japan says it is conducting its research to show the Antarctic whale population is healthy and can be sustainably fished.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) says there is insufficient data to determine whether the Antarctic minke whale is threatened.
While the number of minkes is "clearly in the hundreds of thousands", they are investigating a possible decline over the last 50 years.
Depending on how significant the drop is, the Antarctic minke could be classified as Least Concern, or as Endangered.
You may also be interested in:
Former fashion and food writer Madeleine Marr joined the Miami Herald in 2003. The native New Yorker's celebrity coverage includes features, interviews, events, red carpets, premieres, award ceremonies, style, news and gossip in the South Florida area and beyond.
World number seven Mark Williams pulls off a 'no-look' fluke in his World Championship first-round match against Jimmy Robertson at the Crucible.
Watch live coverage of the 2018 World Snooker Championship on the BBC.
Available to UK users only.
Oprah Winfrey, Barbara Walters and Gayle King were among the guests at the opening night.
Image copyright Channel 5 Image caption David Tanaka (left), played by Takaya Honda, will marry Aaron Brennan, played by Matt Wilson
Neighbours will feature Australian TV's first same-sex wedding, it has been confirmed.
The long-running soap will air the nuptials between Aaron Brennan, played by Matt Wilson, and David Tanaka, played by Takaya Honda, in September.
It follows the legalisation of same-sex marriage in the country in December 2017.
The actors expressed pride at their involvement in what Honda described as a "historic moment in Australian TV".
Wilson said it "stands alone as the highlight of my career".
He said: "This storyline means a lot to me, to my friends and to all the fans we hear from on a daily basis here and in the UK who love Aaron and David."
Newly-released images accompanying the announcement show the actors at their on-screen wedding ceremony - which will be shown on Channel 5 in the UK.
Australian actress and LGBT rights activist Magda Szubanski will be seen officiating.
It marks the culmination of a long-standing relationship between the fictional couple, who are back together after David's fling with Rafael Humphreys, played by former Coronation Street star Ryan Thomas.
Honda added: "There have been so many parts of David's story that have given me a great sense of pride and which have been an absolute honour to portray, from discovering Paul was his dad, to his coming out to now marrying the man of his dreams in what will be the first legal gay wedding on a drama."
The soap's executive producer Jason Herbison said show bosses had been working on the storyline before the "divisive referendum" last November.
More than 12.7 million people - about 79.5% of eligible voters - took part in the voluntary eight-week poll, which asked: "Should the marriage law be changed to allow same-sex couples to marry?"
The results showed 61.6% of people to be in favour. "Thankfully love won and we're very excited for viewers to see this iconic moment come to life on screen," Herbison said.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Regan Grace has a magnificent future ahead of him
Perhaps it's the one thing we really learned above all this weekend. Remember the name Regan Grace in the coming years. The St Helens winger has made a magical start to life in the first-team, scoring two tries in his first two appearances in Super League. But when Grace gets the ball, you're never quite sure what his majestic feet are going to do next. He's a ridiculous talent – and one for the present, as well as the future.
Catalans could be contenders with Tony Gigot in the side
It's easy to forget there's still around 20 games – so therefore 40 points – still to play for before the play-offs are decided. And sitting just two points adrift of the top four, Catalans remain right in the mix. They've now won three in a row – and it's no coincidence that since Tony Gigot has returned from his infamous ban, the Dragons look much, much better. Who'd back against them with Gigot in this kind of form?
Warrington is on the march
Three games, three wins. Isn't it amazing how quickly things can turn in Super League? Warrington fans may have been forgiven for planning their trips to Featherstone and the like this summer a month or so ago: now, few would back against them making the top eight. Their revival continued on Easter Monday with a narrow win against Huddersfield – and while they remain far from their best, it's obvious the Wolves are improving.
Morgan Escare has to be signing of the season.. and a Man of Steel contender
It's been a good Easter for the reigning Super League champions, with Wigan picking up back-to-back wins over the last few days. And the star of the show again on Easter Monday? Morgan Escare. Few eyebrows were raised when Shaun Wane plucked him from the south of France, but with a new contract and another wonder try in the bag on Monday, Escare has to be considered the signing of the season. Who knows, he may even be a front-runner for Man of Steel on this form.
Leeds has the squad depth to potentially last the distance
Monday always looked like a banana skin for Leeds Rhinos, facing a Widnes side shorn of confidence and bottom of the league. Leeds, in essence, had everything to lose: and without Liam Sutcliffe and Ash Golding – among others – it could have been easy for Leeds to slip up. Yet with a reshuffled side, and Ash Handley at full-back along with Stevie Ward in the centres, the Rhinos racked up another 40-point plus performance. This year, they look like they've a squad which could get them a long way, rather than just a strong 17.
Mary Byrne (née Allen) – Athy / Bray, Wicklow
13 June 2017, Peacefully, in the loving care of nurses and staff of St Vincent's Hospital, Athy. Beloved wife of the late Patrick (Paddy), loving mother of the late Ronan and to Patricia and Brendan, mother-in-law of Pat and Clodagh, grandmother of James, Sam, Katherine and Oisín and a much-loved sister of Breda, Sally, John and Leo. Sadly missed by all her family, relatives and friends. Reposing at Thomas Murphy and Sons Funeral Home, Boghall Road, Bray, Co. Wicklow from 6pm Thursday evening June 15 with Rosary at 7.30pm. Removal by Thompson Funeral Directors on Friday June 16 to the Holy Redeemer Church, Bray to arrive at 11.50am for 12 noon Funeral Mass followed by burial in Springfield Cemetery, Bray.
Gerald Caviston – Sunday's Well, Naas
June 13 2017, Deeply regretted by his wife Julie, daughter Michelle, grandchildren, brothers, sister, son-in-law John, relatives and friends. Reposing at his daughter Michelle's home on Thursday June 15 from 5pm. Everybody welcome. Removal on Friday morning June 16 at 9 45am to arrive at Newlands Cross Crematorium for 10.30am Requiem Mass, followed by cremation.
Con Harrington – Langton Park, Newbridge
Retired CS Signal Corps, The Curragh Camp - June 13 2017 (peacefully) at his home with his loving family by his side. Sadly missed by his loving wife Mary, daughter Aoife, mother Anna, brothers Ger and Michael, sisters Anne, Claire, Cathy and Aoife, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, nephews, nieces, extended family, relatives and friends. Reposing at his home from 4 o'clock on Thursday June 15 with prayers at 8 o'clock. Removal on Friday morning June 16 at 10.15 o'clock to arrive at Cill Mhuire, Ballymany for 11 o'clock Masses. Funeral afterwards to St. Conleth's Cemetery, Newbridge. House Private on Friday morning please.
William Neill – Narraghmore, Athy
June 14 2017, Surrounded by his loving family in the wonderful care of Dunlavin Nursing Home. Sadly missed by his loving wife Ruby. Devoted father of Pamela, Billy, Freda and Laura. Sadly missed by his daughter-in-law Gladys and sons-in-law Alan and Neil, his brother Robert, sisters Mai and Ina, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, relatives and neighbours and friends. Reposing at his residence from 4pm Thursday evening June 15, unill 8.30pm. Removal on Friday June 16 at 2.30pm to arrive at the Church of the Holy Saviour, Narraghmore for 3pm Service. Burial afterwards in the adjoining cemetery.
James (Jim) O'Brien, COMDT. (RETIRED) – Tower View Park, Kildare Town
June 13 2017, Deeply regretted by his loving wife, Philomena, son Gerard, daughters Caroline, Siobhán and Ann, brother Pat, sisters Maureen and Reenie, daughter-in-law, sons-in-law, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, nieces, nephews, relatives and friends. Reposing at Mc Wey's Funeral Home, Abbey View, Kildare Town on Thursday, June 15, from 4pm with Rosary there at 8pm. Removal on Friday morning June 16 at 10.15am to St. Brigid's Church, Curragh Camp arriving for Mass at 11am. Cremation thereafter in Newlands Cross Crematorium. Family flowers only please. Donations, if desired, to St. James' Hospital Foundation. Donation box in church. House private please.
BCT's new logo features an artistic “tree” that represents the bank's founding 38 farmers, orchardists and business leaders. The tree's five limbs/leaves are representative of the company's core values and the “1871” at the base of the tree highlights the year that BCT was established.
BCT officially opened on the corner of West Washington and Lawrence Streets on April 4, 1871. Today, BCT has grown to over $430 million in assets, 7 offices and employs over 100 professionals in the tri-state region of West Virginia, Virginia and Maryland.
BCT's five core values are Integrity, Teamwork, Growth, Customer Commitment and Community Focus. BCT has included the 1871 in their logo in recognition of its heritage and longevity. Surprisingly, there are only 225 banks in the entire United States that are older than BCT.
BCT is also introducing a new tagline, “The Community's Bank.” According to BCT, this tagline is reflective of the many facets of BCT:
• “We are a bank for our friends, family and neighbors.”
• “Our approach of ‘if you have the ability to help your neighbor, you help your neighbor.'”
• “Care towards our customer's finances as if they are our own.”
• “Our belief that our communities are filled with possibility and we help it come to fruition.”
Bank of Charles Town, a wholly owned subsidiary of Potomac Bancshares, Inc., is a locally owned community bank with seven convenient offices serving the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia, Loudoun County, Virginia, and Washington County, Maryland. For more information, visit our website at www.mybct.com
Legendary 'Batman' producer dead at 104 Without Benjamin Melniker, the world may have never seen the "Batman" films.
Unsung 'Batman' co-creator finally getting credit he deserves A street near Poe Park in the Bronx will be renamed “Bill Finger Way” on Friday in honor of the late, unsung co-creator of Batman — marking the first time...
Casey Affleck was only joking about Ben hanging up Batman suit Ben himself said last month that he has no plans to leave the franchise.
Cop transforms into real-life superhero for ailing kids When he's not serving and protecting the citizens of Fort Worth, Texas, this real-life superhero is making sick kids around the country smile. For the last several years, Police Officer...
Adam West 'had no idea' he was dying, says 'Batman' co-star “I saw him a couple of weeks ago. We had breakfast before signing autographs all day long,” Ward said. “We walked to the stage, he walked so fast I could...
Batman literally came to the rescue at a Walmart It was Batman to the rescue in Fort Worth, Texas. Far away from Gotham City, a Fort Worth police officer dressed as the Dark Knight flew into a neighborhood Walmart...
Bat-Signal to light up LA in honor of Adam West Mayor Eric Garcetti says the Bat-Signal will be lit at L.A.'s City Hall at 9 p.m. Thursday.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Rep. Tom Garrett, R-Va., said Monday that he was an alcoholic and added his name to the growing list of lawmakers not seeking re-election in November's midterm elections, his spokesman confirmed.
Garrett, of Virginia's 5th Congressional District, which stretches through central Virginia from north of Charlottesville to the North Carolina line, announced his retirement in a video statement first reported by The Washington Post.
Garrett described his retirement as "a new beginning" driven not by a fear of losing but by "knowing where your priorities should be."
His alcoholism, he added, was the "one area that I haven't been honest."
"Any person — Republican, Democrat or independent — who has known me for any period of time and has any integrity knows two things: I am a good man, and I'm an alcoholic," Garrett said.
"This is the hardest statement that I have ever publicly made by far," he said. "It's also the truth."
In the statement, Garrett also appeared to deny a Politico report last week that said he and his wife used Garrett's congressional staffers for personal errands.
"The recent attacks on my family and myself were a series of half-truths and full lies," Garrett said. "These attacks aren't true, and I can prove that."
Garrett, a former Army officer and a member of the conservative Freedom Caucus who was elected in 2016, joins a growing number of Republicans bailing on the House and the Senate.
In the House alone, the number of Republican retirements is in the dozens, including Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, who announced his retirement last month.
"A lot of Hill Republicans are just miserable right now," former Rep. David Jolly, R-Fla., said after Ryan's announcement. "That's the constant theme I hear from former colleagues. ... The reality is that [President Donald] Trump has just made the environment really, really difficult."
West Ham have sacked head of recruitment Tony Henry following allegations he sent messages to an agent saying the club did not want to sign African players.
The Daily Mail claimed to have seen emails from Henry speaking disparagingly about players from Africa, recalling difficulties the club had with Senegalese striker Diafra Sakho.
It was reported that Henry had said African players "cause mayhem" when not selected in the team.
The Club has made a statement. https://t.co/5HtsZ9Sldu — West Ham United (@WestHamUtd) February 2, 2018
West Ham suspended Tony on Thursday morning after the story broke the previous evening and, following an investigation, they have decided to part company with the 60-year-old.
A club statement read: "West Ham United have terminated the contract of director of player recruitment, Tony Henry, with immediate effect following his unacceptable comments that were widely reported in the press.
"Our action follows a full and thorough investigation.
"West Ham United will not tolerate any type of discrimination.
"The West Ham United family is an inclusive one where, regardless of gender, age, ability, race, religion or sexual orientation, everybody feels welcome and included."
Speaking before Henry's dismissal, West Ham manager David Moyes sought to distance himself from Henry's alleged remarks.
Asked whether he had ever encountered difficulties with African players, Moyes told a news conference: " No, never. Joseph Yobo was my first signing at Everton, I think. I went to Joseph's testimonial in Nigeria.
"I signed Steven Pienaar three times. I don't think there is any club in the country that has more African players than West Ham."
The Football Association (FA) confirmed on Thursday that it was also conducting an investigation into the controversy.
As digital companies grapple with new data protection laws for consumers in Europe, Facebook has been slammed for a cheap trick it used in an apparent attempt to get users to hastily accept a privacy policy that didn't comply with the new laws.
Social media sites use all sorts of methods to hold your attention and keep you coming back. You haven't been on LinkedIn in a while? All of a sudden you get an email telling you a recruiter was looking at your page. You haven't opened Instagram for some time? You soon find yourself getting a lot more push notifications about videos your friends are posting.
Other tricks are more subtle like when you log onto Twitter and there's a brief pause before your notifications pop up — that's designed to keep you in suspense the same way the final reel of a pinball machine can take an extra second to fall into place.
These sorts of things are part and parcel of using such services. But when you're used to manipulating users, it can be easy to overstep the mark — and Facebook appears to have done just that.
The European Union's much-touted General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) came into effect in May, prompting people's inboxes to fill with emails from companies about updates to their privacy policy and how they use customer data, in order to comply with the new rules.
But according to a complaint filed by the European Center for Digital Rights on behalf of an anonymous complainant, Facebook used deceptive pressure tactics to get people to accept its privacy policy in violation of the GDPR.
The complaint alleges that Facebook blocked users' accounts if they did not consent and used “tricks” to get people to agree in the form of enticing them with fake message notifications to pressure them to click through so they could see the notifications.
“[Facebook] used additional ‘tricks' to pressure the users: For example, the consent page included two fake red dots … that indicated that the user has new messages and notifications, which he/she cannot access without consenting — even if the user did not have such notifications or messages in reality,” the complaint reads.
Facebook has been contacted for comment on the complaint.
The company has only just recovered from a global privacy scandal and the reaction on social media was damning.
“This is disappointing, Facebook. You are losing users' trust for a reason,” wrote Tristan Harris, founder of Center for Humane Technology who has been described by The Atlantic as the “closest thing Silicon Valley has to a conscience.”
Harris spent three years as a Google design ethicist developing a framework for how technology should ethically steer the thoughts and actions of billions of people.
Others who don't spend their days grappling with such pertinent tech issues were equally admonishing of Facebook's newest boondoggle.
“Wow. That's disgustingly devious. But brilliant, as idea,” wrote one Twitter user.
Facebook is the second biggest digital advertiser and in the world and more data equals more money, so naturally it wants as few restrictions around how it uses that data as possible.
The company recently moved the physical location of its servers holding user data outside of the EU as a way to skirt the GDPR for non-EU residents.
What does the GDPR mean to you?
Years in the making, the GDPR rules are prompting companies to rewrite their privacy policies and in some cases (like Microsoft announced) apply the European Union's tougher standards in other regions where privacy laws are weak. Although they take effect as Facebook faces an enormous privacy crisis, that timing is largely coincidental.
The regulation has little relevance for the United States, but any company with customers in the EU, if they offer goods and services in the EU, or if they monitor the behavior of individuals in the EU will be affected.
Ultimately not much will change for you. Companies will keep on collecting and analyzing personal data from your phone, the apps you use and the sites you visit. The big difference is that now the companies will have to justify why they're collecting and using that information. And they're prevented from using data for a different purpose later, the Associated Press reported.
More app developers are getting into augmented reality on Android now that Tango is a thing of the past. Google's official AR platform of the future is ARCore, which will work on most devices. Even eBay is getting into AR with its latest Android app update. Sellers can now use AR to choose the right box size.
The latest version rolled out earlier this month, but eBay didn't do much to make the new AR features known. Here's the full changelog for the new version.
Fixes night theme issues.
Use Augmented Reality (AR) to see which box fits your item. Currently available on compatible devices in the U.S.
After selling an item, the app now offers the option to superimpose various shipping box sizes on it to see how it'll fit. eBay notes the AR box picker only works on "compatible devices," but it doesn't say which devices those are. Judging by the use of a Pixel 2 XL in the promo image, this is most likely an ARCore feature. That means only a few phones will work including the Pixels, V30, and Galaxy S8.
Close to 50 million Americans could be in the early stages leading to Alzheimer's disease right now, according to a new forecast.
And 6 million people likely have it now, the team at the University of California Los Angeles calculated.
The forecast is based on a lot of supposition as well as some hard data, but it's the best estimate of how badly Alzheimer's will affect the country in the coming years, said Keith Fargo of the Alzheimer's Association, who was not involved in the research.
A new study projects that 46.7 million Americans have evidence they are at risk of Alzheimer's National Institute on Aging / National Institute on Aging
“To our knowledge, this is the first time someone has done this type of estimate,” said Fargo, director of scientific programs and outreach at the Alzheimer's Association.
For the unusual study, Ron Brookmeyer, a biostatistician at the University of California, Los Angeles and colleagues collected all the data they could find from studies of Alzheimer's disease.
To calculate who was at risk of Alzheimer's they used measures including a buildup of a protein in the brain called amyloid, the loss of brain cells, and the loss of memory and skills such as reading and writing.
Related: Here's how to prevent Alzheimer's
They used other studies including a look at 1,500 volunteers who live around the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, which included healthy people who have no particular risk of Alzheimer's. They used studies of people with mild cognitive impairment — memory loss that can lead to Alzheimer's — and people diagnosed with Alzheimer's dementia.
And they looked at actual reports of people who have Alzheimer's disease now.
Then they made calculations to predict how many people are likely progressing to Alzheimer's right now, although they may not know it.
“We predict by 2060, U.S. prevalence of clinical Alzheimer's disease will grow to 9.3 million.”
“It's virtually all extrapolation. It's looking at some real community-based cohorts that have been studies,” said Fargo.
“But it's not a matter of going systematically through the population. It's very much a model-based estimate.”
But it uses solid data and methods that should at least be a start at predicting the future toll of Alzheimer's, said Fargo.
“For the first time, scientists have attempted to account for numbers of people with biomarkers or other evidence of possible preclinical Alzheimer's disease, but who do not have impairment or Alzheimer's dementia,” the National Institutes of Health, which helped pay for the study, said in a statement.
“People with such signs of preclinical disease are at increased risk to develop Alzheimer's dementia.”
Related: Sleep loss may affect Alzheimer's
The results?
“An estimated 46.7 million American adults over age 30 are in this hypothetical preclinical stage of Alzheimer's disease and another 2.43 million have mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer's disease, although many will not progress to dementia during their lifetimes,” Brookmeyer and colleagues wrote.
“In 2017, there were 3.65 million cases of clinical Alzheimer's in the United States,” they wrote in their report, published in the journal Alzheimer's & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer's Association.
“We estimate that approximately 1.54 million (42 percent ) of the 3.65 million cases living today have late-stage clinical Alzheimer's disease who need level of care equivalent to nursing homes,' they added.
“We predict by 2060, U.S. prevalence of clinical Alzheimer's disease will grow to 9.3 million.”
Healthy neuron / Beta-amyloid and ta Courtesy National Institute on Aging / National Institutes of Health
By 2060, they predict, more than 75 million people will have pre-clinical Alzheimer's disease — meaning the disease is developing in their brains but hasn't caused enough symptoms to be diagnosed.
Alzheimer's is the most common form of dementia. There's no cure for it and no good treatment.
So why even try to calculate the extent of an incurable disease?
“There are things that you can do,” said Fargo. “These are the numbers of people we could potentially intervene with.”
Although there's no good treatment now, several studies have shown that Alzheimer's can be prevented in some people with better diet, more exercise and other healthy habits.
And the hope is to develop drugs that can prevent Alzheimer's, just as statins and blood-pressure-lowering drugs prevent strokes and heart attacks now.
Related: Researchers Seek Test to Predict Alzheimer's
Plus, not everyone with Alzheimer's-associated brain damage develops the disease. “There is a group of people that have the brain changes but never experience dementia symptoms,” the Alzheimer's Association said in a statement.
“It shouldn't be scary. It should be seen as pointing to the future where we have a window of opportunity for prevention just like we do with cholesterol and heart disease today,” said Fargo.
“Even if this estimate turns out to be reality, that does not mean that those 46 million people will develop dementia from Alzheimer's disease,” Fargo added.
“Just like you can have high cholesterol today and not develop heart disease, heart attack or stroke, you can be in this pre-clinical state but not go on later to develop Alzheimer's disease dementia.”
Newly surfaced pics show Al Franken grabbing Arianna Huffington's breasts and butt The never-before-published images were taken for a magazine in 2000 and obtained exclusively by The Post.
Meg Whitman says she won't be Uber's next CEO As Uber searches for its next chief executive, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Chief Executive Meg Whitman wants to make clear that it won't be her. Whitman's name was floated by several...
Uber wants Sheryl Sandberg to be its next CEO Uber's board plans to approach Facebook operating chief Sheryl Sandberg about filling its newly vacant CEO spot, The Post has learned. The Sandberg idea is being pushed by Uber board...
Bonderman's woes continue, sole female partner leaving TPG Capital David Bonderman's woman problems continue. The only female partner at the 74-year old private equity mogul's TPG Capital is leaving the firm. Carrie Wheeler, a 21-year TPG vet, who headed...
Uber director resigns after making sexist joke at harassment meeting Uber director David Bonderman has resigned from the company's board following a remark he made during an Uber staff meeting Tuesday that was widely seen as offensive to women, according...
Uber board member jokes about women at harassment meeting The boys at Uber just can't help themselves — even when the boys are board members. Private-equity tycoon David Bonderman, an Uber director, was forced to apologize Tuesday for making...
Jennifer Aniston: 'Friends' could never take place today "If 'Friends' was created today, you would have a coffee shop full of people that were just staring into iPhones," she said.
Tech companies prove the old boys' club is alive and well The well-known slogans of the most prominent tech companies in the world make it seem like their goal is to make the world a better place. Google's famous “don't be...
Huffington Post re-jiggers Rise site, trims workforce by 20 Merry Christmas, you're fired. Only days before Christmas, AOL is re-jiggering the Huffington Post's Rise site, resulting in roughly 20 contract workers being let go, sources tell Media Ink. The...
The following reports were made by the Opp Police Department. Unless otherwise indicated, the individuals were taken to Covington County Jail for incarceration. Any indication of an arrest is not intended to imply that the individual has been convicted of a crime. All persons are assumed to be innocent until found guilty.
Tuesday, Jan. 31
• James Buchanan, 19, for two counts of bond revocation, and held without bond.
• Mark T. Fuller, 65, for seven counts of negotiating a worthless instrument, and held on a $21,000 bond.
• Trina Weed, 34, for violation of probation, and held without bond.
• Thomanta M. Jones, 19, for second degree rape, and held on a $20,000 bond.
• Robert Coy Ziglar, 59, for failure to appear, and held without bond.
• Misty Lanier, 38, for harassment, and held on a $500 bond.
• Aaron Rhudy, 24, for three counts of child support, and held without bond.
• Marcus Goode, 20, for assault second and criminal trespassing, and held on a $13,000 bond.
• Amanda Louise Cosby, for driving under the influence, and held on a $1,000 bond.
• Johnny Green, 42, for failure to appear, and held without bond.
• Roland King, 40, for obstruction, and held on a $3,000 bond.
• Christy Davis, 38, for possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia, and held on a $13,000 bond.
• Sierra Creel, 21, on hold for Houston County.
Wednesday, Feb. 1
• Sheldon Alexis Wright, 27, for failure to appear, and held without bond.
• Jeremy Flinn, 33, for failure to appear on child support and held without bond.
• Kerry Leigh Crews, 37, for two counts of negotiating a worthless instrument, and held on a $6,000 bond,
• Cedric Lavon Ervin, 39, for possession of drug paraphernalia, and held without bond.
Thursday, Feb. 2
• Doug Wheeler, 37, for possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia, and held on a $13,000 bond.
• James Anthony Pate, 31, for possession of marijuana second and possession of drug paraphernalia, and held on a $7,500 bond.
• Ethan Shane Austin, 25, for child support, and held without bond.
• Ronnie Stackhouse, 52, for failure to appear, and held without bond.
• Robert Craig Harrison, 5, for family Violence Act, and held on a $3,000 bond.
• Anna Leah Henderson, for possession of marijuana second and possession of drug paraphernalia, and held on a $20,500 bond.
• Joni Melissa Smith, 38, for domestic violence third – bondsman off bond, and held on a $13,000 bond.
• Jennifer L. Reeves, 37, for harassment, and held on a $3,000 bond.
• Cynthia M. Jackson, 38, for criminal trespassing, child support, and failure to appear, and held on a $500 bond.
• Trevon . Peacock, 22, for failure to appear, and held without bond.
• Robert J. Johnson, 46, for failure to appear, and held without bond.
• Hannah Deanne Taylor, 23, for failure to appear, switched tag, and promoting prison contraband, and held without bond.
Friday, Feb. 3
• Seth Timothy Martin, 53, was arrested for FTA, DV III and Harassment and held without bond.
• Jalen H. Davis, 21, was arrested for POM II and PODP and booked on a $2,000 bond.
• Adrianne Buchanan, 22, was arrested for POCS, PODP and POM II and booked on a $20,500 bond.
• James Ethan Arnold, 27, was arrested for POCS, PODP and POM II and booked on a $20,500 bond.
• Lori Hunter, 37, was arrested for FTA and held without bond.
• Otis Bradley, 58, was arrested for Municipal Court Order and held without bond.
• Samantha Jay, 29, was arrested for POCS and PODP and booked on a $13,000 bond.
• Johnny Richardson, 32, was arrested for Child Support and held without bond.
• Devin Coon, 23, was arrested for TOP 4th, Possession of forged instrument x 4, TOP 2nd by deception x 4 and booked on a $83,000 bond.
• Fredrick Jones, 25, was arrested for POCS and PODP and booked on a $13,000 bond.
• Nedarious Howard, 21, was arrested for POCS, PODP and DUI and booked on a $20,500 bond.
• Lakameron Lacey, 26, was arrested for POM I and PODP and booked on a $13,000 bond.
• Thomas Edward Stewart, 55, was arrested for FTA x 3 and held without bond.
• Teresa Motes, 48, was arrested for POCS and PODP and booked on a $13,000 bond.
Saturday, Feb. 4
• Jeffrey J. Daniels, 28, was arrested for POM II and PODP and booked on a $10,500 bond.
• James Donald Grider, 56, was arrested for POCS and PODP and booked on a $13,000 bond.
• Latoya Hobdy, 31, was arrested for FTA x 4 and booked on a $1,700 cash bond.
• Deidrilyn Lindsey, 50, was arrested for POCS, PODP and POM II and booked on a $20,500 bond.
• Hebert C. Sauls, 48, was arrested for DV III and Harassment and booked on a $3,000 bond.
• Jessie Clanzy, 69, was arrested for public intoxication and booked on a $300 bond.
Sunday, Feb. 5
• Nathaniel Smith, 34, was arrested for FTA and held without bond.
• Aspin Maulden, 22, was arrested for FTA and held without bond.
• Sue Chambers, 49, was arrested for Promotion of Prison Contraband and booked on a $1,000 bond.
• Lamontoe Peacock, 27, was arrested for Aggravated criminal surveillance and booked on a $500 bond.
• Austin Everett, 22, was arrested for POM II and PODP and booked on a $10,500 bond.
April Cater, 26, was arrested for POMII, POCS and PODP and booked on a $20,500 bond.
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Toronto closer Roberto Osuna lost his salary arbitration case with the Blue Jays on Saturday.
Osuna, who was eligible for arbitration for the first time, will make $5.3 million after asking for $5.8 million.
He made $552,400 last year when he was 3-4 with a 3.38 ERA and 39 saves while also leading the majors with 10 blown saves.
Houston closer Ken Giles and Tampa Bay shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria, meanwhile, won their arbitration cases.
The decisions left players with a 5-2 record this year. There are 18 players scheduled for hearings in the next two weeks.
Giles got a raise from $555,100 to $4.6 million — $400,000 more than Houston's offer. This was the first time he was eligible for arbitration.
Giles went 34 for 38 on save chances last season and was 1-3 with a 2.30 ERA. He struggled as the Astros won their first championship, posting an 11.74 ERA in the post-season and 27.00 ERA in a pair of World Series appearances, when he allowed five runs in 1 2/3 innings.
Hechavarria, who made $4.35 million last year, was awarded $5.9 million, instead of the $5.35 million offered by the Rays. He hit a combined .261 with eight homers and 30 RBIs last season, when he was traded from Miami to Tampa Bay in late June.
New Brunswick, NJ (PRUnderground) May 30th, 2018
Two popular CBD products including a concentrated pure CBD oil product and a Softgel capsule supplement were awarded the top rating of 5-Stars for May 2018 on CBDReVu, a popular consumer destination for product news and reviews of cannabidiol products. For more information about the selections go here https://cbdrevu.com/cbdpure-hemp-oil-cbd/
CBD products have been flying off the shelves in recent years with a variety of new products being launched regularly. Sales are growing rapidly and are expected to continue to rise according to industry observers. CBDRevu.com is consumer favorite destination for CBD product brand news, information and reviews where shoppers can get basic product information on most of the popular CBD products see here https://cbdrevu.com/
There are a number of potential caveats consumers shopping for CBD products should be aware of. Many buying dos and don'ts are discussed on CBDReVu. One is the inclusion of unnecessary ingredients in most CBD oil products. CBDReVu believes there is no reason CBD products should contain anything other than CBD plus a clean carrier oil such as olive or coconut oil. They suggest pure CBD oil is a better choice than CBD products mixed with other substances or hiding behind the term proprietary blend. CBDReVu suggests that consumers read ingredients labels before buying products and to do their best to make sure the product contains ingredients that have been properly tested for the presence of any toxic substances and that the product contains the ingredients indicated on the label. In any new, exploding industry there will always be the factor of unscrupulous operators offering products of questionable quality so it is incumbent upon consumers to try to be diligent when evaluating products. Another caveat to avoid are companies offering so-called free bottle offers or free trials as these type offerings are generally nothing more than hard-to-cancel auto shipment schemes similar to those seen with other popular products such as acai berry some years ago.
CBD brands currently profiled or reviewed on CBDReVu include brands like CBDPure Softgels and CBDPure oil, NuLeaf Naturals, Kannaway Pure CBD, Restorative Botanicals, Receptra Naturals, Charlotte's Web CBD by CW Hemp, Endoca Hemp Oil, CBD Essence, Irie CBD, HempMeds RSHO Real Scientific Hemp Oil, Elixinol, Bluebird Botanicals CBD products, Sensi Seeds, Rick Simpson Oil, and more.
CBDReVu is not a retailer and does not sell products but an advertising supported informational website featuring brand profiles and reviews of popular pure CBD offerings.
About CBDReVu.com
CBDReVu.com is based in New Brunswick, New Jersey, USA and writes about CBD products.
JERSEY CITY, N.J. — A Virginia man whose toddler daughter's body was found in a suitcase next to train tracks in New Jersey earlier this month is now facing charges.
Hudson County prosecutors say 37-year-old Travis Plummer, of Richmond, is charged with desecrating the human remains of 23-month old Te'Myah Layauna Plummer. But the cause of death remains under investigation.
The child's body was found April 11 just west of the Journal Square rail station in Jersey City in the PATH rapid transit system, which serves New Jersey and parts of New York City.
Authorities had been seeking the pair since last month, though they didn't believe they were in danger. It was thought Plummer may have relocated to Jersey City or Charlotte, North Carolina.
The FBI tracked Plummer to San Juan, Puerto Rico, where he was arrested without incident April 19. He's awaiting extradition and it's not known if he's retained a lawyer.
Elvis had the look, Little Richard had the scream — but it was Bo Diddley who had the all-important beat. March marks the 60th anniversary of Diddley's self-titled debut single,...
Tiger and bear fight, and the winner is ... This is the dramatic moment a furious tiger battles an angry bear. The violent face-off saw the adult tiger pin the sloth bear to the ground, clamping its jaws around...
Sad truth about adorable Olympics mascot Bandabi the Asiatic black bear (or moon bear) is one of the cute and cuddly mascots of the PyeongChang Games — along with Soohorang the white tiger — but not...
Man claims he fought off a bear with his bare hands A Maine hardhat claims he fought off a bear with his bare hands as the beast mauled his dog. Dustin Gray, 29, said he foiled the bear attack on Monday...
Bears burned in California wildfires are being healed with fish skin Life in the wild can be cruel. But there are always people working to heal nature's damage. After Southern California's recent wildfires, veterinarians used acupuncture, fish skins and other alternative...
Bear mauls man in south Florida A Florida man says he's just “happy to be alive” after being mauled by a 4-foot black bear while letting his dog out for a late-night walk — the first...
Bearing it all in Romania Hundreds of people descend on the sleepy northern Romanian city of Comanesti every year dressed head to toe like bears. It's a tradition that originated in pre-Christian times, when dancers wearing...
DNA tests prove 'Yeti corpses' were just bear and dog remains The centuries-old debate over the existence of the mysterious Yeti could be put to bed following genetic analysis of its supposed remains. Scientists studied nine so-called Yeti specimens including bone,...
Deputy films mother bear, 2 cubs at shopping mall TAHOE CITY, Calif. — Three bears rummaging through trash cans outside a Tahoe City shopping mall are becoming a social media sensation after a Northern California deputy caught them on...
Wild bears get caught looking for late-night snack at Taco Bell Police in California chased three bears away from a Taco Bell during the store's off hours. Despite having their meal interrupted, the bears left without incident and no arrests were...
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
Former Pakistan opener Nasir Jamshed has been banned for one year for failing to cooperate with an investigation into spot-fixing.
The 28-year-old, who represented his country 68 times across all formats, was charged in April in relation to spot-fixing at last winter's Pakistan Super League.
Jamshed was found to have violated articles 2.4.6 (not cooperating with investigation) and 2.4.7 (obstructing and delaying investigation) of the Pakistan Cricket Board's anti-corruption code.
He has now been suspended by the PCB, who is preparing to bring more charges in the fixing case.
The PCB said in a statement posted on Twitter: "Update: Anti Corruption Tribunal has imposed one year ban on cricketer Nasir Jamshed for Non-Co-operation with PCB ACU, more charges will be brought up in near future."
Jamshed was arrested by British police in February and was provisionally suspended from all forms of the game. He was later released on bail.
Former Pakistan batsmen Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif have both been suspended for five years by the PCB for their roles in the spot-fixing case.
Fast bowler Mohammad Irfan was banned for a year and all-rounder Mohammad Nawaz was given a two-month suspension.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Rapp said he hopes his actions will help people who are victims of abuses of power to speak up.
“I've been very gratified by the response I've gotten from so many people. I think all of this is an important step to dismantle the machinery that allowed this sort...
Apotheca by Inner Ego is a unique range of organic powdered tonics designed to target daily ailments with ancient
herbal remedies. With a desire to bringing the finest pure botanicals direct from mother nature, Apotheca is
conceptualised by Lynda Scantlebury, the co-founder of Inner Ego, a cold-pressed juice company based in Perth, Australia, who is passionate for healthy living and eating.
Apotheca flourishes in a rich repository of adaptogens infused with premium properties that restores a balance and harmony back into our bodies. These four tonics, namely: The Immortal, The Dreamer, The Powerful and The Healer contains potent and medicinal herbs that have been combined in modern alchemy to help meet the challenges of today.
The universal language of the packaging system and collaterals created, derives from the underlining restorative processes that takes place skin deep within a person. The communicative concept and visual expression is met
with illustrated iconology and symbology with the implementation of gold foils and black & white colour palette adds
layers of clarity.
The balance of icons is bold; deeply-rooted from the characteristics of each — taking a central prominent position on
the frontal jar packagings and collaterals. The use of gold foil and intense black envelops and converts the base ingredients into universal elixirs translating the four remedies. The Immortal adorns a vase that promotes beauty and
life with its elixir. The Dreamer portrays a closed eye as she envisions at ease. The Powerful is a tower in its strong
stand hold. The Healer draws a hand that springs in vitality through a waterfall. Collaterals were extended to drawstring bag and promotional materials.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Bitcoin plunged below $8,000 on Friday, a whopping 60 percent drop from its high less than two months ago, before rebounding.
After skyrocketing to a record $19,000 per bitcoin in December, the digital asset has endured a series of steep drops, drastic for even the notoriously volatile crypto trade.
Smaller cryptocurrencies were down, too, with Ethereum off more than 25 percent, Ripple down 30 percent and Bitcoin Cash down 24 percent at some points.
The cryptocurrency markets were joined by the U.S. stock market. The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped more than 650 points on Friday, finishing its worst week in two years.
Those people who held on to their bitcoins enjoyed some relief, though, with bitcoin's price rebounding to trade around $8,700 as of Friday afternoon.
But the broader decline has stoked fears that bitcoin skeptics were right to call its rise a bubble. If bitcoin is a modern-day "tulip mania," the bloom appears to be off the rose.
At least, that is, if you bought after late November, when bitcoin's rally turned it from a fringe technology into a hotly debated commodity.
"Anyone who bought before Thanksgiving is still playing with house money," Nick Colas at DataTrek Research, an analyst who's been covering cryptocurrency for over four years, told NBC News. "Most long-term holders are still OK."
Bitcoin's price is still up more than 760 percent in the past 12 months, with other cryptocurrencies seeing similar increases. But it can't be missed that over $100 billion has been wiped off the torrid crypto market in the past 24 hours.
Video
A senior nurse who was the first in the UK to fit a patient with a pacemaker says more "need to step up" amid staffing constraints.
Kate Whittock, who works at Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield, has performed the procedure at least 100 times and is training other nurses to do the same.
The NHS estimates the cost is a third of the traditional procedure under a consultant and will free up doctors to perform more complex surgeries.
A handsome new vicar is coming to Grantchester. With James Norton set to make his final appearance in the show's upcoming fourth series, ITV has announced that Outlander's Tom Brittney will join the cast as Geordie Keating's new partner.
Advertisement
Brittney will play Reverend Will Davenport, who is described as a crime-solving “man of the people”.
ITV confirmed in April that Norton's Sidney Chambers will be departing the series – and it is expected that Brittney will effectively serve as a replacement lead after a transitional period in series four. Robson Green also returns to the cast for the new series as Geordie, alongside Al Weaver, Tessa Peake-Jones and Kacey Ainsworth.
“As much as I know you'll miss James Norton, I PROMISE that you'll love Tom Brittney,” Masterpiece executive producer Rebecca Eaton said. “Just watch him go toe-to-toe with Robson Green's character, the very skeptical Geordie … and watch him win him over.”
The departing Norton said that he was sad to be leaving the series, but assured fans that they would be in safe hands: “As excited as I am to be filming a new series of Grantchester, it's also heartbreaking to be saying goodbye to Sidney Chambers. I've loved this experience, and particularly working with such an extraordinary cast and crew. All the best to the fantastic Tom Brittney in his role as the new vicar. He is a wonderful addition to the Grantchester family.”
Advertisement
Grantchester series 4 will premiere on ITV in 2019
Leam Richardson is adamant Wigan Athletic can make it a real weekend to remember for absent skipper Sam Morsy when they travel to Scunthorpe this afternoon.
While Morsy is away on international duty with Egypt – hoping to secure qualification for next summer's World Cup finals in Russia – Latics are also in action over at Glanford Park.
Despite having the option of postponing the fixture, with Owen Evans (Wales U-21s) and Matija Sarkic (Montenegro U-21s) also away, Latics have elected to play the game without their leader.
But Richardson says there is more than enough strength in depth to overcome the loss of Morsy and keep their promotion push on track.
“Course there is – that's why squads are there,” said Richardson, standing-in for boss Paul Cook at Friday's press conference.
“Whoever takes the shirt from Sam will be ready physically and tactically.
“There's always the dilemma, when you've got the choice to play the game or not.
“But we wanted to avoid the possibility of a backlog.
“We feel we've got a squad capable of going around the country and competing, and it's a good opportunity for others to come in.”
The battle for Morsy's shirt looks to be a two-way fight between Max Power and David Perkins, and Richardson says either would do a fine job in the engine room.
“Both of them have been around the game long enough, so they train and play and prepare well whether they're involved or not,” Richardson recognised.
“This week's been no different – working constantly and consistently to be the best they can be.”
The assistant boss has also revealed Morsy's bid to achieve his goals for both club and country have the full support of everyone at Wigan.
“He's going all-out for that, and that's why we've committed ourselves to fulfilling our goals both with and without Sammy,” added Richardson.
“We're supporting him 100 per cent with what he's doing because, when you've worked with him, you see his drive and his commitment, both to his club and also his country.
“Sammy loves his football. There's not usually a time when he's not having a debate or an argument – which he does quite a lot !– about the game, an individual or a team.
“For him to experience a World Cup would be a dream come true, and fingers crossed he can do that.”
While Sarkic, who's been the substitute goalkeeper in recent weeks, will be unavailable for this afternoon's game, Evans will be back in time after jetting back from Wales Under-21s duty in Liechtenstein on Thursday night.
“Matija will still be away, so Owen will be on the bench as things stand,” explained Richardson.
“We'll always try and prepare for ‘what if', because in this industry you never know.
“But we were always quite confident there wouldn't be a problem with Owen coming back and being involved, and fingers crossed he will.”
SIX YEARS ago, mother-of-one Zondra Meaney could walk her son Carrick to school, or leave the house on a whim to drive to town.
But since being diagnosed with Ehlers Danlos Syndrome (EDS) — a rare connective tissue disorder — in 2011, life for the 32-year-old Mungret woman has been “completely different”.
And for the past four years, Zondra has been working with a number of consultants and experts to help her with her associated EDS conditions — or comorbidities — between Limerick and London.
In June 2014, Zondra was diagnosed with a separate disease called chiari malformation, a rare brain disorder that causes fluid to build around the brain and the brain stem to become compressed.
While it is not an associated condition of EDS, a number of EDS patients have this condition, she told the Leader this week.
Since, she has had to travel to London every three months to receive injections for pain management for her “pressure headaches”.
However, in recent months, she has been told that she will require “very tricky brain and neurosurgery that only a few neurosurgeons in the world can operate”.
That is why Zondra's family has set up a fresh crowdfunder to raise up to €100,000 for her to get surgery carried out in Spain.
So far, she and her family have raised up to €30,000 with matched funding from the public, for her treatment to date.
While she prepares for surgery, Zondra each day battles the associated illnesses of EDS. This includes atlantoaxial instability and cranial cervical instability, which in her case is the dislocation of the skull from the spine. And as a result, Zondra requires surgery to fuse the skull to the spine.
The former beauty therapist is also treated for autonomic dysfunction, a condition that forces blood vessels to no longer constrict. This means that when standing, the blood that flows down to the legs fails to pump adequately to the brain, leaving Zondra with dizziness and a high heart rate.
Zondra is also on three different types of medication to treat gastroparesis, which disallows food to pass through the stomach. This previously resulted in her losing 21 kilos of weight, she said.
And because her treatment in the UK has been private, she has been unable to avail of the European Cross Border Healthcare Directive. This allows patients to avail of public healthcare within the EU, where services are not available in Ireland. Just €2.2m was spent by the HSE in 2016 for this initiative.
However, she is hoping that she will be able to receive additional financial support ahead of her surgery.
“Because if I don't, I don't see how I am ever going to raise that money,” she said.
She said that she has been told that she has “no choice or alternative but to get the surgery done”, as the prognosis of her condition is either stroke, paralysis or dying in her sleep, she explained.
But she said that the support that she has received from family, friends and the public has been uplifting.
Her mother Dorothy, whom she describes as a “super woman”, gave up her job nine years ago to be a full-time carer for Zondra. Just last November, Dorothy, from Dooradoyle, was awarded the Family Carers Ireland national carer of the year award for her devoted work.
“I couldn't survive without her. She has given up everything to care for me and help me parent Carrick. She is brilliant and never complains,” she said.
And 10-year-old Carrick “keeps us both going”, she said. “He's a real character and he's what keeps me going every day. We keep the severity of my illness hidden from him as much as possible but I'm just his mam and he accepts just who I am. He is very empathic and caring child and that's a positive effect this all has had on him.
In 2011, Zondra's friend Amanda Corbett died from vascular EDS, a more severe form of the EDS spectrum. Every year, the Corbett family host a memorial charity football match for Amanda, with proceeds going towards Zondra's treatment fund. This event takes place again in three weeks' time, Zondra said.
“Everyone in Limerick has been amazingly supportive. It's allowed me to live my life at home, instead of a hospital, and as a mother, that is very important to me.”
1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it's funny to hear a "female talk about routes" Pause
1:05 Panthers Rivera working to keep team focused in "trying times"
0:36 Panthers coach Ron Rivera responds to questions about Cam Newton's sexist comments
3:46 Observer's Jourdan Rodrigue answers fans' questions about the Carolina Panthers
1:20 Panthers' Cam Newton apologizes for "degrading" comments towards female reporter
1:28 Christian McCaffrey's first impressions on Luke Kuechly, life in the NFL
1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it's funny to hear a 'female talk about routes'
1:04 Why Carolina Panthers players are eager for Sunday's opener at San Francisco
0:51 Panthers' Julius Peppers stands by bench during national anthem
Drivers in Scotland are being reminded that there is zero tolerance for ‘just one' drink before driving.
A new festive awareness campaign from the Scottish Government and Road Safety Scotland (part of Transport Scotland) reinforces that when it comes to drink driving, ‘the best approach is none', as well as highlighting the consequences of being found guilty of drink driving.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson launched the month-long enforcement and awareness campaign with Deputy Chief Constable Iain Livingstone and Chief Superintendent Stewart Carle. Police Scotland's enforcement campaign will see even more patrols on Scotland's roads throughout December.
Last year one in 30 drivers stopped during the festive season was over the legal limit, compared with one in 35 motorists drink driving over the same period in previous year.
Mr Matheson, said: “Unfortunately there is a persistent minority of drivers who continue to ignore the law. These people are not only risking their own lives and licences, but are risking the safety of other road users and pedestrians by drinking and driving.
“This campaign reinforces that drink driving is unacceptable and, if you get caught, you will get a minimum 12-month driving ban, a criminal record for a lengthy period and a substantial fine.
“Furthermore, a drink driving conviction can have significant social and employment consequences.”
Deputy Chief Constable Iain Livingstone, added: “Police Scotland has a zero tolerance policy on drink driving and over the festive period we will be increasing our activity to ensure those risk takers are removed from the road.
“We're urging people to plan ahead – think about how you're going to get home before you go out, and don't forget about any journeys you'll make the morning after.”
For more information see dontriskit.info or the Road Safety Scotland Facebook and Twitter (@roadsafetyscot) pages.
Drink driving - key messages
• There is zero tolerance for drink driving.
• More than 20,000 drivers are stopped by the police every month.
• Even if you're slightly over the limit, in the eyes of the law you are still a drunk driver and a criminal – there's no grey area.
• You'll face an automatic 12-month ban, a criminal record, an unlimited fine, and could even go to prison for up to six months. The vehicle forfeiture scheme means that, in some cases, your car can be seized and crushed.
• Think about how you're going to get home before you head out – and remember to consider any journeys the morning after.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","video_channel": "186","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1095080","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","video_channel": "186","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1095080","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
The council is promising to clamp down on selfish residents not storing bins correctly and fly-tipping following a series of complaints.
The town hall has received angry messages about rubbish being dumped in the alleyway behind Bolton Road in Ashton and bins simply being abandoned in open spaces rather than being put back in properties' yards.
It now appears the norm for people in terraced houses to leave their bins outside the rear of their houses which is tempting people to put their own rubbish in my Ian Cross
In response Wigan Council says it is speaking to those involved and employees will be out looking for offenders seven days a week.
However, one resident who raised the alarm says a lot more needs to be done and expressed scepticism the local authority would be able to get on top of the problem.
He says the area has become something of a health hazard after putting out a fly jar to measure just how many insects were buzzing around the dumped waste and incorrectly-stored bins.
Karl Battersby, director of economy and environment, said: “We have visited the area and spoken to residents to remind them about correctly storing their bins. We have also arranged for the fly-tipped items to be removed.
“We will do a follow-up inspection in a couple of weeks to see if there are still problems and will do what we can to work with the residents to resolve any issues.
“Our new and expanded environmental education and enforcement team is now in action seven days a week and will be working with residents to tackle all types of environmental crime, ensuring we have clean and tidy communities.
“Fly tipping ruins our communities and last year cost the council £800,000 which equates to nearly one per cent council tax. Through The Deal, by residents not fly tipping and recycling their waste correctly we can keep council tax low. We need residents to help us by reporting incidents and hotspots so we can carry our enforcements and catch offenders.”
Despite the strong words local resident Ian Cross said the council needed to get a lot tougher, saying just days after the town hall staff had visited the problem was back again.
Mr Cross said: “The council had told the people last Wednesday that the bins should be returned to their properties after they have been emptied but all they have done is put them in a line in the alleyway not in their own yards.
“It now appears the norm for people in terraced houses to leave their bins outside the rear of their houses which is tempting people to put their own rubbish in them and the householder either has to use other bins or fly tip. If they were made to put them inside their own yards this would never happen.”
To report an incident of environmental crime such as fly tipping or dog fouling visit www.wigan.gov.uk/reportit or download the council's Report It app.
LeBron James throws no-look pass through Andrew Wiggins' legs (Video)
LeBron James never ceases to amaze.
During the second quarter of Tuesday's game between the Timberwolves and Cavaliers, LeBron James found Derrick Williams with a pass that led to a converted layup. That in itself doesn't sound particularly noteworthy. However, it wasn't just a regular pass by James. It was of the no-look variety and went right through the legs of Andrew Wiggins. Here's video proof.
Never know what to expect when #LeBronJames has the ball in his hands. pic.twitter.com/S48dqapuSb — NBA (@NBA) February 15, 2017
Wiggins could have been on the receiving end of passes like that, had Cleveland not sent him to Minnesota as part of the Kevin Love trade. Instead, he's the one looking around wondering how James did that. The Cavaliers may need another playmaker, but they certainly have a very good primary one.
Jesse Orosco talks World Series and having little kids imitate him The Mets likely wouldn't have won their most recent World Series title, in 1986, without clutch reliever Jesse Orosco. With the team celebrating the 30th anniversary season of that championship...
Mookie Wilson: I went from Mets hero to 'hood ornament' Mookie Wilson isn't feeling loved by the Mets. The 1986 World Series hero, who still serves as a club ambassador, writes in his soon-to-be-released autobiography that he has been stripped...
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
For people who love sweets, 2018 started on a sour note: Headlines claimed that cacao, the tropical tree whose beans contain the raw ingredients for chocolate, was on the brink of extinction as a result of climate change.
As with many sensational stories, this one turned out to be inaccurate. Cacao trees aren't going extinct. But a warmer, drier climate in the rain forests of West Africa — the world's leading producer of cacao — may soon pose a threat to the region's farmland.
The region's changing climate also seems to have exacerbated a more immediate threat to the crop's cultivation: cocoa swollen shoot virus disease, which is spread by a pencil eraser-sized insect known as the mealybug that feeds upon the sap of cacao trees.
The bug seems to thrive as temperatures rise.
Cacao tree Martin Wahlborg / Getty Images/iStockphoto
“Pests are like the canaries of the mine for climate change,” says Dr. Christian Bunn, a postdoctoral fellow with the International Center for Tropical Agriculture in Palmira, Colombia. “Their diseases are often the first symptom of climate change.”
Bunn added that there have been previous booms and busts in cacao production. “Brazil was the largest producer until pests weren't containable anymore, then there was a similar trend in Indonesia,” he said. “The question in West Africa now is: can it be contained?”
Fighting back
Scientists, including a team at the University of California, Berkeley, think both threats can be mitigated — and they've mounted a serious effort to do just that.
With the help of a suite of genetic engineering tools including CRISPR — and money from Mars Inc., one of the world's biggest chocolate producers — researchers with Berkeley's Innovative Genomics Institute are working to breed a super-resilient variety of cacao tree.
The institute's work starts with light-pink cacao flowers taken from trees grown on a plantation near Miami and then shipped to Berkeley. The tiny flowers may hold the key to making cacao trees more tolerant of weather extremes and more resistant to disease.
Cacao Innovative Genomics Institute
Scientists at the institute remove cells from the petals, sterilize them to kill off fungi or germs, and then place single plant cells into culture dishes. From there, the scientists plan to use the gene-editing tools in an attempt to create mutations within the DNA inside the cells, which would then grow into cacao trees; one or more of these many gene-edited trees may prove superior at resisting disease.
At some point, the scientists might even be able to engineer trees whose flowers bloom at different temperatures, or trees with higher yields of cacao beans.
No silver bullets
Dr. Brian Staskawicz, the institute's science director, says it can take up to a decade to grow copies of a gene-edited crop and test them under real-world growing conditions to see if they are, in fact, more resistant to disease then ordinary plants.
And since cacao is a tree rather than a crop that's planted annually, the road to rescuing it from the grip of nature might be even longer.
The sooner more of those flowers get tested, Staskawicz says, the sooner the scientists might be able to apply these genetic engineering techniques out on the farm — a sweet prospect for cacao farmers and chocolate lovers alike.
Bunn agrees. “I don't believe in silver bullets,” he says. “But CRISPR must be part of the toolbox to reduce the unavoidable losses of crops to climate change.”
German police say that a 19-year-old Afghan asylum-seeker has suffered serious burns after setting himself on fire at a supermarket warehouse in Bavaria.
Police said that the man poured gasoline over himself and set himself ablaze early Monday in Gaimersheim, a town between Nuremberg and Munich. He had bought the gasoline shortly before at a filling station.
The blaze was extinguished swiftly by other people at the scene, but the man was seriously injured.
The man's motives weren't immediately clear. Police say he was carrying a knife but didn't use it.
Wells Fargo defrauded the government during financial crisis: suit More bad news for Wells Fargo. A Manhattan federal appeals court on Thursday revived a whistleblower suit against the beleaguered bank, reviving allegations by two former employees that Wells hid...
Pulitzer winner's book shows how biz execs became ‘too big to jail' Arthur Andersen deserved to die. In 2001, the accounting firm was one of the “Big Five” auditors in the country with around 85,000 employees and a thriving consulting business. But...
All banks pass Fed stress test for first time since financial crisis Big banks passed the Federal Reserve's annual stress test of their financial health — and responded with a giveaway to investors worth billions of dollars in the form of dividends...
House approves legislation to roll back Dodd-Frank act The House on Thursday passed a bill that obliterates part of former President Obama's biggest Wall Street reform bill. The new bill, the Financial Choice Act, moves to erase many...
Trump scales back banking regulations with executive order President Trump on Friday began scaling back banking regulations that reshaped the financial industry after the 2008 financial collapse. The president signed an executive order directing a sweeping review of...
Trump taking steps to roll back Dodd-Frank financial regulations WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is taking his first steps aimed at scaling back financial services regulations, and the Republican-run Congress cast a vote early Friday signaling that it's eager...
Top European banks agree to pay $12B over toxic bonds Not every European bank is fighting mad. Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank have settled long-running US probes into their sale of toxic mortgage bonds in the years leading up to...
Banks get slapped with $220M in fines over economic crisis Big banks are getting slapped around for their actions during the financial crisis. Regulators in the US and Europe levied roughly $220 million in fines on Wednesday to settle various...
BAM chairman buys $7.4M Brooklyn penthouse Brooklyn Academy of Music chairman Alan Fishman holds the unique distinction of having presided over Washington Mutual as its CEO for only 17 days in September 2008 before the bank's...
Meth lab caused fire in casino hotel room ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. — Police in New Jersey charged a man with setting up a methamphetamine lab that caused a fire in an Atlantic City casino hotel room, leading four...
Man awarded $750K after drinking 'caustic beer' at casino ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. — A man whose esophagus and stomach were severely burned when he drank a beer tainted by a caustic chemical at an Atlantic City casino restaurant has...
Miss North Dakota Cara Mund crowned Miss America 2018 ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. — Miss North Dakota, a 23-year-old who said President Donald Trump was wrong to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord, was named Miss...
3-foot-long alligator discovered in New Jersey motel pool ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. — An alligator has been found in a swimming pool at a motel at the New Jersey shore. The 3-foot-long alligator was discovered Tuesday morning at the...
Terrifying video shows Atlantic City car chase and shootout Newly released footage shows the moment that police killed 27-year-old Antoquan T. Watson during a dramatic shootout. Watson had led police on a dangerous chase that ended with him leaving his...
Legal gambling's big winners are the politicians New York's 2013 decision to OK more casinos in the state is proving a wise move — for politicians. For regular New Yorkers, not so much. Take the $2 million-a-year...
Man beat dad to death with baseball bat on Father's Day: cops A man was arrested in New Jersey Friday for bludgeoning his dad to death with a baseball bat on Father's Day. Michael Marchalk, 37, allegedly robbed his 60-year-old father Gary...
Body of second New Jersey teen swept out to sea found ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. — Authorities have recovered the body of the second teenager who was swept away by a strong current while swimming off Atlantic City. Police say a person...
This delicious Sunday sauce has a sweet backstory Chef Michael Symon isn't just giving his mom a card this Mother's Day. He's opening a restaurant with her name on it. “The Chew” co-host and “Iron Chef” veteran has...
Bridging The Gap
Intergenerational activities
______________________________________________________________________________________________
Love Collage With Valentine's Day upon us, “love” is in the air. It is the perfect time of year to sit down with family and friends and share in a meaningful activity. Grab a bunch of old magazines, brochures, flyers and catalogs. Set out paper and glue and have each participant make a collage of the things he/she loves. It is a great way to connect and get to know one another all over again. Have fun! ___________________________________________________________
Humorous quotes
Read these humorous quotes and sayings and have a laugh to brighten up your day.
______________________________________________________________________________________________
“Just last week I wrote: ‘I still love you. See last year's card for full details.” – Michael McIntyre
______________________________________________________________________________________________
It takes two
____________________________________________________________________________________________
While Apple Pie is probably the most famous American dessert, other countries have their own delicious confections in which they are known for. Test your global sweet tooth by matching up these international desserts to their country of origin.
Brigadeiros Créme Brûlée Gelato Syrniki Baklava Banoffee Pie Italy Russia England Brazil Turkey France
___________________________________________________________________________________________
Name That Tune
______________________________________________________________________________________________
As a nod to Valentine's day, can you guess the name of this famous love song made popular by in 1960?
“…Just because we're in our teens
Tell them all, please tell them it isn't fair
To take away my only dream…”
Answers
______________________________________________________________________________________________
Remember when …
Each issue, we ask readers about a memory that tells a story. We will publish some of these stories here for fellow readers to share
______________________________________________________________________________________________
What is your most special Valentine's Day memory?
______________________________________________________________________________________________
Total Recall
______________________________________________________________________________________________
See if you can fill in the blanks to the following trivia questions relating to the Beatles.
The Beatles first hit song was “ _________” in 1962. The Beatles song, “Hey Prudence” was written for the sister of actress _____________. ______________ was considered the “Fifth Beatle” and played drums during their early club performing days. The 1968 album entitled, “The Beatles,” is better known as “ _____________” and released as a double album. The Beatles broke up in _____________, but had different levels of success as solo performers.
Answers
Would you want to date someone who didn't write his or her own dating profile? Well, it happens. For a fee of $900, New York dating coach Meredith Golden ghost writes online dating profiles.
The New York City matchmaker, a 42-year-old married mother of two, curates her clients' profiles, even crafting messages to set up dates. The idea of working as an online dating coach came to her after setting up several of her friends who ultimately got married in the late 1990s. Two years ago, she started charging for the service after people she didn't know came to her for help.
Golden herself met her husband through friends 16 years ago — before dating apps had hit the scene. She has never personally used a dating app, but said her training makes her equipped to help modern singles. With a master's degree in social work from New York University and five years of experience in individual psychotherapy treating patients with depression and anxiety, Golden saw an opportunity to take on a more light-hearted trade. “All those skills transferred over to this work I'm doing now,” she said.
Golden juggles a maximum of 12 clients at a time, charging them $900 for the first month of coaching, $700 for the second, and $500 for each additional month. She said she works with men of all ages but most women who come to her are in their mid-to-late 30s. While some clients have relationship problems to be solved, most people come to her because they are simply too busy to date. She mentions one client, a divorced investment banker in her late 40s who is “beautiful, successful, and single.” She's got a high-pressure job and two kids on the Upper East Side in New York City — and no time for dating.
“Most of my clients have these enormously successful careers and they've got families,” she said.
MarketWatch spoke with Golden about what she's learned about finding love in the process:
MarketWatch: Which apps do you use?
Golden: Each client has a different need. I have one client I put on Bumble and that's plenty, because they get so many dates and it's so time consuming. There are other people who aren't going to have as easy of a time — one app isn't sufficient.
If someone is older and divorced, I might put them on one matching app and a ‘swipey' app [a location-based app like Tinder] and if that doesn't work then I'll add something like Coffee Meets Bagel. If a girl is in her late 30s, no kids and highly educated I will put her on The League. If I have someone in the suburbs who are older and Jewish, JDate is great for them. If they are Jewish and in their mid-30s, JSwipe will be good. If they are really educated and want to meet a great guy in finance, The League may be a better fit. For a lot of my older clients, women who are divorced in mid 40s or 50s, Match.com can be great.
MarketWatch: What aspects of dating do you help with?
Golden: I am a jack of all trades in this sense, I do all of the profiles including selecting photos and writing the bios. I really believe what people put out there is what comes back. If someone presents themselves like a curmudgeon holed up in their apartment they're going to get that back. So I make them look happy, like they have a full life — whether it's a short profile on Bumble or Hinge or a longer profile on Match.
Here's what you want your profile to say: I have a good life, I have a family, I have friends. I am joyful and positive — and in addition to all this good stuff I'm looking for someone to share this with. I say that in the voice of the client and in a way that reflects their hobbies and interests.
MarketWatch: How do you go about making the profile?
Golden: I read over their Facebook and Instagram and meet with them to get their relationship history, and learn if there's a problem. Some people say, “I don't have a problem with getting a first date but a second date.” I try to see what the single is doing to not get a second date. Maybe they are announcing they want kids too soon, or she's needy or a guy doesn't follow up enough. Usually, I fix it pretty quickly and break the pattern.
MarketWatch: Do you do the messaging as well?
Golden: Of course. I go in as my client. Even though it comes off as them, I am the person doing all the writing and back and forth. When it's time to schedule I will set up a date. Some clients like to keep control of their own calendar at which point they'll jump in to schedule the date.
MarketWatch: Do you worry that the matches aren't getting an authentic conversation when you chat for them?
Golden: It's so surface level that I don't worry about that at all. There is no information that should be given out on a dating app that goes past surface level interest. Are you married? Do you have kids? What are your hobbies? Everything else should be in person.
MarketWatch: Aren't there various red flags on profiles and other traits people should be looking out for beyond surface level conversation?
Golden: Yes, and I have a knack for sifting through what smells right. I can look through someone's profile and tell if they are actually in their 50s when they say they're 42. Most of my clients are too busy to spend that much time sifting through these apps.
MarketWatch: What's your success rate with first dates?
Golden: If I am asking for a first date as a guy, I know when the girl is interested — 100%. As the girl I don't ask, the guy always has to ask. I'm old fashioned in that sense.
MarketWatch: If you're a woman wanting to be asked out by men on these apps, how do you know if a guy is into you?
Golden: If they aren't asking you out by the third or fourth it's not happening.
MarketWatch: What are some tips for photos?
Golden: My pet peeves are chest pictures, bathing suits pictures, or lying on your back in a bed taking a selfie. Take your earbuds out — what are you doing? Have a picture of you smiling that isn't a selfie. Have your doorman take it, have an Uber driver take it. Look up at the camera, not down; don't grimace, no puckering faces. Just smile and be happy. It doesn't have to be a professional photographer or work picture, it just needs to not be slovenly. Guys don't get that a picture has a huge impact on whether a girl chooses to talk to them.
MarketWatch: Would you recommend guys get a second opinion then?
Golden: Obviously! And a third opinion — from a female friend and not one of your bros.
What about women's photos?
Golden: Generally women's pictures represent who they are. Guys typically look better in person because their pictures don't represent who they are.
MarketWatch: What are the biggest mistakes women make when dating online?
Golden: I think the expectations are too high for women online. Not everyone comes in the package we want, they may have other attributes. Everyone's got a strength to bring to the table and it doesn't always come how we expect it to look.
MarketWatch: What are the biggest mistakes men make when dating online?
Golden: They don't ask the girl out. Guys also think everyone is available last minute. If you are connecting with someone on Thursday, the time to ask her out isn't that night at 6 p.m. A good exchange is, “I would love to get a drink next week.” Then get her cell number and keep the conversation going.
MarketWatch: Do you have LGBTQ customers and how does their experience differ?
Golden: I don't think it does, I think love is love, the objective is the same, and all dating apps have options for all orientations now.
MarketWatch: Who should pay on the first date?
Golden: Whoever initiates — but I think the guy should initiate so then the guy should pay.
MarketWatch: What is your number one rule for single people using dating apps?
Golden: Stay off on the weekend. Weekends are for having fun you should look busy and active and having a full weekend — you shouldn't be sitting around on a Saturday afternoon on Hinge.
The statue was built in 1913. Castleman was a confederate officer during the Civil War. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – A group called Showing Up for Racial Justice held a protest in the Highlands at the Cherokee Triangle round-about Monday night.
"Mayor Fischer, take it down," the crowd shouted.
"Racism and white supremacy have no place in our community,” another protestor yelled.
The group believes the statue of John B. Castleman encourages the ideals of the confederacy, and want it removed. It is clear others do as well by the orange graffiti on the statue.
PREVIOUS STORIES
+ Mayor Fischer orders review of public art in search of pieces promoting bigotry, racism
+ Louisville monument honoring former Confederate officer vandalized
+ Mayor Fischer issues letter to Louisville citizens after Charlottesville riot
+ Local, state leaders issue statements on VA racially-charged rally
"He represents a legacy, a history of racism, brutality and violence," Pam McMichael, with Showing Up for Racial Justice, said. "There's no place in our community for those kinds of symbols."
The statue was built in 1913. Castleman was a confederate officer during the Civil War.
After the war, he was sentenced to death for spying on the United States but was pardoned.
Castleman later joined the U.S. Army, led the Louisville Legion, was a notable businessman, and played a role in establishing Louisville's Olmsted Park system.
"It's a gorgeous piece of work and it causes a dialogue and its good," a man who only wanted to be identified as Chad, said. "I love these protestors. They're doing what they're supposed to be doing. But come on where were you a month ago?"
This protest was sparked by a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
"There are a lot of crazy things going on,” Jesenia Avila said.
Protest attendees were mostly white Americans. They feel removing the statue is one step toward healing centuries old wounds.
There are other statues of historic figures, like George Dennison Prentice, in front of the Louisville Public Library. The statue highlights both the positive and controversial facts about Dennison. However, McMichael doesn't think that's not enough.
"We want it to come down," McMichael said.
A petition to remove the statue is circulating in the community. It's received more than 1,500 signatures.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Yankees' half-measure failure forces grand plan into focus TORONTO — Tyler Clippard symbolized the balancing act — the magic act, really — these 2016 Yankees tried and will fail to execute. No other team in the game's history...
Joe Girardi is lowering Starlin Castro return expectations TORONTO — Hold off on those “Welcome back, Castro” T-shirts. Starlin Castro took batting practice for the first time since straining his hamstring in Boston last weekend before the Yankees'...
Starlin Castro pushes comeback to play out string with Yankees ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — Starlin Castro ran on the treadmill at the Yankees minor league complex on Thursday in hopes of getting back on the field at some point during...
Yankees offense lays an egg in back-breaking loss ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — After the Yankees dropped a game they couldn't afford to lose, Brett Gardner came up with the math that might actually get them into the postseason....
Why Gary Sanchez's success has surprised Red Sox manager BOSTON — Gary Sanchez continues to be about the only bright spot these days for the Yankees. With his mammoth blast off David Price in the third inning of Saturday's...
Free-falling Yankees fall to Red Sox as playoff hopes fade BOSTON — Midnight seems to be approaching quickly for the underdog Yankees. After their most devastating loss of the season Thursday night, the Yankees promised to come off the mat...
Billy Butler's Yankees debut perfect — until the fateful ninth BOSTON — Billy Butler's Yankee debut was one to forget thanks to a ninth-inning collapse by Dellin Betances in a 7-5 loss to the Red Sox, but Butler showed he...
In Soho, the Gentle Monster eyewear store is moving its flagship to nearly 10,000 square feet at 70 Wooster between Spring and Broome streets.
With 40 feet of frontage, the space has a 5,072 square-foot ground floor as well as 19-foot ceilings and a 4,583 square-foot lower level.
Cassie Durand and Andrew Turf of CBRE represented the tenant, which has been very successful at its current 79 Grand St. location.
The move brings it opposite Céline and the upcoming Gucci store.
Christopher Owles and Sarah Shannon of Sinvin represented the ownership, which had an asking rent of $1.2 million per year.
DUBLIN, Ohio – After finally reaching the top spot in the Official World Golf Ranking, Justin Thomas was so excited he couldn't sleep.
Thomas was high above the Florida skies following a T-11 finish at The Players Championship when Dustin Johnson's result at the same event ensured that Thomas would ascend to No. 1 for the first time in his career. While it wasn't as climactic as the climbs of Rory McIlroy, Jason Day and Johnson, all of whom reached No. 1 for the first time with a tournament victory, Thomas didn't care much about the path that ultimately brought him to the top.
What he did care about, though, was arriving at the destination. While the world rankings typically refresh each week in the early morning hours on Monday, Thomas explained that he didn't go to bed after leaving TPC Sawgrass before checking the new standings online and seeing his name in the No. 1 position.
Updated Official World Golf Ranking
Memorial Tournament: Articles, photos and videos
“I ended up staying late enough to where I waited to refresh it and saw it. And it was pretty cool,” Thomas said. “Seeing every other golfer in the world behind my name was a pretty fun thing.”
Thomas is now in his third week as world No. 1, and this week's Memorial Tournament represents his first opportunity to tee it up as the top-ranked player in the world. Having taken the last two weeks off, he feels “physically well and mentally fresh” as he gets set for his final prep before the U.S. Open.
While Thomas was all smiles in the interview room Wednesday, he admitted that reaching the top spot in the world rankings felt a bit different than winning a tournament.
“It's odd, because nothing comes with it,” Thomas said. “Like, when you win a tournament, you get a trophy, you get a lot of money, you do a press conference afterwards. Whereas I think I was in the middle of flying home when D.J. finished and I had been told, and it was like, ‘OK, I'm almost home.'”
Thomas had two prior opportunities this year to surpass Johnson at No. 1, notably at the WGC-Dell Technologies Match Play Championship when he needed to reach the finals but instead finished fourth. Having reiterated his desire to not only reach No. 1 but maintain the top spot for an extended period, Thomas confessed to taking a screen shot of the rankings page during those early hours when he finally, officially, got to No. 1.
“Why wouldn't you?” Thomas said.
Derek Jeter arrived at Yankee Stadium as the center of attention on Sunday — and not just because his No. 2 jersey was being retired.
The retired shortstop has also been in the news for his bid to buy the Marlins along with former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush.
Jeter, at a press conference following his jersey-retirement ceremony in The Bronx, attempted to downplay any potential role in the sale of the team.
“There's nothing to report on that,” Jeter said. “Absolutely nothing. I think sometimes [with] stories, people get ahead of themselves. And there was a story people got way ahead of themselves a few weeks back. There's nothing to report. If there's something to report, I'll let you know.”
Sure.
Jorge Posada, Jeter's friend and former teammate, didn't dismiss the idea.
“People are asking, ‘Is it going to happen? That would be great,'” Posada said. “He brings that winning mentality. The people in Miami want it. They want change.”
Tino Martinez also sounded hopeful.
“Owning a team, for him it's a challenge and brings out that competitive spirit again, of trying to win a championship,” Martinez said. “I think that's really what he wants to get involved in, is getting to his next level of his life in baseball where he can still do something to achieve a World Series and be the best team, best at what you do.”
During his on-field speech, Jeter repeatedly mentioned the importance of the Yankee franchise to him.
“I'm eternally grateful to be part of the Yankee family,” Jeter said.
But that doesn't necessarily preclude him from entering a business venture to buy a piece of the Marlins.
Speaking of retired life, Jeter said “you find other things you can compete in. Whether it's business or recreational sports, you find something.”
Could that be a stake in the Marlins? It seems any potential road to get there has grown more complicated for Jeter and his group.
see also Derek Jeter's Marlins bid could be drowning Derek Jeter's dream of buying a Major League Baseball team...
The Post reported last week that a potential $1.34 billion bids to buy the Marlins could be in trouble.
Jeter's group is having a hard time coming up with the cash needed to purchase the team, according to reports, because Major League Baseball requires that the new owner not be saddled with significant amounts of debt to buy a team that is said to be losing money and already has a sizable amount of debt.
Last week, a spokeswoman for Bush said it was “inaccurate” to say the bid was in jeopardy. And Bush recently expressed hope that he and Jeter would raise the money.
Jeter and Bush emerged as the “preferred bidder” to purchase the Marlins last month. Since then, though, other groups have also shown interest, including an investor group led by Tagg Romney, a hedge fund manager and son of 2012 GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney.
Bratton rips Trump over plan to arm teachers Former police commissioner Bill Bratton called President Trump's proposal to arm teachers “the height of lunacy,” in a blistering series of Tweets Thursday afternoon. “Proposals to arm American teachers are...
NYPD official planned to frame officer for rape to cover up scandal: cop A police sergeant says the NYPD covered up the most damning allegations in its embarrassing 2015 karaoke bar bribery scandal including a plan to frame a commanding officer for rape....
Bill Bratton issues dark warning on looming terror attacks Suicide bombings like last week's Port Authority attack will explode in frequency and become “a fact of life in America” — especially New York City, former NYPD commissioner Bill Bratton...
NYPD needs to replace 36K useless smartphones The NYPD has to scrap the 36,000 smartphones it gave cops over the past two years because they're already obsolete and can't be upgraded, The Post has learned. The city...
Bratton: There's no easy fix for Chicago's crime rate Retired NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton said Sunday there's “no quick fix” for Chicago's horrific murder rate and handed out blame to just about everyone involved in policing the Windy City....
NYPD surgeon 'abused' parking privileges to attend Broadway show A part-time NYPD surgeon and pal of ex-Police Commissioner Bill Bratton has lost his parking privileges pending a probe of possible abuse — for the second time, officials told The...
Senate to pass repeat-offender bill named after slain cop ALBANY – The state Senate plans to pass a bill Monday named after an NYPD officer killed in the line of duty that is intended to keep repeat violent offenders...
Bill Bratton is really happy he's not with NYPD any more Former NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton couldn't be happier since leaving the Police Department, his successor said Wednesday. “He's the happiest human being on the planet right now,” according to current...
Bratton pal using cop parking pass to leave car at fire hyrdrants A Manhattan plastic surgeon who is a pal of former NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton is using his police parking placard to leave his Mercedes-Benz SUV in front of fire hydrants...
Dana White cannot wait for Saturday to be over.
The UFC president has poured a lot of effort into his star Conor McGregor's boxing match with Floyd Mayweather and the stress is getting to him. White was asked if the UFC was going to have an event in Chile in the future.
“Off the top of my head, I don't know,” White told reporters. “I'm fried, I'm f—ing fried. I'm really just focusing on Saturday.”
A production of such magnitude obviously needs months and months of preparation to ensure boxing's night of nights — which has already generated more than $70 million in ticket sales alone — goes off without a hitch.
White lashed out at Showtime after revealing they asked the McGregor camp to organize the Irish national anthem days before the two fighters touch gloves.
“It's a crazy story,” he told reporters Thursday. “Showtime basically popped it on us two days ago (saying) ‘You guys have to.' We thought ‘Why do we have to?' It's your show.”
Warning: Graphic language
White said he had to make frantic phone calls to find a singer for the anthem, turning to iconic U2 frontman Bono for help.
“I was trying to call Ireland at all the wrong times,” he said. “We called Bono first, he said he wanted to do it but he's got a wedding this weekend. You can't call these guys with three days' notice, you know what I mean?”
White, who has faced a horror week with UFC champion Jon Jones being caught with banned substances in his system, admitted Saturday's fight has him on edge.
“I'm nervous for the fight. I haven't been in a situation like this ever. Usually, they are (fighters) both our (UFC) guys getting ready for a big fight but this is a totally different ball game.
“This is a win-win for combat sports. I always like when these types of fights come together, you can always see where the bar is on what's possible.”
White admitted he hasn't planned what he'll do to celebrate if his show pony pulls off a shock win, but the 48-year-old said he has a vague idea.
“I've said this since the first day we got into this business, I've always said it and I'll say it again: Combat sport is the biggest on Earth — there's nothing bigger than this,” he said.
“When you get the right guys at the right place at the right time, literally the world is going to be watching. Over 200 countries are on pay-per-view … the pre-buys are off the charts.”
“If Conor wins, we'll probably go on a three-week bender,” he said with a laugh. “But if Conor loses, we'll probably go on a three-week bender.”
MOSCOW — Two men from Chechnya have told Reuters they were detained by police and subjected to torture and beatings because they were gay, which is considered a crime by some in their deeply conservative region of Russia.
The two have since fled mainly Muslim Chechnya, but they still fear being hunted down and persecuted. They spoke to Reuters on condition that their real names were not used, and their voices and faces disguised.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Gay Man Describes Detention and Torture in Chechnya 0:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
One of the men, who gave his name as Anzor, said he had been detained by police as he was driving in the company of other men from a Chechen village to the Caucasus region's capital Grozny in February.
"They found some medicine on one of the guys," he said. Seeing his rings and bracelets, the policemen asked if he was "a f----t" and beat him severely, the man said in an interview.
"Then they ... forced me to tie a cable to my little toe and to my little finger. I was forced to do it myself, to attach the wires. And then they started using electric shocks," he said.
Related: Kidnapping, Torture, Murder: Refugees Speak of Chechnya's Anti-Gay Purge
The accounts that the two men gave could not be independently verified by Reuters. They fit in, however, with a pattern of persecution described by other sources.
Campaigners hold a protest concerning lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender rights in Chechnya, outside the Russian Embassy in Central London on June 2, 2017. The protest is part of a worldwide day of protest to highlight the rights of LGBTQ people in the Chechnya region of Russia. Will Oliver / EPA
Chechnya's Moscow-backed president Ramzan Kadyrov denies human rights are routinely flouted in the region. His spokesman has said there could be no attacks on gay men because there were no such people in Chechnya.
The Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta reported in April that authorities in Chechnya had rounded up over 100 gay men or men believed to be gay and tortured them. At least three of the men had been killed, the newspaper reported.
A demonstrator holder a placard depicting Russian president Vladimir Putin with the label 'Stop Homophobia', to denounce the anti-gay campaign launched in the Russian province of Chechnya, during a protest held on Place de la Republique in Paris on April 20, 2017. Ian Langsdon / EPA
Kremlin critics regarded the report as further evidence that Moscow allows authorities in Chechnya to run the region -- which has been consumed by two wars since the 1991 disintegration of the Soviet Union -- as a feudal fiefdom in exchange for keeping separatist and radical Islamist sentiment suppressed.
The second Chechen man, who gave his name as Ramzan, said he had been detained by police in April and told to give the names, addresses and work places of his gay contacts. He was beaten when he declined to obey, he said.
Related: Pleas for Help From Gay Men in Chechnya on Rise, Russian Group Says
He was saved from more serious torture by saying that one of his uncles was a law enforcement officer, he said. But that put his life in danger after police handed him over to relatives who handcuffed him to a radiator in a village house.
"There was only one thing left to do: to get rid of me. Because it was such a shame for a military family, for a rather big family. We (in Chechnya) have only one way to resolve this."
He said he managed to escape with the help of his sister.
Nikita Safronov, a Moscow-based LGBTQ activist, said almost 100 people from Chechnya had already got in touch via an LGBTQ-network hotline, and that more than 40 of them had been "evacuated". Some had already left Russia, he added.
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook & Instagram
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Americans eagerly fulfill John Adams' wish that Independence Day be commemorated “... with pomp and parade, with shows, games, sports, guns, bells, bonfires and illuminations from one end of this continent to the other, from this time forward forever more.” He thought the big day would be July 2, when the Second Continental Congress voted in 1776 to declare independence, but it turned out to be July 4, when the same body adopted the Declaration of Independence.
In any case, much of the detail about the Revolutionary era has faded into the recesses of historical memory. Herewith, a quiz about the Founders, the Declaration and that extraordinary era.
1. Which future president was among George Washington's officers when his Army defeated the Hessian garrison at Trenton in December 1776?
a) John Adams; b) James Madison, c) James Monroe; d) John Quincy Adams.
2. The battles of Lexington, Concord and Bunker Hill were fought a) before; b) during;
c) after; the Congress adopted the Declaration.
3. Who ignored orders from his superior officer and led an American assault that captured Fort Ticonderoga from the British on Oct. 7, 1777?
a) Lighthorse Harry Lee; b) Horatio Gates;
c) Benedict Arnold; d) Nathaniel Greene.
4. Which two Founders, former presidents and bitter enemies died on July 4, 1826, 50 years to the day that they both had signed the Declaration?
a) James Monroe and James Madison; b) Thomas Jefferson and James Madison; c) George Washington and John Adams; d) Thomas Jefferson and John Adams.
5. True or False: The long list of “injuries and usurpations” that the Declaration ascribes to King George III includes responsibility for the slave trade.
6. True or False: The Declaration accuses King George III of hindering immigration.
7. After Benedict Arnold defected to the British, which captured British officer did Washington offer to exchange for Arnold's return?
a) Adm. Richard Howe; b) Gen. William Howe; c) Maj. John André; d) Col. Banastre Tarleton.
8. After Washington announced that he would relinquish his commission following the end of hostilities, who is reported to have said, “Then truly he is the world's greatest man”?
a)Marquis de Lafayette; b) Alexander Hamilton; c) King George III; d) Benjamin Franklin.
9. True or False - Maj. John André, adjutant general of the British Army, was captured while wearing civilian clothes by three Americans, one wearing a Hessian mercenary uniform.
10. Who led an attack on “Redoubt 10” at Yorktown, which contributed heavily to British Gen. Cornwallis' decision to surrender?
a) James Monroe; b) Lafayette; c)Aaron Burr; d) Alexander Hamilton.
ANSWERS
1. C - James Monroe.
2. A - Before — Lexington and Concord on April 19, 1775; Bunker Hill on June 17, 1775.
3. C - Benedict Arnold, whom Washington considered to be the Americans' best infantry commander.
4. D - Thomas Jefferson and John Adams, who had reconciled by the time of their deaths.
5. False. Thomas Jefferson's first draft that he presented to the Congress condemned the king for the slave trade, calling it “a cruel war against human nature itself.” The passage was removed at the insistence of delegates from South Carolina and Georgia.
6. True: “He has endeavoured to prevent the population of these states; for that purpose obstructing the laws for naturalization of foreigners; refusing to pass others to encourage their migration hither; and the raising the conditions of new appropriations of lands.”
7. C- Maj. John André. The British refused the offer; Andre was tried and hanged as a spy.
8. C - King George III, who had presumed that the Revolution would produce a rival monarchy to govern the lost colonies.
9. True - Arnold had provided André with civilian clothes and a pass through American lines, but André mistook the three New York militiamen as Tories because one wore the Hessian coat, and asked them to help get him to British headquarters in New York City.
10. D - Alexander Hamilton, at Hamilton's insistence and with the reluctant approval of Washington, who valued Hamilton's counsel and did not want to put him at risk in combat.
Don't have the time or money to plan a trip to space?
Just send your DNA.
Celestis, a company that's been sending cremated remains into space since 1997, recently expanded their services for humans who aren't dead.
The Houston-based company is now offering to launch your DNA to infinity and beyond – which is a great alternative to the hassle of trying to snag a $250,000 seat on Virgin Galactic's spaceflight.
In order to make sure your DNA sample is ready for the journey, Celestis teamed up with a Canadian technology lab that will process the genome into a fine powder. The powder will then be placed into tiny, engraved capsules.
Prices range from $1,295 to $12,500, depending on where you'd like your DNA to go. Customers can choose from four options: a suborbital launch that will return to Earth, a launch that includes incineration during re-entry, a rocket to the moon, or a rocket beyond the moon. The last option will not return to Earth, ensuring a piece of you will forever live among the stars.
The first voyage is slated to lift off from New Mexico's Spaceport America in September.
President Donald Trump on Friday warned North Korea's leader that he "will not get away with" it if he does anything against the U.S. or its allies.
"If he utters one threat in the form of an overt threat — which by the way he's been uttering for years, and his family has been uttering for years — or if he does anything with respect to Guam, or American territory or an American ally, he will truly regret it and he will regret it fast," Trump said of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Speaking to reporters later after meeting with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley and National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, the president said he planned to talk to Chinese President Xi Jinping on Friday evening, noting that the two countries have been working "very closely" on the North Korea issue.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Tweet Says U.S. Military Solutions 2:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump also previewed that his administration was considering "very strong" additional sanctions on North Korea — "as strong as they can get," he added — but he did not offer any details.
The president said the only reason anyone was criticizing his handling of North Korea was because he was the one in charge.
"My critics are only saying that because it's me," Trump told reporters at his Bedminster, N.J., golf resort. "If somebody else uttered same words I did, they'd say what a wonderful statement."
He added, "Tens of millions in this country so happy with what I'm saying — finally we have president sticking up for our nation and for our friends and allies — and this man will not get away with what he's doing, believe me."
Earlier in the day, the president echoed similar sentiments.
"Military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely," Trump tweeted Friday morning. "Hopefully Kim Jong-un will find another path!"
Moments later, he retweeted a message from the U.S. Pacific Command's official Twitter account, stating that "#USAF B-1B Lancer #bombers on Guam stand ready to fulfill USFK's #FightTonight mission if called upon to do so."
Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong-un will find another path! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 11, 2017
The U.S. military in the region surrounding the Korean Peninsula always remains prepared with both defensive and offensive capabilities, should North Korea launch an attack. "Ready to fight tonight," is their motto.
Hours earlier, North Korea's state-run KCNA news agency slammed the White House as “warmongers” who "are unaware of the fact that even a single shell dropped on the Korean Peninsula might lead to the outbreak of a new world war, a thermonuclear war."
"We consider the U.S. no more than a lump which we can beat to a jelly any time," Pyongyang said in its statement.
Trump said he would not respond until he heard such statements from Kim himself. "Let me hear Kim Jong-un say it," the president said, adding that the North Korean leader "hasn't been saying much for the last three days."
Trump's latest tweets also came not long after a Chinese state-run newspaper said China should remain neutral if North Korea launches an attack that threatens the United States, sounding a warning for Pyongyang over its plans to fire missiles near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.
The comments from the influential Global Times came after Trump stepped up his rhetoric on Thursday against North Korea, saying his earlier threat to unleash "fire and fury" on Pyongyang if it launched an attack may not have been tough enough.
Trump also told reporters he would hold a "big press conference" Monday, but did not reveal the purpose.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump: North Korea 'Will Truly Regret' Any Attack on Guam 1:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
China, North Korea's most important ally and trading partner, has reiterated calls for calm during the current crisis. Beijing has expressed frustration with both Pyongyang's repeated nuclear and missile tests and with behavior from South Korea and the U.S., such as military drills, that it sees as increasing tensions.
"China should also make clear that if North Korea launches missiles that threaten U.S. soil first and the U.S. retaliates, China will stay neutral," the Global Times, which is widely read but does not represent government policy, said in an editorial.
"If the U.S. and South Korea carry out strikes and try to overthrow the North Korean regime and change the political pattern of the Korean Peninsula, China will prevent them from doing so," it said.
The Kremlin weighed in on Friday, too, as Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said the rhetoric from Washington and Pyongyang was "going over the top."
Trump said earlier this week Kim was not going to get away with his "horrific" comments and disrespecting America.
"Let's see what he does with Guam. He does something in Guam, it will be an event the likes of which nobody's seen before, what will happen in North Korea," Trump told reporters on Thursday.
He also said his previous promise of "fire and fury" in response to threats from North Korea may have not gone far enough, vowing "trouble" for the country if its actions don't change. "If anything, maybe that statement [about "fire and fury"] wasn't tough enough," Trump said Thursday.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed North Korea Missile Threats Cause Unease in Guam 2:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Shortly after Trump spoke Thursday, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis told reporters the United States still preferred a diplomatic approach to the North Korean threat and that a war would be "catastrophic."
Even as the war of words between the U.S and North Korean leaders builds, a steady push for a diplomatic solution has been happening both in front and behind the scenes.
Although the two nations do not have formal diplomatic relations, a back channel used by previous administrations through the United Nations remains open. The news was first reported by the Associated Press.
“They know how to reach us,” Deputy Assistant Secretary for Southeast Asia W. Patrick Murphy told reporters Friday.
Starting in February of this year, U.S. Special Envoy for North Korea, Joseph Yun and a senior North Korean diplomat for the United Nations, Kim Song Il, have been holding secret negotiations, focused on securing the release of American Otto Warmbier and other detained Americans but also discussing other aspects of the U.S. North Korean relationship.
“It's a channel we've used often to set up other negotiations with the North Koreans,” former CIA acting director and deputy director John McLaughlin told NBC News. “I don't think it's a time for escalating war of words here, playing chicken with them. I think Mattis has this right: get it in diplomatic channels, start to move it back, look for face-saving ways out and there's nothing to be gained by anyone in a confrontation at this point."
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the U.S. would like to sit down for formal talks with North Korea if they meet certain conditions but what those conditions are is not entirely clear.
“We'll know when we see it,” Tillerson said Monday. “The best signal that North Korea could give us that they are prepared to talk would be to stop these missile launches.”
Murphy later played down the possibility of diplomacy with Pyongyang.
"Now is not the opportunity for dialogue," Murphy said.
"Dialogue is not something to be negotiated. Standing down on the pursuit of dangerous missiles and nuclear programs in defiance of the international community, in defiance of the Security Council resolutions is what is at stake here," he said.
Trump declined on Friday to comment on the success of U.S. diplomatic back channels with North Korea, instead saying his administration's handling of the issue will "either be very, very successful quickly or we're gonna be very, very successful in a different way, quickly."
Adam Edelman reported from New York. Ali Vitali, Abigail Williams and Courtney Kube reported from Washington, D.C.
Image copyright UNI BASEL Image caption The two different forms of water (blue or red arrows) react with the diazenylium atoms at different speeds
Scientists have isolated the two different forms of water molecule for the first time.
Water molecules were known to exist as two distinct "isomers", or types, based on their slightly different properties at the atomic level.
By separating out the two isomers, researchers were able to show that they behave differently in the way that they undergo chemical reactions.
The work appears in Nature Communications.
In basic terms, water molecules consist of a single oxygen atom bonded to a pair of hydrogen atoms.
However, they can be further subdivided based on a property of the nuclei at the hearts of the hydrogen atoms - their "spin".
While they aren't spinning in the sense we would understand, this property of hydrogen nuclei does affect the rotation of the water molecules themselves.
If the nuclear spins of the two hydrogen atoms in water are oriented in the same direction, it is called ortho-water. If they are arranged in different directions, it is known as para-water.
Given that the isomers are very similar, it has been particularly challenging to separate them out. But co-author Prof Stefan Willitsch and his colleagues succeeded in doing it using electric fields.
They were then able to investigate how the different forms of water reacted with another chemical.
They used ultracold diazenylium ions (a form of nitrogen) for this test. The researchers found that para-water reacted about 25% faster with the diazenylium than ortho-water.
Because the rotation of H2O molecules is affected by the nuclear spin, different attractive forces act between the partners in this chemical reaction. The researchers supported this interpretation using computer modelling.
Prof Willitsch said the research could help improve control over other kinds of chemical reaction: "The better one can control the states of the molecules involved in a chemical reaction, the better the underlying mechanisms and dynamics of a reaction can be investigated and understood."
1:33 First Baby of 2017 Pause
2:18 Gov. Pat McCrory concedes defeat to Roy Cooper
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:14 Time-lapse of post-Hurricane Matthew tour on Parris Island
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
A Maryland golf course was the scene of a deadly helicopter crash Monday afternoon.
According to local reporting from NBCWashington.com, a military helicopter crashed on Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown, Maryland, about 60 miles southeast of Washington D.C. One of the crew members on board was killed, while the others each sustained serious injury.
According to the report, the crew was “conducting a routine training flight.” Multiple people who either work at the course or live in the neighborhood say they saw the helicopter flying surprisingly low to the ground.
“It started to spiral down, and it disappeared below the trees,” neighbor Bianca Melton told NBC Washington. “It looked like it had flipped over, upside-down, and then we heard a big explosion sound.”
An investigation of the crash is being carried out by the Army. Check out the full report here.
This article originally appeared on
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
In the latest skirmish in the retail wars between online and offline shopping, Target is introducing same-day delivery.
The first stores to get the new service will be stores in Birmingham, Alabama and South Florida on February 1st. The next week the service will roll out to more locations in Alabama, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee. And by the end of 2018, the rest of the country.
“Same-day delivery was at the top of our list when we were thinking about ways to make shopping at Target even easier,” said John Mulligan, Target's executive vice president and chief operating officer said in a statement.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Target begins same-day delivery as shipping wars heat up 2:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The new service will be offered in partnership with Shipt, an online grocery marketplace the retail giant acquired in December for $550 million. Customers can log into the Shipt app and purchase over 50,000 items from Target.
The service already has a network of more than 20,000 personal shoppers who buy items for shoppers and deliver them within a few hours. Shipt is hiring 100,000 more nationwide.
The offering is a new way for Target to compete with online shopping sites like Amazon, which dominates 38 percent of all online shopping, and whose whose customers have gotten used to speed, convenience, and low prices.
While Amazon does offer its own grocery delivery called Amazon Fresh, it has scaled back the number of location it's offering it after it bought Whole Foods Market. In some ways grocery still remains a final frontier where many shoppers are still willing to go out and buy the stuff in person. That's a market Target is anxious to capture and keep.
"Target clearly sees the writing on the wall. If they're going to stay competitive, they need to up their convenience game to remain competitive with the likes of Wal-Mart, Jet, and Amazon,” Darren Seifer, a food and beverage industry analyst for NPD, told NBC News.
“Particularly with Amazon that already has same day delivery in their infrastructure, and with their recent acquisition of whole foods, it now allows them to deliver groceries as well as the rest of their merchandise in many same day delivery markets.”
It's not just milk and bread either. The service will also deliver "essentials, home, electronics and other products." By the end of 2019, it will also include all Target's major product categories.
Enrolling in the Shipt program costs $99 per year. That's cheaper than AmazonFresh, which costs a $179.88 per year, on top of a $99 Prime membership.
The move comes as analysts speculate that Amazon might want to buy Target.
Andres Iniesta says he spent "many months" thinking about his international future being opting to quit Spain duty after the World Cup.
Iniesta confirmed his international retirement after Spain's shock last-16 exit at the hands of hosts Russia on penalties.
The former Barcelona captain, 34, will now turn his focus to the next chapter in his career at Japanese club Vissel Kobe.
And in a lengthy social media post on Tuesday, Iniesta explained how he came to the decision to stop playing for Spain.
"Hello everyone," wrote 2010 World Cup winner Iniesta. "Fourteen years ago, I put on the shirt of our national team for the first time, I was 15 years old and I'll never forget that moment. It was a lifelong dream to be able to defend the colours of my country.
"It's something very special, not just a dream, but also a great responsibility. Throughout all these years I've tried to be conscious of what that means and to give the maximum to make you all proud.
"I believe I've been lucky to be able to live one of the best eras of Spanish football, with a generation of players who have been and are exceptional in every sense. We've achieved great success, things that we all dreamed of when we were small, but also we've had great disappointments and we've lived very difficult moments.
"To everyone, thank you very much for making me a better team-mate and better footballer. I've been proud to be able to share all these years with you.
"Now is the moment to take a step to the side. It's not been an easy decision, on the contrary, I spent many months thinking about it. The excitement to continue is total, but I've always said that I would finish doing the best for the national team.
"The future is thrilling, with a group of players who are amazing and who will have me as a fan from now on, supporting them unconditionally. I don't have any doubt that what's coming will be fantastic and that they'll reap great success. The group has to be excited."
Iniesta wrapped up his farewell by thanking the Royal Spanish Football Federation (RFEF) and some of the most important people who have guided his career.
"I'd like to give thanks to everyone at the federation for the support and treatment I've always been given during these last 19 years; to all the presidents, directors, and employees with whom I've been able to live all these years," Iniesta continued.
"I've had the fortune of having great coaches throughout this era, with special affection for Luis Aragones, who gave me my debut, and with whom we won the first Euros in a dream-like tournament.
"To all of them, thank you for counting on me, for your confidence and for changing the feeling of Spanish football: Luis, Vicente [Del Bosque], Julen [Lopetegui], Fernando [Hierro] and also Juan Santisteban, Inaki Saez, [Jose] Ufarte and Gines [Melendez].
"To all of you, the fans, thank you, thank you so much for your support and affection. Always with La Roja! Finally, I'd like to especially thank my family: thank you for your unconditional support and for always being at my side. We chased a dream and we realised it.
"A very special hug, Andres Iniesta."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A landmark Chester site has been cleared to make way for seven homes on the footprint of a former NHS facility for adolescents with mental health problems.
Planning consent was granted last August relating to Pine Lodge in Liverpool Road – so-called because of pine trees at the site, some of which have now been felled.
The NHS facility has relocated to a modern complex at the nearby Countess of Chester Health Park.
Archway Homes Ltd has consent for a scheme that includes the refurbishment and partial demolition of Pine Lodge itself to provide one detached dwelling. The rest of the site has been cleared to make room for six detached two-storey dwellings.
All properties will be sold on the open market although a financial contribution must be made to Cheshire West and Chester Council in lieu of on-site provision for 0.2 of an affordable dwelling.
One neighbouring resident contacted The Chronicle saddened at the loss of so many mature trees from the site including pines trees that fronted Liverpool Road.
An objector from Gawer Park, worried at the loss of privacy, was also concerned about the loss of mature trees, including those subject to tree preservation orders (TPOs), that would be detrimental to the local environment.
Some trees proposed to be felled provided screening between their house and the application site.
Planning officer Bethany Brown, who granted planning permission under delegated powers, wrote in her report: “The application submission included an arboricultural impact assessment which has been reviewed by the tree officer.
"The consultation response refers to the fact that the site is quite heavily treed and that the pine trees at the Liverpool Road frontage in particular have some appeal in visual amenity terms – and are subject to TPOs in some instances.
“That the development will necessitate the removal of a certain number of trees, including some of these pines, is acknowledged and accepted in principle. However, this is on the basis of a condition being imposed to request replacement tree planting as part of the development, including towards Liverpool Road.
“That the tree officer has concluded satisfactorily is significant when having regard to the concerns of the objector.”
She concluded: “There have been other residential applications at the site in recent years, in recognition that this is an appropriate and sustainable location for new dwellings. However, notwithstanding this support in principle, the previous applications have not concluded favourably as a consequence of them involving the loss of Pine Lodge.
“On the contrary, this application allows for its retention and conversion to a dwelling, and indeed its improvement when accounting for the removal of insensitive later extensions and alterations. Six new build dwellings are proposed adjacent to it.”
We hear membership starts at $5,000 a year.
Spotted through the evening were “Schrager disciples, descendants and friends,” including The Weeknd, Ashley Olsen, and Courtney Love.
It wasn't too long ago that Niantic introduced a new mechanic to Pokémon GO in the form of Raid Battles. It was via this raid mechanism that they later gave us Legendary Pokémon, but there were some noteworthy omissions. At least one of those has now been rectified, as the legendary Pokémon Mewtwo has been added to the game via a new invite-only Exclusive Raid Battle system.
If you haven't taken part in a Raid Battle yet — and you really should, they're fun — such battles are basically group boss fights, where you up to 19 others can team up to fight a single powerful 'mon. They temporarily replace the contents of a gym for a brief window, and you can receive alerts when a Raid Battle is set to begin nearby. Unfortunately, you only get one free Raid Battle a day, as they use a consumable item called a Raid Pass. (As you may expect, you can buy more.) In the fight, you'll either be up against a strong rare 'mon, or sometimes even a legendary. The expected difficulty for the fight is shown on the gym screen. Should you be successful, you can try to catch the Pokémon that was defending.
The new Exclusive Raid Battles should be similar, but unlike a regular Raid Battle, they are invite-only. To be invited you must have recently completed a successful raid at the gym where the Exclusive Raid Battle is set to take place. Should you meet the criteria, you'll receive a notification when one is scheduled. Players at the Pokémon GO Stadium event in Yokohama, Japan were given a shot to fight and catch one just earlier today.
Right now it sounds like Mewtwo is the only Pokémon you'll be able to grab at these Exclusive Raid Battles, but other rare 'mon may start to appear in the coming weeks. If you are out to catch one, be sure to participate in raids at your local gyms. Maybe you'll see an invite.
Mom drowned baby in bathtub to make him stop crying: cops WARNER ROBINS, Ga. — Police in Georgia say a 19-year-old mother drowned her baby in a bathtub when he wouldn't stop crying. Houston County sheriff's Sgt. Heath Collins tells WMAZ-TV...
New Yorkers will do anything for a decadent bath When Brooks Nader first moved to the city from Baton Rouge, La., five months ago, she searched for weeks to find an apartment in Soho with a suitable tub. A...
This steamy one-woman show takes place in your bathtub Rub-a-dub-dub, this artist wants to soak in your tub. Siobhan O'Loughlin, 29, is doing a steamy one-woman show in bathtubs across Brooklyn, Manhattan and Queens while wearing nothing but bubbles....
This man bathed in 600 pounds of gooey, delicious Nutella YouTube star Cemre Candar took a bath in 600 pounds of Nutella with very positive results. Apparently the delicious chocolate hazelnut spread is as good on your skin as it...
PARIS — More than 50 world leaders are gathering in Paris for a summit that President Emmanuel Macron hopes will give new momentum to the fight against global warming, despite U.S. President Donald Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord.
Some 3,100 security personnel are fanned out around Paris for Tuesday's event, including extra patrol boats along the Seine River. Macron will accompany the visiting leaders to the summit site on a river island by boat.
Sean Penn, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Elon Musk are among prominent figures joining the world leaders at the summit, which marks the second anniversary of the Paris accord.
Participants are expected to announce billions of dollars' worth of projects to help poor countries and industries reduce emissions.
Macron, who's also using the event to raise his international profile, did not invite Trump.
Image copyright Gina Martin Image caption Campaigner Gina Martin said she is "really positive" a change in the law could make upskirting easier to prosecute
A victim of so-called "upskirting" is "really positive" that a change in the law could be imminent.
Gina Martin started campaigning to make upskirting illegal after police said they would not be able to charge a man who took a photo of her in public.
Upskirting - secretly photographing underneath a skirt - is not a specific offence in England and Wales.
Justice Secretary David Gauke said he was reviewing the current law to "make sure it is for purpose".
In February Freedom of Information request by the Press Association found there had been 11 charges related to the practice since 2015.
It also revealed only 15 out of 44 police forces contacted held records.
Ms Martin became a victim of upskirting in July last year at a concert in Hyde Park, London.
A man took an intimate picture of her, but after she spoke to police at the event they said the picture was not graphic enough because she was wearing underwear.
She said: "It's a spectrum of assault and I think it's completely right that these people can go on to do worse things, but this in itself is terrible."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Gina Martin and Professor of Law Clare McGlynn discuss upskirt photography on Woman's Hour
Labour MP Gill Furness, who was among members to raise questions to the justice secretary in the Commons on Tuesday, said: "It's a very upsetting thing to happen - it's a huge infringement of your privacy.
"This happens to very young girls - there's evidence there was a 10-year-old that police have recorded.
"It's really close to my heart that we need to establish that this behaviour is completely wrong."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption "He was laughing": Three women tell the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire about their experience of upskirting
What are the limitations of the current law?
Voyeurism only applies to filming actions taking place in private
Outraging public decency usually requires someone to have witnessed the action but upskirting is often unobserved
It may be only discovered later because footage ends up on the internet
It also has to take place in public - some spaces like schools might not count as public
Unlike other sexual offences, people don't have automatic right to anonymity
Upskirting has been an offence in Scotland since 2010 when it was listed under the broadened definition of voyeurism
From BBC Reality Check
Mr Gauke said that people had been successfully prosecuted for upskirting by police using current laws against outraging public decency, or voyeurism.
But he added he "shared the outrage" of people who were victims of "this intrusive behaviour" and "my officials are reviewing the current law to make sure it is fit for purpose".
Ms Martin, whose petition for a change in the law has nearly reached 100,000 signatures, said she had a positive meeting at the Ministry of Justice last week.
"I knew the law had a massive grey area and it needed to change, that was immediately obvious," the freelance writer said.
"The reaction has been amazingly positive from the government, and the team of MPs that we've been talking to are really excited about [a change in the law]."
Bird watcher stumbles upon man's dead body A bird-watcher found something he wasn't looking for when he stumbled upon a dead body in Queens on Sunday afternoon, cops said. The 52-year-old man was in the woods of...
4 colorful birds to spot in Central Park this season Bird enthusiasts are chirping up a storm after a recent sighting of a rare Swainson's warbler in Central Park. See more fab feathered friends at a Bronx Zoo bird walk...
Nemesis of NYC's prettiest bird put behind bars The beautiful, rare bird that has been thrilling spectators at Prospect Park for nearly two weeks has avoided the clutches of a dangerous adversary — a cat on the prowl....
People are losing their s--t over this bird Birders are flocking to Prospect Park to catch a glimpse of a rare bird that touched down in Brooklyn over the weekend. At least 100 avian enthusiasts a day are...
Get sprung! It may be cold, but springtime fun is here Time to pack up your winter coats and stash away your boots — in your dreams, anyway! But spring has officially begun and there are some activities around that will...
Meet the bird brains batty enough to go bird-watching in winter If you thought NYC's flying fauna was limited strictly to pigeons, it's time to get your head in the clouds. The Big Apple is secretly a hotbed of bird activity,...
'Beauty and the Beast' reboot is way better than that inferior cartoon A well-done movie musical is a great equalizer: It can make audiences feel like they're in the front row at a Broadway show without the sticker shock. Bill Condon's lavish...
Josh Gad addresses gay ‘Beauty and the Beast' character “As subtle as it is, I do think it's going to be effective and I do think it's important," Josh Gad said of his character LeFou.
Bill Condon helps revive cult musical 'Side Show' on Broadway NO matter how passionately someone sings “I will never leave you/I will never go away,” that promise may or may not be kept. But when Violet and Daisy Hilton belt...
Image copyright Getty Images
Proposals for mandatory disclosure checks for all sports coaches working with children and other vulnerable groups will be published later.
It follows criticism of the system when allegations of child abuse in football emerged.
Disclosure Scotland will publish a consultation to review the Protecting Vulnerable Groups or PVG scheme.
Proposals include simplifying the disclosure system and making membership mandatory for those in sensitive roles.
At the height of the child abuse in football scandal, Holyrood's health and sport committee said the current system of checks was not working properly.
It warned the PVG system - which covers those working with children and the vulnerable - "may not be preventing unsuitable people from doing regulated work".
The committee also raised concerns about a backlog of PVG checks waiting to be carried out on coaches and officials working with young players in football, and argued there was a "compelling" case for the scheme to be made mandatory for all sports organisations in Scotland.
BBC Scotland revealed that 2,500 youth football coaches did not have full background checks.
'Forward-thinking regime'
As well as making the PVG scheme mandatory, the review also includes plans to make membership time-limited.
Alongside simplifying the disclosure scheme, the changes also aim to make the system "respond better to young people's circumstances" and use digital technology to better and more efficiently meet customer needs.
Children's Minister Maree Todd said: "We have a duty to make Scotland a fair and safe society, supporting people into work, protecting children and those in receipt of medical or care services.
"Establishing the PVG scheme in 2011, the Scottish Parliament created a forward-thinking disclosure regime to balance safeguarding individual rights to respect for their private life.
"These new proposals will allow Disclosure Scotland to improve its services to customers, simplifying and modernising our disclosure system so that it is fit for a digital future, whilst continuing to ensure people receive the best possible protection."
She added: "I encourage all organisations and individuals who are involved with disclosure to give us their feedback."
The consultation on the review will run for 12 weeks.
Image caption Lead claimant Marcia Brown Martel
Canada has reached a major settlement with indigenous victims of the so-called Sixties Scoop.
The federal government has announced a payout of C$800m ($635m; £488m) to some 20,000 victims.
Starting in the 1960s, child welfare agencies removed thousands of indigenous children from their homes and placed them with non-indigenous families.
Canada has been involved in years of litigation over the practice.
Crown-Indigenous Relations Minister Carolyn Bennett said on Friday the agreement reached in principle will see $750m spent on direct compensation and another $50m spent to fund an Indigenous Healing Foundation with a counselling, healing and education mandate.
A further $75m will go to legal fees related to the national settlement.
A tearful Ms Bennett called the agreement an essential step "to begin to right the wrong of this dark and painful chapter".
The full details of the settlement must still negotiate and it has to be approved by the court.
In February, an Ontario court sided with indigenous plaintiffs in a "Sixties Scoop" class-action lawsuit against the Canadian government.
The plaintiffs had argued that they suffered emotional, psychological, and spiritual harm from the broken connection to their heritage.
A compensation hearing was set to take place on 11 October but lead claimant Marcia Brown Martel chose to adjourn the court date to pursue pan-Canadian agreement discussions with the government.
"It was important to me that we got recognition and justice, not just for some, but for as many people as possible," she said.
Similar lawsuits have been filed in British Columbia, Manitoba, Alberta, and Saskatchewan.
The agreement is the first step in resolving the remaining Sixties Scoop litigation.
Over the course of about two decades, thousands of indigenous children were sent to mostly non-indigenous homes in Canada, the US, New Zealand, and Australia - often without the consent of their families.
In Ontario, an estimated 16,000 indigenous children were taken from their families and communities and put up for fostering or for adoption.
Many of the children had no contact with their families and communities after their removal.
By the 1980s, Canadian provinces began changing their adoption policies after indigenous leaders and others condemned the practice as a form of "cultural genocide".
Readers: I think you'll get a kick out of this letter from a prison guard on the serious scam I've been writing about regarding prisoners and their medications.
This is also about squirrels with a drug problem.
Mr. Crudele: I retired after 27 years in New York State Corrections, of which 22 were as a Sergeant. So many of the state facilities actually have social workers and caseworkers whose full time job is to get inmates approved (for disability payments)!
We laugh and call the front of the Medical Building “Skittles Land,” since, in the snow, the thousands and thousands of mental health drugs that are either spit out, are coloring the ground. Or the inmate sells them to other inmates to get high.
My last facility was Midstate Correctional, and I'm here to tell you we had problems for years with squirrels and skunks eating the damn medications. We'd have tailless squirrels from running through the razor wire to get the meds and we have literally had an officer attacked on the walkway by a seemingly stoned squirrel.
The scam gets better. For example, we get a 65-year-old Spanish male who is non-English speaking and let's say he has no formal education.
When they go through reception (after being admitted), they are given a battery of tests to determine jhis education level.
If they have less than a 6th grade reading level, inmates are forced to attend classes. Why? The Feds reimburse the state for the “student's” lunch.
Kelly from Chicago!
Where do you work? Veterinary Hospital
Are you married or single? Engaged with no kids
Hobbies? Cuddling with my pets, helping animals and sleeping
Favorite band? Nine-Inch Nails, Deftones, Marilyn Manson, Stabbing Westward
Friday, Oct. 6th – Lincoln County
Summary: Mostly sunny and warm yesterday; clear and cool overnight.
Past 24 Hours High/Low/Gust/Rain…
Lincoln City: 63F/51F/6mph/0.00”
Depoe Bay: 64F/43F/17mph/0.00”
Newport: 68F/43F/15mph/0.00”
Waldport: 62F/48F/12mph/0.00”
Yachats: 61F/47F/22mph/0.00”
Newport Airport Conditions…
Ceiling: unlimited
Visibility: 10 miles/Wind: calm/Altimeter: 30.18”
Forecast: There's a bump ahead in the Indian Summer road. Following more sunshine today and a high in the low-60s, expect increasing clouds by this evening, then a good chance of some light rain developing tonight, low around 50F. Showers linger tomorrow as the mercury struggles to reach 60F. Outlook is for showers likely again Saturday night, tapering off into Sunday, mostly clear Monday through Wednesday, warmer with a high of 65F, and a chance of showers returning by Thursday, the thermometer dropping to seasonal late in the week, high 60F, low 45-50F.
NOTE: As we head into the stormy season, use Weather or Not's Twitter feed to get updated regional travel info and immediate notification of any new advisories, watches or warnings affecting the Central Coast. Follow @chrisburnswx.
Travel: In the Coast Range this morning, highways are dry, temp 35F. Willamette Valley roads are dry, thermometer readings 40-45F. The Columbia River Gorge has dry pavement, temperatures 40-50F. For the Cascades, highways are dry, 35-40F, the free air freezing level is at 12,000 feet.
* Outlook for weekend travelers is mixed wet/dry roads at all elevations including the Coast Range and Cascades with the snow level remaining above the passes at 6,000 feet.
* An interactive map of the latest Northwest/Central Oregon travel weather is available here. Also, motorists should always visit ODOT's TripCheck before hitting the road.
Marine: Winds are variable 5-10 knots this morning with seas 6 feet at 14 seconds. High pressure over Central Coast waters will retreat southward as a front approaches from the NW. The front enters the northern zones this evening and across the remaining zones by early Saturday morning. Winds generally below small craft advisory criteria ahead of the front, but the northern waters west of 20 miles from shore will probably see W gusts to 25 knots behind the front tonight. NW winds Saturday afternoon and Sunday may reach Small Craft Advisory strength across all local waters. Thermal low pressure strengthens near the coast early next week for a return of offshore winds. Forecast models are in agreement for the first half of next week with high pressure over the NE Pacific maintaining N to NW winds. Seas 5-7 feet through Saturday then build to 10-15 feet Saturday night and Sunday, decreasing early next week. Periods of 16 seconds shorten closer to 13 seconds by Friday afternoon. * Full text of the latest marine forecast is available here. And, make sure you check the latest Bar Reports before venturing offshore.
On the Beach… Increasing clouds, surf 4-5 feet (low) but sneaker waves in the mix.
* Stay off of jetties and offshore rocks, and be extremely watchful on rocky shores or sandy beaches this weekend. These areas may be periodically inundated by surf, especially during the afternoon high tides. Be aware of sneaker waves that will be significantly higher than those that precede or follow them. Never turn your back on the ocean.
* Tides
10/06 Fri 6:59 AM 0.85 L
10/06 Fri 1:12 PM 8.91 H
10/06 Fri 7:32 PM -0.12 L
10/07 Sat 1:51 AM 8.13 H
In Short: Increasing clouds, a chance of rain/showers, then clearing and warmer.
Mercury in your sign warns that you have taken a wrong turning and need to retrace your footsteps so you can get back on the right road again. Go back in your mind to where you were a few weeks ago – that's where you should be now.
The World Darts Championship final was absolutely wild on Monday. Gary Anderson hit his 65th 180 to set a new record for 180s in a tournament, but was topped by Michael van Gerwen, whose cold-blooded finish helped put him over the top.
During the final stages though, some idiot ran on stage and grabbed the trophy, raising it up for all to see. He was booed.
Van Gerwen eventually hoisted the trophy, though it had some fingerprints on it already.
– Kenny Ducey
This article originally appeared on
Need to Know: April 24, 2018
Fresh useful insights for people advancing quality, innovative and sustainable journalism
OFF THE TOP
You might have heard: Facebook's standards and processes for removing posts have not been previously available to the public, and the company's content moderators have been criticized by activist groups for some of their choices: In 2016, Facebook's moderators removed a photo of a child fleeing a napalm attack during the Vietnam War, saying the child's nudity violated its policies (New York Times)
But did you know: Facebook released the internal guidelines it uses to decide what content to ban, adding a layer of transparency to a process that's been shrouded in mystery (Washington Post)
On Monday, Facebook published its “Community Standards,” its 27-page internal guide for its human censors. Those guidelines determine what content is banned, covering topics from hate speech to misrepresentation to disinformation. “The move adds a new degree of transparency to a process that users, the public, and advocates have criticized as arbitrary and opaque,” Elizabeth Dwoskin and Tracy Jan write. In particular, activists and other Facebook users have called for an appeal process when posts are taken down, especially given that users are not provided a reason why a post was removed. Facebook's head of global policy management Monika Bickert said that she hoped that publishing the guidelines would start a conversation: “We are trying to strike the line between safety and giving people the ability to really express themselves.”
+ Earlier: Facebook said in 2017 that it was hiring 3,000 content moderators to “review the millions of reports we get every week” after a live video showed a murder and live confession in Cleveland (Recode)
The smart way to start your day Each morning we scour the web for fresh useful insights in our Need to Know newsletter. Sign up below. Sign Up
+ Noted: The Chicago Sun-Times is launching a paywall, which it says is “key to our long-term strategy to become profitable again”: A digital subscription will cost $7.49 per month (Chicago Sun-Times); Former Vice Media employee Saher Shakir is suing the company after she says the company blamed her for being assaulted while on assignment (NBC News); Boston Globe columnist Kevin Cullen is placed on leave while the company investigates his stories on the anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombing: WEEI radio host Kirk Minihane scrutinized Cullen's column and found “several inconsistencies” (Deadspin)
API UPDATE
How the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel focused on prioritizing with a ‘Stop Doing' list
Here's an idea to steal and adapt: The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel created — and continually updates — a list of newsroom activities that don't contribute to its audience-centric strategy in an effort to find time and resources to devote to more meaningful tasks.
TRY THIS AT HOME
Why the tone of ‘voice-of-God' editorials doesn't work online (Poynter)
Newsday is trying to move from un-bylined “voice-of-God” editorials to editorials that start conversations with their community, discussing what they should cover, how they work and what the newsroom is working on. Amanda Fiscina, research and digital production manager for Newsday's opinion team, explains that part of this shift is because “voice-of-God” editorials don't translate well to online: Readers don't have a sense of the reporting that went into them, and they tend to tell people what to think, rather than starting a conversation.
OFFSHORE
11 inspiring data journalism projects from around the world (Data Journalism Awards)
GEN has announced the 11 projects on the shortlist for the “public choice” category in its Data Journalism Awards. The projects come from nine countries, and the winner will receive $1,801 USD in prize money. Voting is open on the projects until May 15, and winners will be announced at the Data Journalism Awards 2018 Ceremony and Gala Dinner in Lisbon during the GEN Summit.
OFFBEAT
Google has far more personal data than Facebook does. Why aren't we talking about it? (Wall Street Journal)
“As justifiable as the focus on Facebook has been … it isn't the full picture,” Christopher Mims writes. “If the concern is that companies might be collecting some personal data without our knowledge or explicit consent, Alphabet Inc.'s Google is a far bigger threat by many measures: the volume of information it gathers, the reach of its tracking and the time people spend on its sites and apps.” With data from Google accounts, Google Analytics, its ad marketplace and more, Mims writes that Google is part of a larger, systemic problem that's largely been linked to Facebook so far.
UP FOR DEBATE
Why are people afraid to talk to reporters? Many people see journalists as powerful people who are part of powerful institutions (Zocalo Public Square)
“Understanding how non-journalists see the news media is an essential step in rebuilding public trust,” Ruth Palmer writes. One thing Palmer has learned from talking to people who became the focus of news stories is that most people see journalists as powerful people: They have a much larger audience than the average person does through social media, and they control how stories are presented to the public. “The idea that many citizens feel like David to the news media's Goliath may be hard for journalists to stomach or believe. It is the exact opposite of how journalists normally think of themselves,” Palmer writes. “If news institutions want to regain long-waning public trust, they need to address the widespread perception that the news media is more interested in serving itself than the public. They would do well to highlight not just their accuracy, but their care, empathy, and ability to listen to the little guy.”
+ Why diverse online communities don't trust journalists: “The stories you are talking about are people's lives. When we talk about stories mainstream media doesn't cover, we're talking about, ‘Can our people have water to drink?' ‘My cousin got shot.' ‘My cousin got deported,'” Sydette Harry says. “So, when you come into these communities and you use them as stories, as objects, you are literally dehumanizing them and this has been the history of journalism.” (Knight Foundation)
SHAREABLE
Economic Hardship Reporting Project is starting a fund for journalists laid off by the Denver Post (CJR)
The Economic Hardship Reporting Project, a project housed at the Institute for Policy Studies in D.C., is creating a fund to help journalists laid off by the Denver Post continue their work. The organization is setting up a $10,000 fund, which will provide support for up to eight former Denver Post journalists to produce feature-length stories on economic hardship and income inequality. The project's executive editor Alissa Quart says that the creation of the fund is somewhat of a public statement against Alden Global Capital: “We've been sort of focused like a laser [on] supporting staff that are being laid off when there's a bad actor involved like Alden Global Capital,” she told CJR.
SpeedKingz/Shutterstock
In the event of a stroke, taking action as quickly as possible could be the key to preventing lasting damage. Doctors claim that a matter of hours often makes a difference in whether or not a patient receives life-saving care (it's one of several medical facts doctors believe everyone should know). Since strokes are so time-sensitive, it's important to act immediately. But how will you know when a 911 call is in order?
The American Stroke Association has developed a convenient, easy-to-remember acronym that represents the three major stroke symptoms. The acronym is FAST, a memorable word that stresses the importance of urgency and rapid action. If you or anyone you know is at risk of a stroke, these simple four letters, F.A.S.T, should be committed to memory. The first three letters describe major stroke symptoms, while the fourth tells you what to do next if someone exhibits any of those symptoms. (Of course, these signs, though the most telling, aren't the only symptoms of a stroke. There are many others that are easy to dismiss—but dismissing them could be deadly.)
F is for Face drooping. If one side of the person's face looks like it's sagging, or feels numb, this is a common sign of a stroke. Ask the person to smile. If the smile looks lopsided, this is a common indicator that something is wrong.
A is for Arm weakness. In the event of a stroke, one arm will likely feel numb or weak. If the person can't raise both of his or her arms, or if one arm doesn't stay up and floats back downward, that's a major warning sign.
S is for Speech difficulty. Slurred speech is one of the most common signs of a stroke. Ask the person to repeat back a simple sentence. If they have trouble speaking, or are hard to understand, take action.
T is for Time to call 911. If the person shows any one of these symptoms, even if the symptoms go away shortly after, dial 911. Try to remember the approximate time that the symptoms began, since the emergency personnel will most likely ask.
FAST actually isn't the only mnemonic that can warn of a stroke. There's a very similar, even simpler mnemonic: S.T.R., the first three letters of “stroke.” The three letters represent basic actions that you should ask a suspected stroke victim to perform: S for smile, T for talk, and R for raise both arms. If they have difficulty doing any of those things, reach for the phone. Here are some more mnemonic devices that could save you in a life-threatening situation.
If you think you could be at risk of stroke, take a look at our list of simple habits that reduce your risk.
[Sources: American Stroke Association, Berkeley Wellness]
Houston Astros starting pitcher Dallas Keuchel (60) hands the ball to manager AJ Hinch as he leaves during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in New York. Frank Franklin II AP Photo
It's not easy being the man in the middle.
Joe Manchin will be the first one to tell anyone that.
The US senator and West Virginia Democrat is so frustrated with the toxicity of Washington, he told his colleagues “this place sucks” just before filing for re-election in this year's midterms two weeks ago.
He hasn't changed his mind.
“I am trying to hang in there, but it is getting tougher every day,” he told me. “You know why I say it sucks? Because it doesn't have to suck. It doesn't have to be an unfriendly, hostile work environment. The reason I say hostile is the way things are set up on both the Republican and Democrat side, you are supposed to come to work every day and work against the person on the other end,” he added, referring to his GOP colleagues, many of whom he is close to.
Manchin is a self-proclaimed moderate, a rarity on both sides of the aisle. Evidence of our politically polarized times are everywhere — especially at Tuesday's State of the Union address, where Republicans spent the majority of their time standing and clapping while Democrats looked sullen and unhappy.
Meanwhile, there was Joe Manchin, standing like a sentinel of reason among a sea of stone. His Democratic colleagues refused to show any sign of approval during President Trump's speech, even for things they had previously supported.
Several times Manchin stood alone applauding the president's remarks on infrastructure, rebuilding Detroit, opioids, paid family leave, amnesty for Dreamers, the American flag and low black unemployment.
Twice the camera caught him about to rise to applause only to be given the stink eye by Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, and he awkwardly stayed in his seat, forcing Manchin to appear to choose party over his state.
It was only an appearance.
“Oh, you missed the look I gave back to him, I was like, ‘Come on,'” he said.
Within moments after the speech was over, Manchin walked over to the president, a relationship that runs hot and cold, and let him know exactly what he thought of his words. While they chatted, his Democratic colleagues bolted from the building.
“You know how bad that looks when you just leave?” Manchin said. “I went over and shook his hand and thanked him. Why? Because he talked about things that the people in my state need, like clean coal and research and development and the opioid crisis. And infrastructure. We need infrastructure. We need that kind of investment in our state if we want to attract outside businesses,” he said. “Potholes aren't Democrat or Republican. We have to fix this stuff. Both parties are responsible for that, not just one.”
Manchin continued: “Applauding the president when he says things that made sense not just for my state, but for the country, is basic common courtesy.
‘What happened Tuesday night was disrespectful' - Sen. Joe Manchin
“I was raised in West Virginia. We have respect. We have civility there, and we should have civility when the president of the United States is speaking. I said the same thing for President Barack Obama,” he said of the former president who was not very popular in his state.
“What happened Tuesday night was disrespectful,” he added.
Our two parties are so divided there's very little room for moderate elected officials. According to a Pew Research Survey, the polarization of American politics started in 1970 and has widened ever since, with record levels now being reported in the Trump era. This division has seeped into our personal lives on social media and in real life.
Today, to score a nomination, candidates need to bring a lot of heat to win over the true believers at the extreme end of either party.
As a result, some elected officials no longer reflect the values of their constituents and state, but the radical, strident platform of their national party. We are left with few members in either party who are willing to compromise for the greater good. Manchin, in fact, is taking hits from both sides: In the same week he was chided for applauding the president, Vice President Mike Pence tweeted a flood of criticism at him for not voting to defund Planned Parenthood or to fund the wall, among other stances.
But the senator keeps on ticking. “Look, it's tough, but I remind myself it's worth it. Yes, sometimes it really gets to me, but I can't let it beat me down,” he said as he headed into another meeting on Capitol Hill.
“I just keep reminding myself this is a small price to pay for this wonderful life I have had and the ability to represent my beloved state. I keep repeating that over and over again. When things get unbearable, it's a small price to pay.”
By DAVE SKRETTAAP Sports Writer
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) - Josh Jackson declared for the NBA draft on Monday after one of the best freshman seasons in Kansas history, one marked by plenty of highlights on the floor and a few distractions off it.
The 6-foot-8 swingman, who is considered a certain lottery pick, was the Big 12 newcomer of the year after averaging 16.3 points and 7.4 rebounds. He helped the Jayhawks to a 31-5 record and a 13th straight regular-season Big 12 title before a loss to Oregon in the Elite Eight of the NCAA Tournament.
Jackson signed with former NBA player B.J. Armstrong of Wasserman Media Group.
"After thoroughly consulting with my family, I have decided to enter the 2017 NBA draft and pursue my dream of playing professional basketball," Jackson said. "I am very thankful for all of the support I have received from my coaches and teammates at Kansas and I look forward to starting my career in the NBA."
Jackson was the nation's No. 1 recruit when he signed with the Jayhawks out of Prolific Prep Academy in California. He immediately earned a spot in the starting lineup, teaming with national player of the year Frank Mason III and Devonte Graham to form one of the nation's top backcourts.
"This obviously does not come as a surprise," Kansas coach Bill Self said. "When we recruited Josh we were so fortunate but also knew this would probably be a one-year stay. He has not only surpassed our expectations as a player but also as a leader and a teammate."
With natural athleticism and ability to slash to the basket - not to mention defensive chops rare among freshmen - Jackson quickly established himself as one of the nation's top draft prospects.
His importance was never more evident than in the Big 12 Tournament, when he was suspended by Self following a series of off-the-court issues. The top-seeded Jayhawks stumbled in a quarterfinal loss to TCU, ending their run at the conference tournament before it really began.
He returned for the NCAA Tournament and played well in wins over UC Davis, Michigan State and Purdue, but was hamstrung by foul trouble and managed 10 points in the season-ending loss to the Ducks.
Jackson's suspension came following an incident outside a Lawrence bar in December, when a member of the Kansas women's basketball team got into an altercation with Jackson's teammate, Lagerald Vick. Jackson followed the woman to the parking lot and the woman said he kicked her car and caused hundreds of dollars in damage. He pleaded not guilty last week in Douglas County District Court to one misdemeanor count of criminal damage to property and a trial was scheduled for May 24.
His attorney, Hatem Chahine, said he was planning to file for diversion.
Jackson also was ticketed in February after he struck a parked car and fled the scene, and that drew Self's ire when he didn't tell his coach about the incident until several weeks later.
His decision to declare for the draft came a week after teammate Svi Mykhailiuk announced he would skip his senior season. But unlike Jackson, the 6-8 sharpshooter from Ukraine has not hired an agent and could withdraw his name by May 24 and return to the Jayhawks.
"We are all very happy for Josh and his family and are very proud of having coached one of the most talented kids that has ever come through here," Self said. "We've had a lot really good ones here but Josh is as prepared for the next level as anyone that we have ever had."
___
More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CHICAGO — A nursing mother is suing for discrimination after being told she should use the men's restroom to express breast milk when she reported for jury duty at a Chicago court.
Attorney Judith Miller says a clerk told her Oct. 2 that there was no a lactation room in Chicago's Daley Center. Miller had given birth 11 weeks earlier. She says the clerk said the power outlet in the women's restroom was broken, but that she could use the men's to pump instead.
Miller left the courthouse and didn't serve.
Miller and the American Civil Liberties Union have filed a lawsuit alleging discrimination by Chicago and Cook County under the Illinois Human Rights Act.
Cook County officials say the clerk was misinformed and that all city and county courts have private spaces available for nursing mothers.
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu met on Tuesday night in Washington with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
During the meeting, which lasted about two hours, the two discussed all the regional issues, including Iran.
Netanyahu invited Tillerson to visit Israel, in order to establish direct contacts between the Secretary of State and his team and the Office of the Prime Minister.
Image copyright Getty Images
Tensions are running high in Spain in anticipation of a possible declaration of independence by the Catalan government. On 1 October, 43% of Catalans voted in a referendum, which the Spanish government declared illegal then tried to suppress by force.
The final results from the outlawed poll show 90% of the 2.3m people who voted backed independence.
There has been a big focus on relations between the government of Mariano Rajoy and the Catalan regional government. But what about relations within Catalonia itself, between people who are pro- and anti-independence?
Support for independence among Catalans isn't unanimous: some just wanted greater autonomy, while others are fearful of the economic and political impact of a split from Spain. These are the thoughts of two prominent Catalans, with different perspectives on the crisis.
Eduardo Mendoza is one of Spain's most celebrated literary figures, a Catalan who doesn't support independence. He was awarded the prestigious Cervantes Prize for literature and wrote An Englishman in Madrid, among other novels. He grew up under Gen Franco, and says that the younger generation are wrong to draw parallels with the Francoist era.
Image copyright Eduardo Mendoza
"I think it is false to compare the current Spanish government with Franco. We live in a democracy: it's very imperfect. I don't like our government - I think most of our politicians should go to prison and many more burn in hell.
"But we live in a democracy, we cannot deny that. You can say anything you want, you can go wherever you want. To compare the Spanish government with Franco is to not have a memory or to be too young.
"People are falling out. It's very difficult to go back on this. It's lost forever, I think. Years ago I had friends who were pro-independence and others who were not. We never discussed the question of Catalan independence because we knew the arguments one way or another.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Protesters wave Spanish flags at a demonstration defending unity on Wednesday
"Now the divide is absolute. People don't talk to each other, even families are divided. Brothers and sisters and fathers and sons don't talk any more or they fight all the time. This is very sad because I don't think it will heal for quite a long time.
"Do we have an identity? I don't know. I think today everybody's identity is his or her iPhone. There is no national identity as such.
More on the Catalan crisis
"I think it's been a snowball effect. There was this dissatisfaction and with the economic crisis this increased. The Catalan government has previously used this dissatisfaction to blame Madrid and get away with anything.
"So the Spanish government didn't pay any attention - they didn't try to talk, they didn't look for peaceful solutions. So this 15% [support for independence] increased to 25, then 45 because the Spanish government has been deaf and dumb."
Monica Terribas presents the morning news programme on Radio Catalonia, the region's public radio station. She is pro-independence. She says there has been a new energy around the independence movement over the past seven years, partly because of the response of the Spanish state to its demands.
Image copyright Monica Terribas
"Here in Catalonia there is a strong republican feeling because of the region's history. There is a feeling that we should organise society in a less hierarchical way and there are a lot of left-wing parties that are strong in Catalonia, much stronger than in the rest of Spain. I think there's a feeling that social rights and human rights and attention to the poor, attention to social movements will be represented in the building of this new society.
"The problem is that Madrid sees Spain as united and there is no way of discussing this. If there is a referendum, even if it's agreed with the state, you are seen as questioning Spanish sovereignty.
"Our society now is under pressure because there has been a violent reaction against polling stations on 1 October. This is the important thing: when you use violence, people are afraid, people don't think properly.
Image copyright Getty Images
"The state should think carefully about using violence to solve political problems and the international community should be very strong when it sees a democratic state in the European Union doing these things. We aren't seeing an international reaction against that.
"And this can affect families - of course we are all talking about it. It is our future, our lives.
"I'm convinced now that if Spain agreed to hold a formal referendum of self-determination with Catalonia and they ran a campaign saying how wonderful it is to be part of Spain, a significant portion of people now voting in favour of independence would change their minds."
What's clear from these two views is that Spain is in the midst of a major constitutional crisis that could divide both the wider country and Catalonia itself.
Though Spain's Prime Minister Rajoy has called the vote a "mockery" and has defended the police crackdown, both Monica Terribas and Eduardo Mendoza believe that the politicians in Madrid have handled the crisis badly.
But that's where their agreement ends. Monica sees a bright, bold future for an independent Catalan state, whereas Eduardo sees a rupture that will be difficult to heal.
The Briefing Room was on BBC Radio 4 on Thursday, 5 October. You can listen online or download the programme podcast.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) – Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke has asked a judge to block a subpoena in a federal lawsuit filed by 11 people injured during a violent clash between white nationalists and counterprotesters in Charlottesville last year.
The plaintiffs are seeking to compel Duke to turn over records related to communications he and other white nationalists had before the rally, along with records of efforts to solicit donations.
In court documents, Duke says the subpoena is overly broad and would impose “an undue burden and a significant expense” on him.
A woman was killed when a car drove into a crowd protesting the white nationalists.
Duke initially filed his request in Virginia, where the lawsuit is filed. A judge ruled it should have been filed in Louisiana, where Duke lives.
After a one-year absence, AJ Allmendinger will return to the Rolex 24 at Daytona next month.
Allmendinger, who drives for JTG Daugherty Racing in the NASCAR Cup Series, will once again drive for Michael Shank Racing in the endurance race at Daytona International Speedway, which will be held Jan. 27 – 28.
A winner in the 2012 Rolex 24 at Daytona, Allmendinger will split time in the No. 93 Acura NSX GT3 in the GTD class with Justin Marks, Lawson Aschenbach and Mario Farnbacher.
Allmendinger drove for Michael Shank Racing in the endurance race from 2014-16. His best result during that stretch was fifth in the Prototype class in 2015.
“I am pumped to be back racing for Shank in the (Rolex) 24. I missed the race last year and I hated to, so I'm really glad to be back,” Allmendinger said in a press release. “His whole team did an awesome job with the Acura last year and it is awesome to be back with him for the Rolex. After racing for the overall win so many years in Prototypes, it will be a completely different experience to be racing in the GTD class, but I'm looking forward to it. Mike (Shank) always puts an awesome team together and this year is no different so I am counting down to get my first shot in this car.”
Allmendinger is coming off his fourth full year of driving the No. 47 Chevrolet for JTG Daugherty Racing. He finished the season 27th in the standings, his worst during his tenure with the team. He earned one top five and five top 10s.
Follow @DanielMcFadin
THE department of justice has received the “draft terms of reference” into an independent probe of the handling of a case of alleged abuse and neglect in Limerick involving up to 16 children.
Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan has said his department “recently received the draft terms of reference in question and they are currently receiving attention.
In reply to a Parliamentary Question submitted by Deputy Niall Collins, Minister Flangan said: “This matter, as the Deputy will appreciate, is a complex and sensitive one and it is essential that careful consideration is given to the terms of reference.
“I can assure the Deputy that my views, and the views of my Department, will be communicated to the Minister for Children and Youth Affairs in the very near future,” he added.
Details of a proposed ‘serious incident' review were announced in March by Minister for Children and Youth Affairs Katherine Zappone with the agreement of Minister Flanagan.
The review relates to a complex case which allegedly involves the abuse and sexual exploitation of a number of young children within a small number of families.
Eleven adults were arrested by gardai from the Limerick garda division in March as part of an ongoing criminal investigation.
A number of children have also been placed in State care.
Further details of the case and related investigation cannot be reported as a court order remains in place.
Last week, in reply to the Parliamentary Question submitted by Deputy Collins, Minister Zappone confirmed the review was not yet underway at that point as the terms of reference had not been finalised.
“The Special Rapporteur on Child Protection, and member of the Review Panel, Dr Geoffrey Shannon, is assisting with drafting the terms of reference for the review. These Terms of Reference have been submitted to the Attorney General's Office in draft format, and are currently being considered by the Department of Justice and Equality, before they are finalised,” she stated, adding that no timeframe for the review has been set down.
Deputy Collins told the Limerick Leader last week that he was concerned at the delay given the seriousness of the allegations, some of which date back two years.
“It's very disappointing that they are still deliberating on the terms of reference.
“It's an issue of significant public interest and public concern and the government really needs to realise that there is a sense of urgency and move on with it,” he said.
“It's not acceptable that we are having this undue delay and there needs to be progress as soon as possible,” he added.
As remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto spread into the Great Lakes region, people are keeping a weary watch on dams and hillsides as rains from the storms have triggered floods and mudslides in the Appalachians of the Southeast.
So far, four dams being closely watched by a state team of special engineers were holding up, North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper said Wednesday.
But Cooper went ahead and declared a state of emergency for his hard-hit mountain counties, saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches (50 centimetres) of rain in the past 15 days.
“This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts,” Cooper said.
Alberto, while still spinning like a classic tropical storm, has managed to make its way since a Memorial Day landfall in the Florida Panhandle to just outside of Chicago. Forecasters said it would still bring rain and gusty winds to the Great Lakes this week.
Alberto's heavy rains have been widespread. Scattered flooding was reported in several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
In Hopkinsville, Kentucky, high winds and heavy rains gave Sherry Key a fitful night's sleep.
“I have dogs and they're terribly afraid of storms, so they were on top me all night,” said Key, an airport office manager.
The worst of the flooding was in the Appalachian Mountains. Up to 7 inches (18 centimetres) of rain caused flooding in Helen, a mountain town in Georgia, the National Weather Service said.
Atlanta station WAGA-TV reported that several roads near the downtown area of that German-styled tourist destination were shut down because of the rising water. No injuries or structural damage have been reported.
Two deaths had been reported during the storm's passage. A television news anchor and a photojournalist were killed Monday in North Carolina while covering the weather, when a tree became uprooted from rain-soaked ground and toppled onto their SUV, authorities said. WYFF-TV of Greenville, South Carolina, said news anchor Mike McCormick and photojournalist Aaron Smeltzer died.
In the mountains of North Carolina, two Department of Transportation workers survived a close call when their dump truck was swept away by a mudslide in McDowell County while trying to clean debris from an earlier slide. The men were able to climb from the overturned truck and stand on its side in the Catawba River until they were rescued, Gov. Cooper said.
Authorities in Cuba say Alberto left four people dead there as the storm drenched the island in heavy rain. Interior Minister Julio Cesar Gandarilla said late Tuesday they died as a result of “recklessness” during the storm. He gave no details. The deaths occurred as authorities worked to contain an oil spill in central Cuba's Cienfuegos Bay that followed the flooding of nearby oil refinery.
——
Collins reported from Columbia, South Carolina. Associated Press Reporter Jack Jones, also in Columbia, contributed to this story.
Joey “Jaws” Chestnut was no match for his competitors ​– and his own record — ​as he choked down 74 hot dogs Wednesday to set a new ​high-mustard mark at ​the ​Nathan's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest.
Chestnut's 11th Mustard ​Yellow ​Belt, however, was marked with controversy​ when the official tally had him at 64 dogs and buns despite his insisting afterwards that he had downed 74. A judge's recount found ​that ​he​ had indeed ​ gobbled down more wieners than initially thought.
The television counter clocked 64 dogs and buns — while the recount found he had actually eaten 74. Judges ​apparently ​didn't see that Chestnut was eating off two plates.
The 34-year-old competitive eater ran away with the lead early in the 10-minute contest, gobbling 20 franks and buns with less than three minutes in.
Carmen Cincotti, 25, was second after devouring 64 hot dogs. Darron Breeden, 29, came in third with 43.
“I'm swea​t​ing like a dog, so it's not pretty, but I'm happy,” Chestnut told reporters. Asked what's next, he quipped, “A nap.”
Last year, Chestnut set the all-time record when he downed 72 wieners.
The 215-pound Chestnut earned his third consecutive Mustard Belt Wednesday, besting 20 other competitors.
The recount was conducted by host George Shea and Brooklyn DA Eric Gonzalez, who certified the results.
Liv Morgan is now in the faction Riott Squad with Sarah Logan and Ruby Riott as part of WWE SmackDown. WWE SmackDown house show is Saturday, Dec. 30 in Tampa, and SmackDown Live is Tuesday, Jan. 2 in Orlando. WWE Monday Night Raw is Jan. 1 in Miami. Photo By Jim Varsallone
by Richie Bernardo, Senior Writer
MIAMI – Times Square might be the most hashtag-worthy spot for ringing in the new year, but it's certainly not the best if you're a frugal partier seeking an equally grand experience.
Local businesses are notorious for hiking up their prices when big crowds are in town for a major event. The cheapest hotel rates in New Orleans and Atlantic City, for instance, can rise in excess of 300 and 500 percent, respectively, on New Year's Eve compared with their normal prices.
The last thing you want to do in the final hours of 2017 is ruin your finances over one night of entertainment.
Fortunately, you have plenty of fun yet affordable options for celebrating #NYE2018.
To help you decide where to count down to the new year, WalletHub compared the 100 biggest cities based on 25 key indicators of an epic New Year's Eve celebration.
GUADALAJARA, Mexico — David Vidal hit the go-ahead double during a three-run rally in the eighth inning, and reigning champion Puerto Rico beat Mexico 7-4 on Friday night to get their first win in the Caribbean Series.
Vidal had two hits with two RBIs for the Criollos de Caguas, who are trying to win their fifth title in the Series and 16th for Puerto Rico.
The Culiacan Tomateros will try to bounce back Saturday when they take on Cuba*s Alazanes de Granma.
Lazaro Blanco pitched six strong innings, Yurisbel Gracial had three RBIs and the Cubans started the Series with a 6-4 win over Venezuela.
Blanco (1-0) took the win after allowing five hits and two runs with five strikeouts. Raidel Martinez got the save.
Cuba reached the semifinals last year and is looking for its ninth championship in the Caribbean Series.
The win came with a price for the Granma Alazanes because Alfredo Despaigne, one of their top players, hurt his left leg and is questionable for the second game.
In the Caribbean Series, five teams play against each other in the first round and the top four advance to the semifinals.
Former U.S. President Bill Clinton was on hand for the opening ceremony, and the first pitch was thrown by Mexican boxer Saul Canelo Alvarez.
LIMERICK U-21 hurling manager Pat Donnelly and selectors Brian Foley, Maurice O'Brien and Mikey Kiely have released a 26-man for Saturday's All Ireland U-21 hurling semi final.
The starting 15 will be confirmed on Thursday evening.
Seamus Flanagan and Josh Adams are additions to the 24 players that were togged out for the Munster final win over Cork. Flanagan is yet to get game-time this season but is one of 14 members of the Limerick panel that hold an Ireland U-21 medal from 2015.
Limerick, who are 4/5 favourites for the Ireland title, have used 23 different players in their three games to-date.
The star-studded Limerick panel are Thurles bound for the Ireland semi final meeting with Galway. The game in Semple Stadium has a 6.00 start, while Kilkenny play Derry in the other semi final at 4.00 – both live on TG4.
While Limerick have beaten Tipperary, Clare and Cork enroute to winning the Munster title, Saturday will be Galway's first U-21 game of the season.
But Galway hurling is riding a crest of a wave at present with their senior and minor teams already into September 3 All Ireland finals.
The Tribesmen U-21s are managed by Tony Ward. Star forward Conor Whelan is the only member of their senior team eligible for the U-21 grade but others like Sean Loftus, Thomas Monaghan and Jack Grealish are senior substitutes. Limerick can call upon seven players that played senior inter-county championship this Summer.
Three years ago at minor level, Limerick were 1-27 to 2-9 winners over Galway in the Ireland MHC semi final and the bookies make the Shannonsiders the 1/6 favourites to repeat that victory and reach the September 9 final in Thurles. Galway did however win the Ireland minor title in 2015.
Saturday will be the eighth meeting of Limerick and Galway at U-21 level – Limerick have five victories, including the last meeting in 2015. Six of that Limerick team will most likely once again start – Sean Finn, Ronan Lynch, Cian Lynch, Colin Ryan, Barry Nash and captain Tom Morrissey.
PANEL: Josh Adams (Ballybrown), Paudie Ahern (Killeedy), Conor Boylan (Na Piarsaigh), Peter Casey (Na Piarsaigh), Andrew La Touche Cosgrave (Monaleen), Daragh Fanning (Pallasgreen), Sean Finn (Bruff), Seamus Flanagan (Feohanagh), Aaron Gillane (Patrickswell), Thomas Grimes (Na Piarsaigh), Robbie Hanley (Kilmallock), Kyle Hayes (Kildimo-Pallaskenry), Cian Hedderman (Ballybrown), Dan Joy (Kilmallock), Lorcan Lyons (Monaleen), Cian Lynch (Patrickswell), Ronan Lynch (Na Piarsaigh), Mike Mackey (Adare), Eoghan McNamara (Doon), Conor McSweeney (South Liberties), Tom Morrissey (Ahane), Barry Murphy (Doon), Barry Nash (South Liberties), Jack O'Grady (Knockainey), Oisin O'Reilly (Kilmallock), Colin Ryan (Pallasgreen).
Rereātea presenters Wikitōria Day and Jess Tyson are coming to you live from Te Whare Rūnanga on the Treaty Grounds with the latest news from Waitangi.
Everyone's favourite trolls are being brought back to life for the small screen and an all-star cast has just been announced.
Let's take a trip to Moominvalley to find out who ...
Siemens AG's complete withdrawal from the lighting industry further scales back the once-sprawling German conglomerate, as CEO Joe Kaeser offloads assets from trains to medical scanners to household equipment in rapid succession.
The Munich-based company completed the sale of its remaining stake in light manufacturer Osram Licht AG, raising about 1.2 billion euros ($1.41 billion) and exiting a business in which it was involved for the better part of a century.
Siemens sold 18.1 million shares that were offered to institutional investors, the company said in statements after the market closed Wednesday. The stock sold at 65.05 euros ($76.32) apiece, and didn't get enough demand from investors for all the shares, according to people familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified because the information isn't public. Osram shares fell the most in more than a year.
For Kaeser, the move came after Osram's value more than doubled since an initial public offering in 2013, and a week after he unveiled a proposed combination of Siemens's train business with that of Alstom SA of France. Siemens has also withdrawn from businesses making phones, hearing aids and ovens. For Osram, a former division of Europe's biggest engineering company, the severing of ties comes after its own strategic shift into high-technology as energy-saving light-emitting diodes, or LEDs, eclipse classic light bulbs.
Deutsche, Citigroup
Osram shares fell as much as 5.1%, the most since July 27, 2016, and were trading down 3.9% at 64.47 ($75.63) euros at 11:54 a.m. in Frankfurt. That trimmed gains to 29% so far this year and gave a price that's more than double the July 2013 initial public offering debut of 24 euros ($28.15). Siemens fell 1.2% to 119.50 euros ($140.18).
Proceeds from the Osram sale will be used for general corporate purposes, Siemens said, adding that it would retain a small number of shares required to service a bond plus warrant issue due in 2019.
Deutsche Bank and Citigroup Inc. advised on the sale, according to the people familiar with the matter.
“This has been a successful investment” for Siemens, Morgan Stanley analyst Ben Uglow said in a note, adding that he remains cautious on Osram. The stake sale “removes speculation around a strategic investor buying the Osram stake and potentially bidding for the whole company.”
Chinese lighting maker Sanan Optoelectronics Co. Ltd. said in October 2016 it had held talks with Osram about a possible acquisition. Apart from describing an “initial communication” with Osram and one meeting, the Chinese company said no binding documents were signed. Osram had poured cold water on the possibility that it would be acquired by Chinese investors.
Contentious
Osram sold off its traditional lamps business, moving along a different path from long-time competitor Philips Lighting NV. General Electric Co. also announced the sale of its light-bulb division. Amid its refocus, the market for infrared products has become one of Osram's fast-growing businesses thanks to demand for a component used in smart phones to scan human irises.
Osram's business refocus has been contentious, leading to a boardroom clash over strategy and a public spat with Siemens, until now its biggest shareholder. In a decision attacked by Siemens, Osram is spending about 1 billion euros ($1.17 billion) on a Malaysian plant to make semiconductors for LEDs.
“We thank Siemens for accompanying us and for its role as a core shareholder over the last years since the listing,” Osram said in a separate emailed statement.
By Oliver Sachgau, William Canny and Ruth David
Image copyright Getty Images
The Muslim Council of Britain has reiterated a call for the Conservatives to launch an independent inquiry into alleged Islamophobia within the party.
The MCB has repeatedly demanded an investigation, and says there are now "more than weekly incidents" involving Tory candidates and representatives.
In an open letter, it tells chairman Brandon Lewis he must "ensure racists and bigots have no place" in the party.
A Tory spokesman said it took all incidents of Islamophobia seriously.
The latest letter from the MCB lists a series of incidents it says took place during April and at the beginning of May.
Skip Twitter post by @MuslimCouncil We are calling for an independent inquiry into Islamophobia in the Conservative Party following more than weekly occurrences of Islamophobia in the party last month pic.twitter.com/ymkFRDs5sF — MCB (@MuslimCouncil) May 30, 2018 Report
It names Harrow East MP Bob Blackman, who has been criticised for hosting events in Parliament with a controversial Hindu nationalist..
At the time of the events, Labour and the MCB said Tapan Ghosh held "abhorrent" views about Muslims.
Mr Blackman said he did not regret sharing a platform with him, but did not agree with Tweets sent by Mr Ghosh about Muslims. Mr Ghosh has also insisted he is not Islamophobic.
The letter, sent by the MCB's secretary-general Harun Khan, calls for the Tories to "publish a list of incidents of Islamophobia within the party where action has already been taken", and "adopt a programme of education and training on Islamophobia".
Lastly, Mr Khan asks that the party "reaffirm from the highest level a commitment against bigotry wherever it is found".
Responding to the letter, a Conservative spokesman said: "We take all such incidents seriously, which is why we have suspended all those who have behaved inappropriately and launched immediate investigations."
Get the Better newsletter.
Summer road trips are going to cost significantly more this year as gasoline prices continue to climb. The national average for regular is now $2.96 — that's 59 cents a gallon more than last year and the highest price going into a Memorial Day weekend since 2014 when the national average was $3.65 a gallon, according to AAA.
“Regardless of where you live, it is going to be an expensive summer for gas,” said AAA's Jeanette Casselano.
AAA expects the national average to hit $3 a gallon in June. And it could go higher, depending on crude prices and demand levels, Casselano said. The average price for regular is already $3 a gallon or more in 17 states and the District of Columbia. Click here to find the average price where you live or where you'll be travelling.
For some people, this pain at the pump will put a crimp in their summer travel plans. More Americans plan to drive less and stay home or close to home this year, according to GasBuddy's 2018 Summer Travel survey released this week.
Only 58 percent of GasBuddy's members said they planned to take a road trip this summer — a 24 percent decrease from last year. Of those, 39 percent said gas prices had an impact on their travel decisions.
How to squeeze more miles out of every gallon
Automotive experts agree: The biggest impact on your fuel economy is the way you drive.
“Our tests show that a 37 percent fuel savings is possible, if you slow down your driving, don't accelerate as hard and brake easier,” said Ron Montoya, senior consumer advice editor at Edmunds.
When driving on the highway, try to maintain a steady pace and watch your speed. Consumer Reports says going from 55 mph to 75 is like “moving from a compact car to a large SUV,” in terms of fuel consumption.
The magazine did real-life road tests with a Honda Accord, Toyota RAV4 and three models of the Ford Fusion (including a hybrid). They found that going faster than 55 mph will drain your gas tank faster.
“When going from 55 to 65 mph, we lost between four and eight mpg. Increasing to 75 mph cut fuel economy an additional 5 to 7 miles per gallon,” said Jon Linkov, deputy automotive editor at Consumer Reports. “If you're driving 55 and you go 20 miles an hour faster, you can lose as much as 15 miles per gallon.”
Other simple ways to cut your fuel costs
The auto editors at Consumer Reports suggest a few more things you can do:
Don't carry cargo on the roof unless necessary: Anything that increases the car's aerodynamic drag will make the engine work harder and burn more fuel — even an empty bike rack. “Around town, it's not going to be a huge difference, but for highway driving, really try to eliminate having anything on the roof,” Linkov said.Consumer Reports tested a 2013 Honda Accord at a steady 65 mph. With nothing on the roof, the car got 43 mpg. An empty bike rack cut that to 38. The fuel economy dropped to 27 mpg when two bikes were attached to the rack.
Don't warm up the car before driving: That was important when cars had carburetors. Today's electronically controlled, fuel-injected engines don't need to be warmed up. Your vehicle's engine is most efficient when it's at regular operating temperature and the quickest way to do that is to start driving.
Keep tires properly inflated: Under-inflated tires will have a modest impact on mileage, but they can greatly compromise the car's handling and braking. Tires also run hotter and wear faster when under-inflated, which can lead to tire failure.
Under-inflated tires will have a modest impact on mileage, but they can greatly compromise the car's handling and braking. Tires also run hotter and wear faster when under-inflated, which can lead to tire failure. Don't waste money on premium gas, if your car doesn't need it: Most cars are designed to run on regular gas. Premium fuel is for sports cars and luxury vehicles with high-performance engines. Not sure what your car needs? Check the owner's manual or the sticker on the fuel-filler door. If it says premium “recommended,” you can use regular. If it says premium “required,” use a higher-octane fuel. (Consumer Reports tested fuel economy and acceleration on different grades of gasoline)If you use regular and hear the engine ping or knock and it bothers you, switch to premium for a few fill-ups. “The pinging is not going to damage the engine,” Linkov said. “It's just the way the fuel is burning in the engine.”
Staying cool: AC or open the windows?
Using the air conditioner reduces fuel economy. The impact grows as the outside temperature rises and the AC system needs to work harder. Based on its road tests, Consumer Reports says expect a drop of from 1 to 4 mpg with the AC running.
But won't open windows create more aerodynamic drag and reduce mileage? Consumer Reports didn't notice any effect on fuel economy when opening the windows at 65 mph.
“This may be one of those situations where your personal comfort is worth the slight drop in mileage. The AC keeps you cool, so it keeps you a little more attentive,” Linkov told NBC News BETTER. “Also, there's no wind buffeting. You open the windows at highway speeds, even at 55, that's a lot of noise. So, not only are you possibly warm, you're also getting buffeted by the wind constantly, and that's tiring.”
Everyone knows about Bartolo Colon and his ability to pound the strike zone with his fastball. On this day in 2012, while pitching for the Oakland Athletics, Colon one upped himself.
Bartolo Colon is a baseball marvel. Throwing almost nothing but fastballs, he simply pounds the strike zone. Even though the opposition knows what is coming, and pretty much where it is going to be, he has still proven to be an effective starting pitcher well into his 40's. The Round Mound on the mound, the fan favorite has defied explanation.
Yet, for as impressive as his ability to throw strikes has been, Colon surpassed expectations on this day in 2012. Pitching for the Oakland Athletics, Colon threw enough strikes where he could have qualified as a human pitching machine. In fact, he threw 38 consecutive strikes, a record for the most strikes in a row since pitch data began being recorded in 1988.
Perhaps the most impressive part about Colon's strike throwing spree is when it occurred in the game. Instead of tiring as he pitched deeper into the game, he found an unbelievable rhythm. He began throwing nothing but strikes in the bottom of the fifth inning, and did not stop for eleven batters. Finally, Bobby Abreu was able to get Colon to throw a ball off the plate, ending his amazing run.
More from Call to the Pen
As one would have imagined with that run, Colon was dominant. He fired eight shutout innings, allowing just four hits while striking out five batters. He did get to a three ball count four times over the course of the game, but did not issue a walk. Amazingly, of the 108 pitches he threw, 82 of them were strikes, an unbelievable percentage.
His impressive control lasted throughout the season. He had already staked a claim as a control artist, and continued his mastery in 2012. That year, he posted a 10-9 record along with a 3.43 ERA and a 1.208 WHiP, striking out 90 batters against just 23 walks in 152.1 innings.
The human gif machine that is Bartolo Colon has become one of the most notorious strike throwers in the game today. On this day in 2012, while pitching for the Oakland Athletics, Colon even surpassed his own standards.
This article originally appeared on
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
FILE - In this May 16, 2018, file photo, Golden State Warriors forward Andre Iguodala (9) sits on the bench during the final moments of the second half in Game 2 of the NBA basketball Western Conference Finals against the Houston Rockets, in Houston. Iguodala will be out for Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday night, May 31, 2018, as he recovers from a bone bruise in his left knee that cost him the final four games of the Western Conference finals. David J. Phillip, File AP Photo
0:47 Aquinas' Michael Harley picks Miami Hurricanes Pause
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
1:09 Adam Gase reflects on Dolphins' loss to Steelers
Darius Leonard, a four-year starter for the South Carolina State Bulldogs, has been confirmed as one of the New Orleans Saints' 30 official draft visits.
A no-star recruit, Leonard chose to sign with the Bulldogs rather than take a walk-on offer from FBS schools such as Clemson. After redshirting his true-freshman season, he won the starting position and started every game for the next four years. During that time, the South Carolina native became one of the most productive and decorated players in school history, twice earning the honor of MEAC Defensive Player of the Year.
Definitive Traits
Leonard displays an advanced ability for timing the snap when sent on a blitz giving him more versatility compared to most off-ball LBs. He plays with good range utilizing his athleticism to cover as much field as he can sideline to sideline. Keeps his eyes on the ball carrier through traffic and flows naturally with the play.
The former Bulldog has elite arm length at the position, his 34 3/8″ arms place him in the 80th percentile among all OL cataloged on mockdraftable.com. He will have the length advantage against most of those that would look to engage with him as a blocker.
Despite playing for a non-FBS school, Leonard had some of his best performances against FBS competition, specifically Clemson where he racked up a whopping 19 tackles. Has an outstanding motor that will always keep him involved in the play, one of his best traits.
Developmental Concerns
The fifth-year senior has below-average body control and athleticism meaning he will have a limited ceiling at the NFL level as hyper-athletic players will more than likely always cause issues for him in the open field. His natural instincts need development, falling for play fakes too often and wasting motion in his movement. Too often hesitates to trust what he sees, costing precious seconds of reaction time.
Leonard needs to develop his technique and hand placement and his ability to disengage at the point of attack is not good enough for the NFL level at the moment. Could also improve his angle selection when breaking down to make tackles, as well as his technique when making tackles in the open field. As productive as he was at the collegiate level, improving his technically efficiency would do wonders for his game on Sundays.
Physically speaking, he could also stand to add some muscle to his frame, weighing only 234 ppunds. It should be cause for concern he will not be able to handle the physical demands of the pro game.
Why draft him
He has ample experience playing in a 2-man LB formation, as his alma matter deployed a base 4-2-5 scheme. He was a tackling machine during his time at Orangeburg, totaling 394 tackles (54 for loss).
The redshirt-senior would bring a sturdiness to the LB room that it has been missing for a few years now. Averaging just over nine tackles per game in his four-year career, Leonard did not miss any games and was as reliable as they come when it came to his game day availability.
Leonard is highly regarded for his character and work ethic, definitely the “right kinda guy” that the coaching staff prefers to work with. One of the most productive players at his position available in this year's draft, the two-time MEAC Defensive Player of the Year consistently shows the hustle and heart the coaching staff loves in it's players. He has a way in terms of his development, but has all the necessary intangibles to achieve his maximum potential.
Why not to draft him
With average athleticism, and still quite a ways to go in terms of his technique, there is more than a likely case that there are several LBs who will receive higher grades than Leonard.
Depending on how much of a need the position is after the coaches and front office are finished with their pre-draft evaluations will play a large factor in Leonard's prospects.
Draft Grade: 6.40 (3rd-4th round)
Leonard has just enough athleticism to become a supporting player in the NFL, but the potential to be a quality starter is there thanks to his prototypical size, outstanding motor and elite length. The only issue is that it will require some development, time which the current coaching staff may not be able to afford.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — Chesapeake Energy Corp. has announced plans to increase its drilling budget and rig count in 2017, saying that confidence is growing in the hard-hit energy market.
The Oklahoma City-based company said Tuesday that it would increase its capital expenditures to $1.9 billion to $2.5 billion this year. That's compared to 2016 numbers of $1.65 billion to $1.75 billion.
Chesapeake CEO Doug Lawler said in a statement that the move will "position Chesapeake for significant production and earnings growth" in 2018. Chesapeake says it plans to operate an average of 17 rigs in 2017, compared to an average of 10 rigs in 2016.
The company will release its fourth-quarter earnings report on Feb. 23. In November, Chesapeake reported a loss of $1.16 billion, or $1.54 per share, in its third-quarter results.
Former Yanks, Mets finding fantasy love For some players, being out of the bright, shiny New York spotlight is all it takes to make things click. For some, going to a smaller market is all it...
Career rebirth for veteran Harang The Mets signed Aaron Harang last September, seeing the journeyman make four starts, but never seeing anything like he displayed on Friday night. Now with the Braves, the soon-to-be 36-year-old...
Burris Signature XTR 30mm rings
Edit----found some, disregard
These seem to be hard to come by now that I have ordered a 30mm scope. Anyone seeing them on the shelf anywhere? None on Amazon, Ebay, Optics Planet, Midway, etc, etc. Appreciate any help.
Shaun
LETTER: Road closures, the Gympie CBD brought to a standstill, staff losing pay - all because of the paranoia of our authorities. Shame on them, says this letter writer.
LETTER: Road closures, the Gympie CBD brought to a standstill, staff losing pay - all because of the paranoia of our authorities. Shame on them, says this letter writer. ANDRE PAIN
Letters to the Editor
The terrorists have won
WHOLE towns and their commercial hearts are brought to a standstill, businesses close for the day and staff lose a day's pay just because of the paranoia of our authorities that some one might plant a bomb along the route of the Queens Baton Relay or on Anzac Day or any other time we might have an event occurring in the main street.
Shame on the authorities for having such a negative attitude towards society without ever considering the costs to all those adversely affected by all these road closures.
From the customers who can not park - especially the disabled, the delivery vehicles that are unable to complete their normal days work and all of the business's who lose valuable income.
To cave in to such paranoia is not the Australian way and our Diggers who gave their lives for our freedoms must be turning in their graves.
As I started, the terrorists have won.
Tony Jakeman
Gympie
Bikes rule, Ride2School
THIS Friday, March 23, we're calling on all Queenslanders to get our next generation grinning and on their bikes to school.
It's National Ride2School Day and an opportunity to give our children the gift of fun and freedom that comes with riding a bike.
Of concern, only one in five Queensland kids currently ride to school, compared to four in five in the 1970s.
While the world has changed drastically since then, and riding to school isn't always easy, it's well worth the effort. There are a multiplicity of benefits that come with bike riding - it's a chance to bond, to build resilience, and to nurture their independence as they navigate the world.
It's also a great way to establish lifelong habits that promote health and physical activity, as well as giving kids space to experience gratitude for the great outdoors and our natural heritage.
Anne Savage,
CEO Bicycle Queensland
Why it matters to you Mercedes found a car cool enough for Batman.
Presumably taking full advantage of Bruce Wayne's swollen bank account, the superheroes of the Justice League will drive a fleet of Mercedes-Benz luxury cars in the movie of the same name. Mercedes will unleash a barrage of television, print, online, promotions, and social media ads ahead of the movie's November 17 premiere.
A Mercedes-Benz G-Class 4×4² and E-Class Cabriolet convertible will both appear onscreen. The E-Class will be driven by Diana Prince, aka Wonder Woman. The invisible jet Wonder Woman previously used as transportation in the comic books has apparently been scrapped.
When he is not prowling the streets of Gotham as Batman, Bruce Wayne will drive his own Mercedes. But this is no ordinary production car: It's the Mercedes-AMG Vision Gran Turismo concept the automaker unveiled in 2013. The low-slung concept car is admittedly a pretty good stand-in for the Batmobile.
While it was created purely for the virtual world of Gran Turismo 6, Mercedes gave the Vision Gran Turismo all of the details of a real-life car. It's powered by the same 5.5-liter twin-turbocharged V8 used in certain Mercedes-AMG performance models, mustering 577 horsepower and 590 pound-feet of torque. The car was designed to weigh just 3,053 pounds, meaning all of those horses did not have much weight to push around. Let's see if the bad guys can keep up with that.
The Mercedes-AMG Vision Gran Turismo kicked off a series of concept cars from various automakers. Created to celebrate the 15th anniversary of the Gran Turismo franchise, they all appeared in Gran Turismo 6. McLaren recently unveiled a concept car for Gran Turismo Sport as well.
Justice League owner DC competes in all things with rival Marvel, and that apparently includes luxury cars. While Mercedes is backing Justice League, Audi has become a staple of Marvel superhero movies. Audis have made numerous appearances in Marvel movies over the years, going back to 2008's Iron Man. Most recently, the Mercedes rival teased its new A8 sedan in Spider-Man: Homecoming.
It's an interesting phenomenon given that, with their ability to fly, swing from webs, or leap tall buildings in a single bound, most superheroes probably don't need cars.
Image copyright Everett Collection Inc / Alamy Stock Photo
Spoiler alert. This article contains plot details about Avengers: Infinity War.
Avengers: Infinity War baddie Thanos has prompted a mass cull of Reddit users.
The population of half a subreddit will be wiped from existence in honour of the super villain on 9 July.
The forum "/r/thanosdidnothingwrong" - which is dedicated to sharing theories and memes about the character - has more than 282,000 subscribers.
Their culling is inspired by the ending of Infinity War, when Thanos clicks his fingers and decimates half the universe's population.
'Quick and easy'
To wield this terrible power, Thanos gathers six Infinity Stones - gems that gave him control over space and time.
So it's fitting that the forum's moderators have had to craft their own virtual Infinity Gauntlet to mimic the villain online.
Reddit engineers have designed a brand-new bot that will enable the group to randomly cull users in "a quick and easy manner".
Image copyright Reddit Image caption Members of the subreddit have been discussing the ban at length
Members had been worried that Reddit would block the move.
"It would be the biggest mass ban in Reddit history and we'd probably get into some serious trouble," wrote one user, Dragonphlegm.
But since the subreddit is dedicated to glorifying the Marvel baddie, it seems like a fitting way for fans to show their appreciation.
A voting thread on whether the cull should go ahead received more than 150,000 upvotes, prompting members' to ask Reddit's official permission.
According the member The-Jedi-Apprentice, Reddit administrators have now approved the "random 50% ban".
The date was settled for July 9 to allow engineers enough time to settle back after US Independence Day festivities and be on hand if any technical problems arise.
Image copyright Marvel Image caption Actor Josh Brolin provides the performance capture for Thanos.
The stunt is being celebrated among its community as the ultimate joke.
"Finally balance in the universe," wrote dwbrab96.
"I don't feel so good," chimed in Reediamond.
But not everyone sees the point in a move that's meant to "bring balance" to an online population.
As news of the imminent ban spreads, the numbers in the subreddit have been swelling.
"This sub's gonna have more subscribers after the ban than it did before this all started," mitch06_11 pointed out.
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption People are being advised to wear a high factor suncream
Seven people have been treated for severe sunburn in Wales amid the heatwave over the last month.
Morriston Hospital's specialist burns centre reported some of the patients had to be admitted as inpatients or referred to the Welsh Centre for Burns and Plastic Surgery.
Hot weather over the weekend also led to some people - including Wales Air show attendees - to get badly burned.
Warnings are now being reissued to make sure people stay safe in the sun.
Clare Baker, Burns Centre matron, said: "These are deep thermal burns which we are dealing with, very severe sunburn."
"These types of burns develop large blisters, cause extreme pain and can affect mobility because movement is restricted by damage to the skin.
"Patients with deep thermal burns need specialist dressings, and face weeks of appointments to get those dressings changed."
Staying safe in the sun
Wear sun protective clothing.
Use SPF 30+ sunscreen with at least four-star UVA protection.
Wear a wide-brimmed hat.
Wear quality sunglasses.
Seek shade from the sun whenever possible.
Ms Baker said people needed to reapply sun cream regularly, especially when sweating in the hot weather.
"Sun cream needs to be reapplied regularly and remember that if you sweat, it will come off and must be reapplied."
Occupational therapist Janine Evans, from the burns centre, added: "People may not realise that sunburn doesn't just happen on holiday - you can burn very easily in the UK.
"It's not just sunbathing that puts you at risk, but being outside in the sun without adequate protection.
"Sand, concrete and water can reflect the sun's rays on to your skin, and a mild breeze or getting wet in the sea or pool may cool you down so you don't realise you're burning."
Image copyright Abertawe Bro Morgannwg Image caption The Welsh Centre for Burns and Plastic Surgery has been dealing with a high number of sunburn-related problems
If you experience sunburn, you should get out of the sun as soon as possible, she said.
Mild sunburn, where the skin is red and painful but not blistered, and where there are no other symptoms of heat exhaustion, can usually be treated at home with moisturisers.
People who are sunburnt are advised to cool the skin by having a bath or shower, or using a cold compress, use cream or ointment, drink plenty of fluids and take pain killers when needed.
Those with blisters, severe swelling or feeling unwell should contact their GP or visit their nearest minor injury unit.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Phil Cofer scored 11 of his 16 points in the second half, Terance Mann added 11 and made a key block leading to M.J. Walker's clinching dunk with 1 second remaining, and Florida State held off Louisville 80-76 on Saturday.
The Seminoles broke a 57-all tie with six unanswered points and ending with Cofer's 3-point play. Their lead stretched to eight a couple of times before they had to fight off the Cardinals' late charge that got them within 78-76 with 24.7 seconds remaining.
Mann's two missed free throws with 17.4 seconds left opened the door for Louisville, but he recovered to block V.J. King's shot 11 seconds later and lead to Walker's dunk that sealed the hard-fought win. FSU (17-6, 6-5 Atlantic Coast Conference) bounced back from its loss to Wake Forest to hand Louisville (16-7, 6-4) its second straight defeat.
Braian Angola had 13 points, Christ Koumadje 11, and Trent Forrest 10 for the Seminoles, who shot 52 per cent after halftime to take control of a tight game featuring 11 lead changes and seven ties.
Deng Adel had 19 points and Quentin Snider 15 for the Cardinals, who lost their second in a row.
BIG PICTURE
Florida State: The Seminoles offset 40 per cent first-half shooting by outrebounding the Cardinals 6-0 offensively, leading to a 9-0 advantage in second-chance points for a 39-38 lead at the break. They were even at 10 in paint points before taking control to win that category 34-24 and the boards 43-34.
Louisville: The Cardinals had their chances but shot 36 per cent in the second half and missed several free throws down the stretch that could have closed the gap much sooner. Snider's five straight points got them within a basket with another opportunity to tie, but King's blocked attempt led to the clinching basket. Ray Spalding had 13 points and nine rebounds.
UP NEXT
Florida State hosts No. 2 and first-place Virginia on Wednesday, seeking its fourth win this season over a ranked foe.
Louisville hosts Syracuse on Monday night, seeking its fourth straight series victory over the Orange.
——
For more AP college basketball coverage: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP–Top25
'Bloodline' actress is okay that you don't recognize her (yet) If you want to praise Linda Cardellini, don't tell her you liked her latest TV show or movie — tell her you didn't even realize it was her. “I always...
Ben Mendelsohn makes mediocre 'Bloodline' worth watching The new Netflix drama “Bloodline” got a little lost in the shuffle, premiering as it did so after the third season of “House of Cards.” It's not a great show....
Setting son: Mendelsohn brings the trouble in 'Bloodline' The new Netflix series “Bloodline,” set against the drop-dead-gorgeous Florida Keys coastline, finds its creators branching out into new territory. The trio behind the venture — Todd A. Kessler, his...
BARRIE -
Red-faced and weeping in the prisoner's box, a former teaching assistant convicted of breaking his severely autistic student's leg admitted he tried to pay a witness to lie for him on the witness stand.
Corey Stibbard, 33, of Angus, Ont. pleaded guilty to attempting to obstruct justice while a second charge of counselling to commit perjury was dropped in exchange for his early plea. He was sentenced to six months in jail on top of the 12-month sentence he received last April after being convicted of assault causing bodily harm.
The convoluted story began when Stibbard took his autistic student, Riley Dooley, 20, who has the ability of a two-year-old, to a dollar store on Dec. 4, 2015. When Dooley wouldn't let go of a small toy dinosaur, Stibbard became frustrated, delivered a karate-like kick to him and shattered Dooley's tibia and fibula, leaving him writhing in pain on the floor with bone sticking out of his leg.
Stibbard was found guilty at trial, but was terrified of going to jail — so while awaiting sentencing he offered to pay a woman he hardly knew a “significant” amount of cash, court heard.
Stibbard went to visit the woman, Ashley Doucette, of the New Tecumseth area, at her home and the two chatted for a while as acquaintances. She was shocked when suddenly Stibbard offered to pay her to testify that she saw the autistic student attack him and he was acting in self-defence.
“He had the entire concocted story written out for her,” Crown attorney Mary Ann Alexander said. “She was stunned.”
Stibbard left, hoping Doucette would think about his offer, but she quickly called police.
It was not the first time Stibbard was accused of getting a witness to lie for him in court. During his assault trial, a surprise witness came forward on the last day to testify he was at the dollar store and saw the autistic student attacking Stibbard.
“It was clear to me that it was self-defence,” said the witness, Corey Robinson, a self-admitted former crack addict who lived on the streets.
The Crown said his story was “preposterous and ridiculous” and Justice Robert Gattrell admitted he was suspicious, saying, “I find his whole story is cooked up for some agenda.” No charges were laid in that incident.
The autistic student's mother, Patty Dooley, says her son, who needed extensive surgery, still lives in fear of Stibbard.
Most of the golf world was very pleased to see Justin Thomas break through and win his first major on Sunday at the PGA Championship.
But for one man, it was his worst nightmare.
The victory meant Jordan Baker, a pro golfer living in London according to his Instagram profile, had successfully nailed three of his four major picks on the year, coming up one short of a parlay that would've netted him about $2.5 million. Unfortunately for him, he was slightly off at The Open, picking Rickie Fowler instead of his buddy Jordan Spieth, who went home with the claret jug.
@RickieFowler bring me for a round at Augusta and we'll call it even.pic.twitter.com/KYAv9jN49V — Bakes (@OfficialBakes) August 14, 2017
He called out Fowler in his Twitter post with a picture of the betting slip, saying he could make it up to him with a round at Augusta National, not a bad consolation prize if he can get it, but also not exactly the same as becoming a millionaire overnight.
So while the $2.5 million parlay dream officially died last month, Bakes had to watch Sunday's round in agony, and his Twitter feed looked exactly as you'd expect:
Oh my god, if Justin Thomas wins. I'm jumping out of a plane without a chute — Bakes (@OfficialBakes) August 13, 2017
I feel sick — Bakes (@OfficialBakes) August 13, 2017
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH — Bakes (@OfficialBakes) August 13, 2017
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Honda has found further performance improvements for its Formula 1 engine but is yet to decide which elements it is confident enough to introduce, says project leader Yusuke Hasegawa.
The Japanese manufacturer has struggled with a lack of power and unreliability this season, having introduced a new concept over the winter.
But Honda has retained belief in the concept and has made progress with performance and reliability after it introduced its 'spec 3' update during the Azerbaijan GP weekend.
It hopes to be in a position to introduce 'spec 4' in one of the early races after the summer break, but will not do so until it is confident in the update.
"We know the target, which other teams have already achieved," Hasegawa told Autosport.
"We know most of the teams are using the same concept of our engine but obviously we don't know the exact solution, the exact design, the same level of performance we can achieve.
"But we know the direction and we know some elements to achieve that performance, but we still have not concluded what element we have to introduce.
"[We are focusing] mainly the combustion but also every area, such as fuel consumption, auxiliary parts - everywhere we're trying to find more horsepower."
Honda plans to continue with the same concept next year and has several research programmes focused on 2018 running alongside its normal development for this year.
Hasegawa admitted Honda underestimated the challenge of changing concept but felt it has made progress this season.
"From the concept point of view, yes, we underestimated it," he said.
"Although it took a bit of time to stabilise, we understand it was a stage we had to overcome - it was very tough.
"We thought we had enough preparation time, which is why we started this year's engine development in May, but one year is not enough.
"Theoretically speaking, we have already achieved some good steps.
"We are in the middle of our target but we need more steps to catch the top runners."
QUEBEC — A sixth member of Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard's Liberal cabinet has announced he won't seek re-election later this year.
Robert Poeti, who has been the minister for integrity in public procurement since last October, says he is proud to have contributed to the adoption of seven laws in his political career.
Poeti, 62, was first elected in 2012 and re-elected in 2014.
The former Quebec provincial police officer served as transport minister between 2014 and 2016 before Couillard kicked him out of cabinet.
Poeti joins fellow ministers Julie Boulet, Martin Coiteux, Stephanie Vallee, Jean-Marc Fournier and David Heurtel in deciding to pack it in.
Nine Liberal backbenchers have also said they won't run again in the campaign leading to the Oct. 1 election.
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call Pause
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
5:16 When a river of grass runs dry
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
1:09 Adam Gase reflects on Dolphins' loss to Steelers
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
3 Years Ago Today
[Updated] Google Is Preparing To Launch Android One In Indonesia And Seems Mighty Sure It Will Come With Android 5.1 Lollipop
TORONTO — The Jordanian embassy in Ottawa says one of its citizens was among ten people killed when a van mounted a sidewalk and rammed into pedestrians in Toronto.
The embassy would not provide further details.
One of the people who died in Monday's van attack has been identified as Anne Marie D'Amico, who worked at a U.S.-based investment firm.
A South Korean news agency has said two Korean nationals were also among those killed, and cited government officials as saying three others were unaccounted for.
Seneca College has said a female student was also among the dead, but didn't provide further details.
Alek Minassian, a 25-year-old from Richmond Hill, Ont., has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
More to come.
The McClain Tigers visited Washington High School Friday night for a Frontier Athletic Conference game against the Blue Lions.
McClain broke a 16-game losing streak with a 49-38 victory.
The Tigers are now 2-16 overall, 1-8 in the FAC.
The Blue Lions are now 3-13 overall, 1-8 in the FAC.
Junior Blaise Tayese led the Blue Lions with 12 points.
Junior Dillon Steward scored nine and sophomore Miguel O'Flaherty had eight points.
Devin Carter and Garrison Banks were tied for game scoring honors, both having 12 points.
McClain took a 17-5 lead at the end of the first quarter.
At the half, the Tigers were in the lead, 30-15.
Washington won the third quarter, 10-6 to make the score 36-25.
Both teams scored 13 points in the fourth quarter.
“I'm taking full blame for this game,” Washington head coach Shannon Bartruff said. “I didn't have my basketball team ready to play and it was evident for four quarters.
“We did a few things better in the second half,” Bartruff said. “When you let a team that struggles to score the ball a little bit, and I think coach Mitchell would admit that as well, you give them 30 points in the first half, then, they can dictate the flow. It makes it tough, especially when you have a young team.
“It's my fault,” Bartruff said. “My guys weren't ready to play and it's my fault. (McClain) did a really good job of executing and that's to coach Mitchell's credit.”
“Energy is what we preach,” McClain head coach Jesse Mitchell said. “We challenged the kids. We were out-matched last night (against Dayton Carroll). We didn't compete and we folded. We challenged the kids and they responded tonight.
“We tried to game-plan for Dillon Steward,” Mitchell said. “We were going to chase him all night. At times we did that and at times we got lost.
“I'm just happy for the kids,” Mitchell said. “We have lost 16 straight and that's a grind on everybody.”
The Washington Blue Lions are at Adena tonight.
SCORE BY QUARTERS
W 5 10 10 13 — 38
Mc 17 13 6 13 — 49
WASHINGTON — Eli Lynch 1-0-2; Dillon Steward 3-3-9; Ross Matthews Jr. 0 (1)-0-3; Miguel O'Flaherty 2 (1)-1-8; Garitt Leisure 0-0-0; Blaise Tayese 5-2-12; Trevor Rarick 0 (1)-1-4. TOTALS — 11 (3)-7-38. Free throw shooting: 7 of 15 for 47 percent. Three-point field goals: Matthews Jr., O'Flaherty, Rarick.
McCLAIN — Kobe Penwell 2 (2)-1-11; Dakotah Duncan 0-0-0; Ethan Cockerill 1-0-2; Devin Carter 4-4-12; Gabril Chiossi 0-0-0; Landree Gray 1-2-4; Justin Osborne 2-0-4; Garrison Banks 3 (1)-3-12; Dakota Irvin 2-0-4; Dillon Godfrey 0-0-0 TOTALS — 15 (3)-10-49. Free throw shooting: 10 of 16 for 63 percent. Three-point field goals: Penwell, 2; Banks.
Chris Hoppes is the Sports Editor for the Record-Herald in Washington Court House.
McClain's Kobe Penwell splits two Blue Lions defenders at mid-court on Friday at Washington High School in Washington Court House. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/02/web1_Penwell-splits-two-defenders.jpg McClain's Kobe Penwell splits two Blue Lions defenders at mid-court on Friday at Washington High School in Washington Court House.
Second win of season for McClain
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — It was a throwaway non sequitur that on this day said so much.
Brian Cashman was at the podium for the Giancarlo Stanton introductory news conference and was mentioning that despite getting the NL MVP, the Yankees are not done trying to upgrade the team and will do whatever was necessary to do so. He then paused ever so briefly and offered “within reason.”
Well, it turns out what is within reason for the Yankees is to add the player with the largest contract in history when they are nevertheless determined to drop under a $200 million payroll for the first time in 14 years so as to be beneath the $197 million luxury-tax threshold.
The Yankees are cutting payroll and adding Stanton and, at some point, a starting pitcher, perhaps Pittsburgh's Gerrit Cole or eventually a reunion with CC Sabathia. That is what is within reason for them. The Marlins are cutting payroll as part of yet another all-too-familiar fire sale for the franchise. That is what is within reason for them. The Mets are cutting payroll and finding even the high side of the setup and second- base markets too steep. That is what is within reason for them.
It kind of helps explain why Stanton is a Yankee today. He ultimately said he would waive his no-trade clause for last season's final four — the Astros, Cubs, Dodgers and Yanks. When his agent told him Thursday night that a deal to the Yanks was in place and to sleep on it, Stanton told Joel Wolfe, sure, but that his plan was to sleep in Friday, “So if there's some deadline just go ahead and say yeah, if you don't talk to me.”
Stanton knew what he wanted. He had been a Marlin for eight years, played on all losing teams and before the smallest crowds with the most disillusioned fans in the sport. Wolfe said that for a sold-out WBC game last March at Marlins Park, Stanton asked, “Where did all these people come from?” The only time Stanton had seen fans in the upper deck, he joked, was for the annual bring-your-dog event, Bark in the Park.
So when asked why forego his no-trade clause to accept the Yankees, Stanton replied: “They're young and they're in a good position to win for a long time, and I lost for a long time. So I want to change that dynamic and be a winner.”
The dynamic involves being thrust into an environment 180 degrees removed from Marlins Park. The crowds — not just of fans, but of media — will be large, and the expectation for star and team larger. That is not an easy transition, bedeviling great talents such as Roger Clemens and Alex Rodriguez in Year 1. Randy Johnson never really adjusted.
Wolfe says the football player in Stanton — he could have played at USC and perhaps in the NFL — has craved the intensity of a game that has been lacking in Miami. Also, Stanton is moving from a poorly run mom-and-pop store of a franchise to among the most advanced in the game when it comes to analytics and sports science and caring for players and their families behind the scenes. Stanton, who turned 28 last month, is in his prime and it is possible that the inspiration of real crowds, meaningful games and the support of a first-rate organization could elevate a guy who hit 59 homers to even greater heights.
And he did not want to wait for this opportunity. All things being equal, he preferred his hometown Dodgers. But the Dodgers were a year away from cleaning up their payroll enough to get him. And a year was too long. Wolfe noted a year ago Stanton was coming off a down season and was not wanted and that in September 2014 Stanton incurred multiple face fractures when hit by a Mike Fiers fastball that could have imperiled his career.
“Giancarlo knows life is fleeting,” Wolfe said.
Stanton did not want to wait. He wanted out of the stench and the losing of the Marlins. He wanted into something that promised to be special now and into the future. He had a no-trade clause to steer the process. And the Yankees had both the immediate and historic push to land the greatest slugger in the game.
It is what has pretty much always been within reason for them.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Commercial truck driving has a reputation for grueling hours, weeks away from home, and a burly machismo that isn't particularly welcoming to women. It's high time that reputation got a makeover. A 2017 report by the American Trucking Association noted that the industry needs to hire almost 900,000 more drivers to meet rising demand, while the latest jobs report noted that 185,000 jobs have been added over the past four months alone. Bottom line: this sector is getting desperate for talent, and the problem is only worsening.
“The shipping infrastructure is facing a tight capacity crunch this year, and the small- to-mid-sized business shipper will feel the upward pressure in raised rates due to the lack of drivers and trucks available,” said Tim Story, EVP of freight operations at Unishippers. “The new mandate could result in a 4-8 percent loss in capacity (available trucks on the road).
And the workers prized by many of these companies aren't getting any younger.
"The average age of commercial truck drivers is 55 and rising rapidly,” said Jon Gilbert of PLG Consulting. "The concern is that older, qualified truck drivers are retiring, and we are not getting adequate replacement drivers.”
A tough sell to young people
Young people looking at a first or new career may be disenchanted by commercial trucking not only because of what Gilbert describes as an “arduous lifestyle,” but because they need a special kind of license (CDL) to qualify. Though some companies offer free training (tuition can cost up to $8,000), that's hardly the standard, and either way it's a solid investment of time. You also need to meet physical and health requirements, and, in what is perhaps the biggest obstacle the industry sees here, be at least 21 to cross state lines.
“Right off the bat we're knocking a significant portion of potential workforces out with that age restriction,” Brian Andalman, director of carrier sales and client services at AFN, told NBC News. “If kids aren't interested in doing college but can't attack this arena, that's a big hurdle.”
Neil Abt, senior editor at Fleet Owner, noted that there are efforts in the industry to “create graduated licensing programs that would allow 18-20-year-olds into the industry, as opposed to them starting a career elsewhere and being gone by the age of 21."
“It is common for a speaker at a trucking conference to ask the crowd to raise their hands if they hope their children become truck drivers. Few, if any, ever raise their hands.” “It is common for a speaker at a trucking conference to ask the crowd to raise their hands if they hope their children become truck drivers. Few, if any, ever raise their hands.”
However, the larger issue in appealing to younger adults seems to point to deeper roots.
“It is common for a speaker at a trucking conference to ask the crowd to raise their hands if they hope their children become truck drivers,” said Abt. “Few, if any, ever raise their hands.”
Abt notes that in recent years there has been more recruiting from companies via social media, which is “a good start”, but Story observes that companies are struggling to lure fitting candidates — and it's hurting their wallets, especially if they're shelling out higher pay to retain top talent.
“Carriers are having to spend more money on advertising to get people to apply, but only getting one to two drivers out of each 100 applications they receive,” said Story. “Between the training required, predominantly male-dominated field, age hurdles and more, carriers are having to pay drivers higher rates that will continue to increase. Right now, there aren't enough qualified drivers in the applicant pool to satisfy the needs of the industry. Until a recruitment solution is identified, it will continue to be a problem.”
One company that seems to have found a solution, at least for itself, is UPS. Dan McMackin, public relations manager at UPS and a former truck driver himself, told NBC News that while the company does have to get creative during the Christmas season to bring in new workers, the company isn't facing any general shortage of drivers.
“We have roughly 127,000 drivers, and about 20,000 of those are tractor/trailer,” McMackin said, adding that the majority of the drivers work in delivery. “About 12,000 or so are over the road, but most just go out in one day for around five hours and then return that distance. This makes it a very unique and attractive job offering because you don't have to sleep in a truck cab or berth or eat at truck stops. We're one of the largest users of rail in America, so any ground shipments going beyond about two states away from origin go on the rails.”
Though UPS does recruit outside the company, most of its drivers come from the UPS pipeline and, like McMackin, have held other internal positions before they work up to being a driver, where the perks are cushy. “They get a better package than I do: full pension, full healthcare, and a 401(k) that the company matches.”
McMackin adds that while he's not certain of the stats, the job does skew mostly male, but that said, some of the best drivers he's ever worked with have been women, and he hopes to see more taking the wheel.
That most truck drivers are men is a critical point, and an area where the sector has the most advancements to make.
Driver perks can include full pension, full healthcare, and a company-matched 401(k). Driver perks can include full pension, full healthcare, and a company-matched 401(k).
Ellen Voie, president and CEO of the Women In Trucking Association (WIT) is working to bring a sense of community to women drivers, as well as to foster initiatives that could attract more female truckers. Right now, only seven percent of the commercial trucker workforce is female. That number may have perhaps made sense 20 years ago, when you needed some brawn to navigate these massive vehicles, but trucks are so much more efficient today.
“There's very little physical exertion anymore,” Voie told NBC News. “Even the hood releases and the dollies are hydraulic. You just push a button. There aren't any challenges that women have that men don't when it comes to the job. But they do prioritize differently. Women are much more concerned about safety, both in terms of the safety of the equipment and their personal safety. The [former concerns] mostly maintenance, but personal safety, that is huge. Women are much more situationally aware and cautious. They don't park in the back where it's dark. They will often have a dog in the truck with them, and a personal safety device like a can of hornet spray because it can reach up to 15 feet.”
Currently WIT has over 4,000 members, mostly in North America. The organization touts a Facebook group, a weekly newsletter, a quarterly magazine, various workshops and events, and an annual conference. Additionally, WIT works with manufacturers to provide women's feedback and suggestions.
“We work with the manufacturers on design and ergonomics so that women can feel as comfortable as men, given that they generally have shorter arms and legs,” said Voie, adding that women often want their truck not to feel more like a home. Some manufacturers like Peterbilt, Voie notes, are paying attention. “We're excited about their porta-potty and security alarm system.”
WIT is also optimistic about highlighting the job for the youngest generation. “In a few weeks, we're coming out with a truck driving doll," she told NBC News. "We're just really trying to introduce this field as an option to girls.”
Autonomous vehicles are actually a plus
A subject that has been sending jitters through the trucking industry at large is the slow but certain rise of self-driving vehicles. Drivers worry that these will replace their jobs, and this only deters young people more. Why join a workforce that will be obsolete in a decade?
“The talk of autonomous vehicles is creating a fear of truck driver extinction,” said Story. “More truck drivers are migrating to lucrative job positions in construction or manual labor remediation, where there is no current automation threat.”
Matt Grigsby, senior program engineer at Otto, takes his hands off the steering wheel of the self-driving, big-rig truck during a demonstration in 2016 in San Francisco. Tony Avelar / AP file
But some experts think that autonomous trucks could only help solve just about every problem the trucking industry has right now, including those of employees.
“Autonomous technologies could be the key,” said Abt. “This does not mean completely driverless, I cannot stress this enough. It is about making the job of driving easier, safer and maybe even more fun. A driver would still be needed in the vehicle, for emergencies, for handling the exit or entrance from the interstates, and for actually driving on the local roads. Additionally, there are technology limitations with weather, quality of road markings, and other issues.”
Also, a truly autonomous vehicle isn't going to be standard anytime soon — not when you consider just how much is involved for safety and security.
“You may see them here and there in the next two years, but it will be at least 10 to 15 years before autonomous trucks can capture a significant portion of the industry,” said Vibhanshu Abhishek, assistant professor of information systems at Carnegie Mellon University's Heinz College. “You need a ton of data to assess the optimal way to respond to whatever a truck is seeing or sensing to have the safest and best running vehicle. It will take a long time to get data for every kind of situation, and intuition is a difficult thing to build in.”
With self-driving trucks, maybe the driver won't have stare out of the window all the time. With self-driving trucks, maybe the driver won't have stare out of the window all the time.
But even when it does happen, drivers shouldn't think it means they'll be out of work. If anything, they'll just work differently, and perhaps more enjoyably.
“Maybe the driver won't have to be staring all time out the window, and can do other things,” said Abhishek. “I can't predict the exact business model, but I am certain that the whole trucking experience will change such that it will be appealing to young truck drivers. They'll be attracted to the technology, and because the truck has so many safety features, they won't need as much experience."
"I also think that it will open the market up to more women," said Abhishek. "It could really help solve this shortage, which is not just an American problem, but a global problem. Solving it could grow the economy worldwide.”
Was it m@nk3yP@$$w01rd or m0nk3yp@ssw0!rd?
**#@$%!!
For 20 years, the standard advice for creating a "strong" password that is hard to crack has been to use a mix of letters, numbers and symbols.
It's so ingrained that when you go to create a new email account you'll frequently get praising or finger-wagging feedback from the computer on how well your secret code adheres to these guidelines.
And you're supposed to change it every 90 days.
Now, the man who laid down these widely followed rules says he got it all wrong.
“Much of what I did I now regret," Bill Burr, a 72-year-old retired former manager at the National Institute of Standards and Technology told the Wall Street Journal.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed The Secret to a Strong Password: Length 0:55 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In 2003, the then-mid-level NIST manager was tasked with the job of setting rules for effective passwords. Without much to go on he sourced a whitepaper written in the 1980s. The rules his agency published ended up becoming the go-to guides for major institutions and large companies.
The result is that people create odd-looking passwords and then have to write them down, which is of course less secure than something you can memorize. Users also lean on common substitutions, like "zeroes" for the letter O, which a smart hacker could program their password cracker to look for. Or they pick one "base" password that they can memorize and only change a single number. That's also not as safe.
“It just drives people bananas and they don't pick good passwords no matter what you do,” Burr said.
The new password guidelines are both easier to remember, and harder to guess. The NIST's revised tips say users should pick a string of simple English words — and only be forced to change them if there's been evidence of a security break-in.
Not only did the old password format frustrate users, it wasn't even the best way to keep hackers at bay.
For instance, "Tr0ub4dor&3" could take just three days to crack, according to one viral comic whose assertions have been verified by security researchers, while "CorrectHorseBatteryStaple" could take 550 years.
Tyson Fury failed to turn up for his UK Anti-Doping hearing on Monday, the agency has confirmed.
Athletes accused of anti-doping rule violations do not have to attend hearings in person but the 29-year-old former world heavyweight champion was expected at UKAD's London headquarters on Monday morning.
Members of the tribunal were sent home after 3pm but UKAD would not say if the hearing officially started or not.
The boxer's camp has not responded to Press Association Sport's attempts to ask why he did not show up or if he intends to attend on Tuesday.
The Manchester-born fighter, however, has made several posts on his social media sites in the last 24 hours, including video from Sunday's Manchester derby at Old Trafford and a verse from the Bible: "no weapon that is fashioned against you shall succeed..."
Fury and his cousin and fellow heavyweight Hughie, 23, tested positive for the banned steroid nandrolone in February 2015.
The pair, however, were not charged by UKAD until June 2016, by which time Tyson Fury had beaten Wladimir Klitschko.
A rematch with the Ukrainian was scheduled for July 2016 but Fury postponed the fight, citing a sprained ankle, on the same day the UKAD charge was announced.
Both Hughie and Tyson Fury have strongly denied the nandrolone charge, claiming the positive was a result of eating wild boar that had not been castrated - a defence similar to the one used by cycling star Alberto Contador when he tested positive for a steroid at the 2010 Tour de France.
The Fury case has been complicated by several other factors, though, as Tyson Fury failed a test for cocaine in September 2016 and later admitted using the recreational drug to deal with depression related to his injury and UKAD problems.
Having already postponed another Klitschko rematch date and facing the prospect of having his titles stripped from him, Fury relinquished his belts on October 12.
A day later, the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBoC) suspended his licence and the Manchester-born fighter's career has been in limbo ever since.
Returns to training and possible fights have come and gone, and hearings with the BBBoC and UKAD have been scheduled and adjourned, with an anti-doping tribunal halted in August after just one day because one of the lawyers involved had a conflict of interest.
There is also the issue of Tyson Fury, who has not fought since that remarkable win over Klitschko more than two years ago, refusing a drugs test in September 2016 - a serious offence, if proven, as it would count as a positive.
Given all of this, nobody was predicting a speedy decision even before Monday's false start, as the panel was set to hear evidence for at least two days before retiring to deliberate and write their decision.
That process usually takes a few weeks, which would push the verdict back until January, but Fury's no-show on Monday has only thrown cast further doubt on when he will be allowed to resume his career.
Floyd Mayweather-Conor McGregor fight confirmed for August 26
The long-awaited fight between Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor is officially on.
The news was first reported by Kevin Iole of Yahoo Sports, and confirmed by both fighters on social media.
THE FIGHT IS ON. pic.twitter.com/KhW0u3jRft — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) June 14, 2017
The fight will be in Las Vegas on an all-boxing card, though a venue has not been formalized yet, according to Iole. It is currently slated to be held at MGM Grand Garden, but could yet shift to T-Mobile Arena. Further terms of the deal were unavailable, but the money involved for the fight is certain to be incredible.
Image copyright EPA Image caption A "Berlin Wears Kippah" rally is planned in the German capital on Wednesday
The leader of Germany's Jewish community has advised Jews to avoid wearing traditional skullcaps (kippahs) following anti-Semitic attacks.
Josef Schuster, the president of the Central Council of Jews in Germany, told Berlin public radio that Jews should exercise caution in big cities.
His comments come ahead of a "Berlin Wears Kippah" solidarity march in the German capital on Wednesday.
Last week, two young men wearing kippahs were assaulted in the city.
The attacker was filmed shouting anti-Semitic abuse.
Jewish organisations in Germany have expressed alarm over a number of recent anti-Semitic insults and threats in schools.
At the weekend, Chancellor Angela Merkel condemned what she described as "another form of anti-Semitism".
She told Israel's Channel 10 TV network that aside from anti-Semitism by right-wing groups, similar threats were coming from some Muslim refugees in the country.
What did Josef Schuster say?
"Defiantly showing your colours would in principle be the right way to go [to tackle anti-Semitism]," he said.
"Nevertheless, I would advise individual people against openly wearing a kippah in big German cities," Mr Schuster added.
But he also stressed that if Germans refused to stand up to anti-Semitism "our democracy would be at risk".
"This is not only about anti-Semitism - it goes along with racism, it goes along with xenophobia. You need a clear stop sign here."
What about reaction from other groups?
Mr Schuster's comments apparently contradict the position taken on the kippah issue by the Berlin-based Jewish Forum for Democracy and Against Anti-Semitism - the organisation which shared video of last week's attack on Facebook.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage of last week's attack in the Prenzlauer Berg area of Berlin
"I used to always advise my Jewish friends and acquaintances not to wear a kippah so as not to show their Jewish identity. I changed my opinion," a spokesman said last week.
"We must take up this fight and be visible again in public."
Separately, the head of Germany's Central Council of Muslims condemned recent anti-Semitic attacks.
"Anti-Semitism, racism and hatred are great sins in Islam, therefore we will also never tolerate that," Aiman Mazyek told Germany's Rheinische Post newspaper.
Germany's Jewish population has grown rapidly since the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989.
Before 1989, the population was below 30,000 but an influx of Jews, mainly from the former Soviet Union, has raised the number to more than 200,000.
Community members awoke to the confusing sight of dozens of messages littering the inboxes of their University email addresses Friday morning. Beginning slightly after 8 a.m. and in the span of less than 20 minutes, nearly 100 emails from the addresses of the Brown IT Service Center, the Visiting Student and Global Programs of the School of Professional Studies and the various community responses to them inundated the inboxes of students, faculty members, staff members and alums.
In an email to community members a few hours after the first email was sent, Vice President for Computing and Information Services and University CIO Ravi Pendse wrote that the emails were a result of a mailing list configuration error. He added that an internal investigation showed there was no reason to believe malware or any other virus or hack played any role in the emails.
Five initial messages comprised some short code of insignificance, but the responses to those first messages – both in support tickets to IT services and in direct responses to the chains themselves – were shared with the entire email listserv, creating a digital echo chamber of confusion.
“Were we hacked again?” one respondent wrote in the chain after a batch of emails. “Does anyone know some good Italian restaurants in New Jersey?” another aptly responded.
As emails started to pile up, community members replied to the chains with questions and concern, some worried about a potential compromise of the University's Information Services. But because many sent their responses to all members included in the email chains, the tumult of digital correspondence was only exacerbated.
“Regular Brown undergraduate student here,” a student wrote, “everybody is reading these messages on the entire listserv.” Some responses were more direct.
“There are several thousand people included in this email,” one student wrote. “For the love of all that is good in this world, don't reply all.” “Sanity appears to have been lost,” another lamented.
“I sincerely regret the distress that this has caused,” Pendse wrote. “Please accept our apologies for this incident, and know that we are making changes to ensure that this does not happen in the future.”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The incident happened at about at 12.50 GMT at Murlough Bay on Monday
A man in his twenties has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in County Antrim.
The incident happened at about at 12.50 GMT at Murlough Bay on Monday.
The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service (NIAS) said the patient was in an inaccessible place and that the coastguard was called to assist.
He was taken to the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast with suspected rib and pelvic injuries, the coastguard said.
Ballycastle and Coleraine Coastguard Rescue teams also attended.
As I watched news coverage of white extremists marching across the University of Virginia on Friday night, I took to social media to be in community with others who were also angry and frustrated by the racist display.
What I did not expect to see on my timeline were flurries of messages criticizing Black students for choosing to attend the Historically White Institution (HWI) and not a Historically Black College or University (HBCU).
This is not the first time this type of criticism has arisen: it happens virtually any time a racist event occurs on a white campus. So, to anyone who thinks taunting Black students for the racist events that happen at HWIs is reasonable, then you underestimate how white supremacy has infiltrated your thinking.
Let's get one thing clear: yes, I am a Black alumna that attended an HWI; a few, in fact. Yet, I have no intention of excusing white colleges of their racist histories, nor do I adhere to the lie that they are somehow superior to HBCUs. HWIs are regarded with higher value because white supremacy ensured their institutional development through public and private investments, appropriations, and grants.
when people turn what's happening at UVA into a pwi vs hbcu debate I gtg pic.twitter.com/VN9MEtGwZp — sarah (@sdobson100) August 12, 2017
Research about college choice among Black students shows that students who choose an HBCU are influenced by personal relationships, college reputation, and seeking to affirm one's Black identity.[i] Yet, we cannot vilify Black students who choose to attend another type of institution for these very same reasons.
In fact, many Black students choose their colleges based on geographical vicinity and affordability, which can be barriers to attending an HBCU. Critiquing Black student college choice disregards the fact that Black students are increasingly: enrolled part-time, parents or caretakers, work full-time, international, and 24 years or older.
Black students largely pursue postsecondary education at Predominantly Black Institutions, community colleges, regional colleges, for-profit institutions, and open-access colleges.
By the way, some HBCUs do not have the resources to make expensive recruitment trips across the country, especially to states where HBCUs do not exist.
Black students exist AND THRIVE here. We've made #BlackExcellence a @UVA tradition since 1969. Google us. https://t.co/TGCp3KOrqU — BSA @ UVA (@BSAatUVA) August 12, 2017
The histories of Black students at HWIs and HBCUs have been inextricably linked long before desegregation and affirmative action. Rather than establishing professional and graduate education at HBCUs, many Southern states established out-of-state scholarships to (intentionally) send Black students away.
In the case of Maryland, for example, Black students who wished to pursue law could not do so at then-named Morgan College or Princess Anne Academy, the state's Black land-grant institution. As a result, Black college graduates enrolled at HWIs.
The idea — “if all Black students only attended HBCUs” — uncomfortably aligns with proponents of racially segregated schooling, an institution that is rooted in white supremacy.
While it is great to imagine a world where we can adequately support and grow Black colleges by redistributing enrollments to Black colleges, this ignores the fact that 1) colleges aren't grown solely by revenue from student tuition; and 2) institutional capacity, including housing and food services, student support services, faculty, and staff, does not grow overnight, and sudden demand for increased capacity could be detrimental to campus environments.
If your response to this horrific display of racism + terrorism at UVA is "you should've went to an HBCU" you need to reevaluate your life. — Negrita (@HustleAndFro_) August 13, 2017
History has already taught us a vital lesson: when left to the influence of white supremacy, separate will never mean equal.
All Black educated folks need to stop reinforcing white supremacist ideas of who Black students in American higher education are, or should be, by vilifying the choices they make to obtain the degrees that will help them earn higher wages and economic stability.
HBCUs are not exempt from the infiltration of white supremacy. HBCUs cannot protect students from white supremacy. HBCUs exist and survive by white supremacist educational policies.
There is no denying the political rhetoric that devalues HBCUs. It is wrong. The Black middle-class would not exist without the work and investment of HBCUs into Black students. However, elevating Black colleges does not have to come at the expense of shaming Black students who must endure racist campus climates, microaggressions by faculty, staff, and students, and now, white extremist mobs on campus.
Betsey Johnson finally feels like she's 'not the joke anymore' “I'm saving as much as I can,” the designer told us of her exquisite fashion vault. “My daughter and granddaughter are in all my stuff.
Betsey Johnson helps NYC kids get ready for prom Johnson teamed up with TLC's "Say Yes to the Prom" initiative to give nearly 100 underserved and academically high-achieving students head-to-toe looks for prom.
Betsey Johnson drops $32K a year on her hair She flies over a hair guru named “Andrew” from London four times a year.
Live in style at Betsy Johnson's UES apartment Fashion icon Betsey Johnson has listed her Upper East Side apartment for $2.25 million. The one-bedroom, two-bathroom corner condo at 30 E. 85th St., between Fifth and Madison avenues, measures...
Betsey Johnson to be honored with lifetime achievement award The Council of Fashion Designers of America is presenting the award in June.
Fashion scion Lulu Johnson selling UES condo for $5.5M Lulu Johnson, daughter of creative, cart-wheeling designer Betsey Johnson, is listing her Upper East Side abode for $5.5 million. The four-bedroom, three-bathroom condo at 30 E. 85th St. is in...
Stars in the fight against breast cancer These celebs are thinking pink this October for Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
Betsey Johnson gives us a sneak peek of her turn on ‘DWTS' Betsey Johnson has been pulling some serious double duty recently as she geared up for both her New York Fashion Week show — and for the new season of “Dancing...
Tony Luong/The New York Times/Redux (photograph) and Joel Holland for Reader's Digest (hand lettering)The vast majority of people give no thought to the dictionary: It merely is, like the universe. To one group of people, the dictionary was handed to humanity ex coeli, a hallowed tome of truth and wisdom as infallible as God. To another group of people, the dictionary is a thing you picked up in the bargain bin, paperback and on sale for a dollar, because you felt that an adult should own a dictionary. Neither group realizes that the dictionary, whether online or leather-clad, is a human document, constantly being compiled, proofread, and updated by actual, living, awkward people.
In what is euphemistically known as a “transitional neighborhood” (drug deals occasionally happen in the parking lot, and there are bullet holes in the safety glass at the back of the building) in Springfield, Massachusetts, there are a couple dozen people who spend their workweek doing nothing but writing dictionary definitions—for Merriam-Webster, to be ­exact—sifting the language, categorizing it, describing it, alphabetizing it. (This word has the most definitions in the entire dictionary.) They are word nerds who spend the better parts of their lives thinking deeply about adverbs and slowly, inexorably going blind. They are lexicographers. This is the song of my people.
At Merriam-Webster, there are only two formal requirements to be a lexicographer: You must have a degree in any field from an accredited four-year college or university, and you must be a native speaker of English.
People are surprised (and perhaps slightly appalled) to hear that we don't require lexicographers to be linguists or English majors. The reality is that a diverse group of drudges will yield better definitions. Most lexicographers are “general definers”; that is, they define all sorts of words from all subject areas, from knitting to military history to hot-rodding. And while you don't need expertise in every field conceivable in order to define the vocabulary used in that field, there are some fields whose lexicon is a little more opaque than others.
Consequently, we have a minyan of English and linguistics majors on staff, but we also have economists, scientists of every stripe, historians, philosophers, poets, artists, ­mathematicians, international business majors, and enough medievalists to staff a ­Re­naissance Faire.
We require that our lexicographers be native speakers of English for a very practical reason: That's the language we focus on, and you need mastery over all its idioms and expressions. It is a sad reality that in your daily work as a lexicographer, you will read some good writing and a lot of mediocre and terrible writing. You need to be able to know, without being told, that “the cat are yowling” is not grammatically correct whereas “the crowd are loving it” is just very British. (These are the grammar rules you didn't know you've been breaking.)
There are some additional unmeasurable and unstated requirements to be a lexicographer. First and foremost, you must be possessed of something called sprachgefühl, a German word we've stolen into English that means “a feeling for language.”
Content continues below ad
Sprachgefühl is a slippery eel, the odd buzzing in your brain that tells you that “planting the lettuce” and “planting misinformation” are different uses of plant, the eye twitch that tells you that “plans to demo the store” refers not to a friendly instructional stroll on how to shop but to a little exuberance with a sledge­hammer. Not everyone has sprachgefühl, and you don't know if you are possessed of it until you are knee-deep in the English language, trying your best to navigate the mucky swamp of it. I use “possessed of” advisedly: You will never have sprach­gefühl, but rather sprachgefühl will have you, like a Teutonic imp that settles itself at the base of your skull and hammers at your head every time you read something like “crispy-fried rice” on a menu. The imp will dig its nails into your brain, and instead of ordering take-out Chinese, you will be frozen at the take-out counter, wondering if “crispy-fried rice” refers to plain rice that has been flash fried or to the dish known as “fried rice” but perhaps prepared in a new and exciting way. That hyphen, you think, could just be slapdash misuse, or … And your Teutonic imp giggles and squeezes its claws a little harder.
You must also be temperamentally suited to sitting in near silence for eight hours a day and working entirely alone. There will be other people in the office—you will hear them shuffling papers and muttering to ­themselves—but you will have almost no contact with them. In fact, you are warned of this over and over again.
Tony Luong/The New York Times/ReduxWhen I interviewed for my first job, as editorial assistant, I met with Fred Mish, Merriam-Webster's then-­editor-in-chief. He cast an eye over my résumé and asked with some incredulity if I enjoyed interacting with people, because if I did, then I should understand this job promised nothing of the sort. “Office chitchat of the sort you're likely used to,” he grumped, “is not conducive to good lexicography and doesn't happen.”
Emily Brewster, who has been an editor at Merriam-Webster for more than 15 years, sums up the secret longing of every lexicographer: “Yes, this is what I want to do. I want to sit alone in a cubicle all day and think about words and not really talk to anybody else. That sounds great!”
There's a good reason for the quiet. Lexicography is an intermingling of science and art, and both require a commitment to silent concentration. Your job as a definer is to find the exact right words to describe a word's meaning, and that takes some serious brain wringing. (Use these funny words to improve your own vocabulary.) Measly, for example, is often used to mean “small,” and you could get away with simply defining it as such and moving on. But there's a particular kind of smallness to measly that isn't the same sort of smallness associated with the word teeny. Measly implies a sort of grudging, grubbing smallness, a miserly meagerness, and so as a definer you begin wandering the highways and byways of English looking for the right word to describe the peculiar smallness of measly. There is nothing worse than being just a syllable's length away from the perfect, Platonic ideal of the definition for measly, being able to see it crouching in the shadows of your mind, only to have it skitter away when your coworker begins a long and loud conversation that touches on the new coffee filters. (Measly is defined in the Collegiate Dictionary, 11th Edition, as “contemptibly small.” Brewster thinks it might be the best definition in the whole book.)
Content continues below ad
There is actually a third personality quirk required to do lexicography: the ability to quietly do the same task until the universe collapses in on itself like a soufflé in a windstorm. It's not just that defining itself is repetitive; it's that the project timelines in lexicography are traditionally so long they could reasonably be measured in geologic epochs. Our last printed unabridged dictionary, Webster's Third New International, took a staff of almost 100 editors and 202 outside consultants 12 years to write.
Lexicography moves so slowly that scientists classify it as a solid. When you finish defining, you must copyedit; when you finish copyediting, you must proofread; when you finish proofreading, you must proofread again, because there were changes and we need to double-check.
The process is magical, frustrating, brain wrenching, mundane, transcendent. You must set aside your own linguistic prejudices about what makes a word worthy or beautiful to tell the truth about language. It is ultimately a show of love for a language that has been called unlovely and unlovable. When a dictionary does surface, there is no grand party or celebration. (Too loud, too social.) We're already working on the next update, because language has moved on. There will never be a break. A dictionary is out of date the minute that it's done.
Buy Kory Stamper's book, Word By Word. Courtesy penguin random house
Twin Shadow, “Caer” (Warner Bros./Reprise)
For someone who was likely only in the first or second grade when the 1980s ended, George Lewis Jr. seems to have been powerfully affected by that decade's sonic landscape.
Lewis, whose stage name is Twin Shadow, has embraced drum machines, synths and the wild earnestness of '80s pop. It got away from him on his 2015 album “Eclipse,” an over-the-top, slow burning collection of pure bombast.
Twin Shadow has toned it down on his new fourth album, “Caer,” but it's never far, lurking. The album, titled after the Spanish word for “to fall,” is always one flourish away from falling into disaster. It's a mixed bag but one that clearly shows growth and a way out of the shadows.
“Brace,” featuring Rainsford, with its throwback spacy keyboard, is easily the album's outstanding track, a perfect collision of the songwriter's influences. It's rooted in the '80s but still sounds fresh, adding a guitar solo and name-checking Tom Petty.
“Saturdays,” with the ladies from Haim stopping by to add their positively sunny sound, feels like it could play during the end credits of a John Hughes movie. It's a winner. But the flatulent “18 Years” ultimately fails, sounding like a cut that didn't make the “Say Anything” soundtrack.
The tender “Little Woman” gets overwhelmed by production elements, a frequent issue that pops up on “Caer.” Many songs try too hard to be weighty and sound like they've been arranged for an Andrew Lloyd Webber musical.
The album's cover image is unintentionally apt. It shows someone covering their face with their hands, as if acknowledging they've wasted a chance. “I'm too mixed up,” Twin Shadow warns us on the album, and you believe him.
Even the spare and pretty interlude “Twins Theme” is marred by clumsy rain sounds. And why halfway through “Obvious People” does the song warp and the vocals sped up, resembling Chipmunks?
Twin Shadow is listed as the producer or co-producer — as well as a mixer — on every song on the album. It might be time for him to relinquish some control or he's going to keep free falling like Tom Petty.
————
Mark Kennedy is at http://twitter.com/KennedyTwits
The reality star-turned-model got called out for supposedly not leaving a tip at Williamsburg's Baby's All Right last week.
Joshua Fancher after being sworn in as an Orange City police officer on Dec. 21. Orange City Police Department via Facebook
FARMVILLE, Va. — Scottie James scored 26 points and grabbed nine rebounds and Liberty notched its third-straight win, downing Longwood 67-55 on Saturday.
Lovell Cabbil added 10 points and four rebounds for the Flames (15-10, 6-6 Big South). Caleb Homesley scored nine points with four assists and five steals and led the team with 10 rebounds.
A 3-point play by James capped a 12-5 start for the Flames. Cabbil sank a 3-pointer and Ezra Talbert made a dunk in the final 34 seconds to give them a 32-26 edge at halftime.
Liberty led throughout the second half and James hit a jumper and a layup back-to-back early to help stretch it to 42-26 with 15:36 to play. Later, Cabbil and James traded 3-pointers for a 59-45 advantage with 3:41 left.
Isaiah Walton scored 20 points on five 3-pointers to lead the Lancers (6-19, 3-9) who have lost six straight.
We take a look at some of the important numbers of Louisville basketball's next opponent in the Notre Dame Fighting Irish.
The Louisville basketball team will stay in the state of Indiana for their next game against the Notre Dame Fighting Irish on Wednesday night. The Cards bounced back from their tough loss to Virginia by knocking off the Indiana Hoosiers on Saturday in front of a very pro-IU crowd in Bankers Life Fieldhouse.
Notre Dame presents the Cardinals' fourth tough opponent in a row. However, Louisville has already beaten Kentucky, lost to Virginia, and beat Indiana in their previous three contests.
Like all games, the Fighting Irish will present a different task for the Cards to try to overcome on the road.
Take a look at some of the numbers of Notre Dame basketball this season, courtesy of the ACC's official statistics website:
83.2 points per game (4th in ACC)
66.2 points allowed per game (7th in ACC)
.841 free throw percentage (1st in ACC)
.477 field goal percentage (6th in ACC)
.396 three point percentage (3rd in ACC)
18.6 assists per game (1st in ACC)
Probably the best news that Louisville fans want to hear isn't even on that list of statistics. Notre Dame has played two ranked opponents this season and have lost to both.
The Fighting Irish lost to #1 Villanova 74-66 and #15 Purdue 86-81.
If we're just looking at head-to-head comparisons here, the Cardinals were able to beat the Boilermakers at home a couple weeks ago, whereas the Irish weren't able to get the job done after almost beating Villanova the game before.
Notre Dame can score, but they also have a bad habit of not dominating the boards. If the Cardinals can establish their bigs in the paint, early in the basketball game, I expect Pitino's squad to come out with a huge road victory.
More from Big Red Louie
This article originally appeared on
You don't give a succinct, accurate summary of your symptoms Syda-Productions/Shutterstock An ER doctor doesn't have the time to listen to all your health problems from the time you were born. They have a waiting room packed with patients and often not enough doctors to go around; don't encourage them to rush to a potential misdiagnosis by keeping your health history short and sweet. “Patients have to understand that doctors need a simple, fairly straightforward summary of the sequence of events that happened to them,” says David Newman-Toker, MD, PhD, Director of the Division of Neuro-Visual & Vestibular Disorders at Johns Hopkins Medicine in Baltimore, Maryland. Simply tell them what brought you to the ER, and be as precise and chronological as possible in your description. An ER doctor doesn't have the time to listen to all your health problems from the time you were born. They have a waiting room packed with patients and often not enough doctors to go around; don't encourage them to rush to a potential misdiagnosis by keeping your health history short and sweet. “Patients have to understand that doctors need a simple, fairly straightforward summary of the sequence of events that happened to them,” says David Newman-Toker, MD, PhD, Director of the Division of Neuro-Visual & Vestibular Disorders at Johns Hopkins Medicine in Baltimore, Maryland. Simply tell them what brought you to the ER, and be as precise and chronological as possible in your description. Doctors confess other ways patients can screw up in the ER
You don't keep a health journal Rawpixel.com/Shutterstock The moment you start feeling unwell or experiencing unusual aches and pains, write it down. Documenting the symptom and frequency not only gives you an accurate health summary to tell the doctor, but also helps them get a clear picture so they can properly diagnose you. “Pay attention to patterns,” says Nicole Franks, MD, Chief Quality Officer at Emory University Hospital Midtown in Emory, Texas. “Often when a patient presents with a problem and there's no clear explanation, there's an acknowledgement that something's going on but it may not be identified.” The moment you start feeling unwell or experiencing unusual aches and pains, write it down. Documenting the symptom and frequency not only gives you an accurate health summary to tell the doctor, but also helps them get a clear picture so they can properly diagnose you. “Pay attention to patterns,” says Nicole Franks, MD, Chief Quality Officer at Emory University Hospital Midtown in Emory, Texas. “Often when a patient presents with a problem and there's no clear explanation, there's an acknowledgement that something's going on but it may not be identified.” You can also use a fitness tracker to help keep tabs on your health
You don't know your medical history Piotr-Latacha/Shutterstock Meeting an ER physician for the first time is like going on a blind date; neither of you know anything about the other, including your medical history. Make sure to alert the ER doc to any similar health experiences in the past, current health conditions (including blood sugar levels if you have diabetes or blood pressure and cholesterol numbers if you struggle with those), and relevant family health history. Giving the ER doctor a sneak peek into your medical history plays a role in helping them establish a basis for a correct diagnosis. “The best thing that you can do is be honest and forthcoming about what is going on with your health, be a good participant, and answer questions,” says Dr. Franks. “Decision-making is only as good as the information that is presented.” Meeting an ER physician for the first time is like going on a blind date; neither of you know anything about the other, including your medical history. Make sure to alert the ER doc to any similar health experiences in the past, current health conditions (including blood sugar levels if you have diabetes or blood pressure and cholesterol numbers if you struggle with those), and relevant family health history. Giving the ER doctor a sneak peek into your medical history plays a role in helping them establish a basis for a correct diagnosis. “The best thing that you can do is be honest and forthcoming about what is going on with your health, be a good participant, and answer questions,” says Dr. Franks. “Decision-making is only as good as the information that is presented.” Cooperation and speaking up are a few other ways to help you get an accurate diagnosis
Content continues below ad
You don't keep a list of medications Billion-Photos Keep a medications list in your wallet or on your phone, and include what they are for so the doctor can gauge what kind of health issues you have and make sure they don't prescribe anything that could interact with what you're currently taking. “People have to realize it's a limited time and I know nothing about you to try to deduce what's going on,” says Dr. Franks. “Any additional records, medications, allergies, response to medications, or any past history is helpful in coming to an appropriate reasonable decision.” Keep a medications list in your wallet or on your phone, and include what they are for so the doctor can gauge what kind of health issues you have and make sure they don't prescribe anything that could interact with what you're currently taking. “People have to realize it's a limited time and I know nothing about you to try to deduce what's going on,” says Dr. Franks. “Any additional records, medications, allergies, response to medications, or any past history is helpful in coming to an appropriate reasonable decision.” Here's how to organize your medicine cabinet
You don't ask the right questions Olena-Yakobchuk/Shutterstock It's perfectly acceptable to politely probe the doctor about the diagnosis you're handed. You are your own biggest health advocate, so don't be afraid to pick the doctor's brain for how they arrived at their conclusion. “Asking questions means something more than just asking questions in a general sense; be a bit intentionally skeptical,” says Dr. Newman-Toker. A sample of smart questions are, “Could this be something more serious? What symptoms should I look for if it is more serious? What is it about my symptoms or health situation that brought you to this diagnosis? I thought it was (insert health issue here), what do you think?” If you have a condition, research the questions you may want to ask. For example, t It's perfectly acceptable to politely probe the doctor about the diagnosis you're handed. You are your own biggest health advocate, so don't be afraid to pick the doctor's brain for how they arrived at their conclusion. “Asking questions means something more than just asking questions in a general sense; be a bit intentionally skeptical,” says Dr. Newman-Toker. A sample of smart questions are, “Could this be something more serious? What symptoms should I look for if it is more serious? What is it about my symptoms or health situation that brought you to this diagnosis? I thought it was (insert health issue here), what do you think?” If you have a condition, research the questions you may want to ask. For example, t hese are the types of questions every diabetes patient should ask their doctor
You're afraid to ask for clarity Andrei_R/Shutterstock There's no such thing as a dumb question when it comes to your health. It's easy for any patient to get lost in all the medical jargon, so speak up and ask your doctor to break it down for you. “Patients should ask questions about the diagnosis,” says Gordon Schiff, MD, primary care specialist at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts. “You should at least make sure you've heard it and understand it, or [have your doctor] explain it.” Also, be straight with your doctor: There's no point in There's no such thing as a dumb question when it comes to your health. It's easy for any patient to get lost in all the medical jargon, so speak up and ask your doctor to break it down for you. “Patients should ask questions about the diagnosis,” says Gordon Schiff, MD, primary care specialist at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts. “You should at least make sure you've heard it and understand it, or [have your doctor] explain it.” Also, be straight with your doctor: There's no point in lying to health professionals
Content continues below ad
You don't bring a loved one with you g-stockstudio/Shutterstock A trip to the ER is anything but a walk in the park. Bring a friend or family member with you to ease your worries. Even better, a loved one may mention a symptom you forgot or ask questions you never thought to. “If you bring somebody with you to the ER that cares about you, you bring a second set of eyes and ears that can [listen and] hear,” says Stephen Anderson, MD, Director of Stroke Services and Co-Chair of South King County MultiCare Health Foundation in Auburn, Washington. “Sometimes we don't remember what people say in times of stress.” A trip to the ER is anything but a walk in the park. Bring a friend or family member with you to ease your worries. Even better, a loved one may mention a symptom you forgot or ask questions you never thought to. “If you bring somebody with you to the ER that cares about you, you bring a second set of eyes and ears that can [listen and] hear,” says Stephen Anderson, MD, Director of Stroke Services and Co-Chair of South King County MultiCare Health Foundation in Auburn, Washington. “Sometimes we don't remember what people say in times of stress.”
You don't trust your gut Monkey-Business-Images/Shutterstock If you feel leery of your diagnosis, go with your instinct and get a second opinion. “I think patients' instincts about whether something doesn't add up are more often right than wrong,” says Dr. Newman-Toker. “Sometimes getting a fresh set of eyes a few days later is what makes the difference.” Your worries may be nothing more than a bad case of paranoia, but it's better to be safe than sorry. If you feel leery of your diagnosis, go with your instinct and get a second opinion. “I think patients' instincts about whether something doesn't add up are more often right than wrong,” says Dr. Newman-Toker. “Sometimes getting a fresh set of eyes a few days later is what makes the difference.” Your worries may be nothing more than a bad case of paranoia, but it's better to be safe than sorry. Look out for these body cues to determine if your doctor is actively listening to you
You don't follow up Branislav-Nenin/Shutterstock As a patient, you play a big role in acting as your own safety net against medical uncertainty. When you exit the emergency room, you should follow up with your primary care physician to discuss your diagnosis or visit with a specialist if the ER doctor recommended you see one. “If you see one provider who interprets it as one way and if it continues to happen, do not be dismissive,” says Dr. Franks. “Sometimes things present a little vague and it may take some time to declare itself, so you should pay attention to those subtleties and follow up with your primary care if something still feels off.”
As a patient, you play a big role in acting as your own safety net against medical uncertainty. When you exit the emergency room, you should follow up with your primary care physician to discuss your diagnosis or visit with a specialist if the ER doctor recommended you see one. “If you see one provider who interprets it as one way and if it continues to happen, do not be dismissive,” says Dr. Franks. “Sometimes things present a little vague and it may take some time to declare itself, so you should pay attention to those subtleties and follow up with your primary care if something still feels off.”
Content continues below ad
The final round of public consultation on a plan for how thousands of homes can be distributed across Forest Heath launches next week.
Residents and businesses will be asked if they consider a draft of the area's Local Plan to be ‘legal' and ‘sound'.
The document will give control over growth in Forest Heath's communities for the next 14 years including how 6,800 proposed homes can be distributed.
The consultation begins on Tuesday, January 10 and if no material changes are made to the plan, the final version will be submitted to the Planning Inspectorate in early March.
Examination in public could follow in May/June and the council could consider adopting the framework in December.
Cllr Lance Stanbury, Forest Heath cabinet member for planning and growth, said: “Residents and businesses throughout the district have been working with us over the last three years to deliver this Local Plan. It promises to give control over speculative development and a way forward for sustainable and cohesive growth in our communities. This is the final push and I urge those with an interest in the future of Forest Heath to get involved.”
From 10 January, residents can find out what the plan means in their neighbourhood by putting their postcode into the ‘Find my nearest' search on the Forest Heath website www.westsuffolk.gov.uk/findmynearest.
Answers to questions may be found at http://westsuffolk.jdi-consult.net/localplan. Online responses can also be made at this website.
Paper forms for written responses are available on request by emailing planning.policy@westsuffolk.gov.uk.
Information will also be available at drop-in events in:
n Mildenhall, from 4-7pm on Tuesday, January 17 at the council offices in College Heath Road;
n Lakenheath, from 4-7pm on Thursday, January 26 at the Brendan Fulham Centre in the High Street;
n Newmarket on Monday, January 30, from 4-7pm at the Town Council Offices in the High Street;
n Red Lodge on Thursday, February 2, from 4-7pm at Red Lodge Sports Pavilion, A Hundred Acre Way
n Brandon on Thursday, February 9, from 4-7pm at the Brandon Centre, Brandon Library.
A US Army Black Hawk helicopter crashed Monday on a Maryland golf course, killing one person and wounding two others, according to reports.
The chopper went down at the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in St. Mary's County, southeast of Washington, according to a secretary at the golf course.
Broadcastify, which carries live streams of emergency radio transmissions, quoted the county fire and rescue department as saying one person was confirmed dead and two other people required evacuation.
WJLA posted a video of the smoldering wreckage surrounded by rescuers after the helicopter crashed about 1:30 p.m. Two medevac helicopters were sent to the scene.
A worker at a pro shop said he witnessed the disaster.
Kevin Bowen said the chopper was “flying kind of low” before “spinning” and crashing between the third and fourth holes of the golf course.
With Post Wires
You may be tempted to go on a spree as your money situation improves over the next few months but don't get carried away. Pluto in the wealth area of your chart means you should give more thought to your long-term finances. In other words, start saving.
Lawsky's new bitcoin rules akin to 'spying' on users: critic Ben Lawsky is having a hard time winning over the bitcoin crowd. ShapeShift, a Switzerland-based exchange for digital currencies, slammed the outgoing Department of Financial Services superintendent over new regulations...
NY financial watchdog Ben Lawsky leaving to start firm Wall Street can breathe a little easier. Benjamin Lawsky, New York's top financial watchdog who earned a reputation as tough on big banks, will step down as head of the...
Lawsky targets banks with anti-money-laundering proposals Benjamin Lawsky is just getting warmed up. New York's top financial watchdog is targeting a slew of new proposals at big banks as part of a regulatory crusade that has...
Embattled Ocwen expects loss due to probe penalties Ocwen's financial pain is just beginning. The embattled mortgage servicer expects to record a loss for the fourth quarter and full year because of penalties and higher servicing costs, the...
Bitcoin supporters ask state for more time to weigh new rules Bitcoin backers want Benjamin Lawsky to slow down when it comes to regulating the controversial digital currency. The Bitcoin Foundation on Wednesday sent a letter to Lawsky, New York's top...
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - The Louisville Zoo is hosting a job fair for seasonal employees this weekend.
According to the zoo's website, applicants can apply on Saturday, January 7th, between 10 in the morning and two in the afternoon. This is the only day new candidates can apply.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM-
+ Dog rescued hours after fire, was believed to be dead
+ Baby bald eagle emerges from egg on livestream
+ FORECAST: Soggy start to 2017
The zoo says that they will not be accepting online applications for new hires. The window for returning employees to apply online has closed.
All applicants must be a minimum of 16 years old.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — Chris Simms spent a year working as a coaching assistant with the Patriots in 2012. Next to his desk there was a sign that read: “We're not collecting players. We're building a team.”
“I think that's where it all starts really,” Simms said of the Patriots' approach to building a roster. “New England follows the model a little of brains over brawn. They're not in the ‘we're going to take the best player available' and that crap. That makes no sense. When teams say that, I want to say, ‘OK.' Maybe on occasion once every 20 years, but you have to do what's best for your team going forward, positional fit.”
The Patriots are in the Super Bowl for the third time in four years and the eighth time since 2001. Much of the credit given to Bill Belichick is about his coaching genius, but the Patriots machine also is fueled by Belichick's other role as de facto general manager.
Belichick oversees a scouting system he first developed as head coach of the Browns and streamlined with the Patriots that ensures everyone working for New England knows exactly what kind of players the team is looking for.
When general manager Ernie Accorsi left the Browns after the 1992 season, Belichick tapped Mike Lombardi as his director of player personnel. They began to rethink how the team scouted. According to the book “War Room,” Belichick did not like how his college scouts spoke one language and his pro scouts spoke another. Belichick took parts of what he liked about how the Giants (where he spent 12 years as an assistant coach) scouted and then added his own twist on it, working with Lombardi, defensive coordinator Nick Saban, offensive assistant Ernie Adams and special teams coordinator Scott O'Brien to create a new scouting system.
“At the Giants, we had a system that was set up that there was some relevance to. But what we did in Cleveland was different than that,” Belichick said this week. “I learned a lot from being at the Giants for 12 years and how they approached the evaluation of players. In Cleveland we took things from being different angles — Mike's personnel angle, Nick had a lot of input defensively. I had a lot of input in the whole process. Scott on special teams. Ernie on offense.
“We took a lot of those grading principles and tried to put them all together and rewrote the scouting book, the grading book in Cleveland and redid it again in 2000 when we came to New England.”
Belichick's greatest success when it comes to drafting is taking Tom Brady in the sixth round of the 2000 draft, of course. But look at the way Belichick has reinvented the roster over and over during Brady's time, from the Rodney Harrison/Tedy Bruschi defensive teams of the early 2000s to the Randy Moss-fueled offense of the late 2000s to the current version, with Rob Gronkowski leading Brady's supporting cast.
The team that plays Sunday has 18 undrafted free agents, a defense with seven key players who joined the team this year and an offense that has just one starter who was a Patriots first-round pick.
“The scouting that goes on in New England is unlike any other,” Simms said. “It's so scrutinized, whether it's how many tapes you make about the players, the in-depth report on personality, the research they do behind the scenes to know if there are any personal issues, all of that goes into the system, is what you'd call it in New England. There is no stone unturned.
“They find guys that fit their system. They're not worried about if they are the best guy out there. They want the guy that fits what they want to do.”
Most teams have a constant battle between the front office and the coaching staff. General managers want their draft picks to play. Coaches want to play who they like. Ironically enough it was a Patriots coach who summed this up best when Bill Parcells said he should be able to buy the groceries if he had to cook the meal. Patriots owner Robert Kraft got the message, and Belichick is now in charge of everything.
“Nick Caserio is basically the GM, but he's an extension of Bill,” Simms said. “Bill's taught him how to evaluate players. Nick, Josh [McDaniels], Matt Patricia, they like grew up in the New England system so they know exactly what he's looking for. At the end of the day, Bill's going to make the call. I know there are times when the personnel guys up there are like, ‘Damn, I think this guy was better.' But you're going to go with it. You're not going to argue with Bill.”
Entertainment power couple selling UWS pied-a-terre Hollywood power couple Terence and Rachel Winter have put their chic Upper West Side pied-a-terre on the market for $1.29 million. Terry Winter, the creator of “Boardwalk Empire,” was also...
Ex-Oscar nominee busted for DWI with son in his car: cops An Oscar-nominated cinematographer was arrested for driving drunk — with his 10-year-old son in the car — in Brooklyn on Monday, police said. Stuart Dryburgh, 63, crashed his 2014 BMW...
New York is bribing film and TV companies to film here And the winner is . . . “Boardwalk Empire.” No, the HBO production didn't win an Emmy for best TV series. But the show cleaned up in Gov. Cuomo's tax-giveaway sweepstakes, new figures...
Where you can find the ‘Boardwalk Empire' stars after Sunday's finale Sunday night, we'll say goodbye to Nucky Thompson and company with the finale of HBO's “Boardwalk Empire,” ending after four seasons. But most of the cast won't be off the...
'Walking Dead' premiere breaks cable ratings record There's no stopping “The Walking Dead” juggernaut. The zombie-apocalypse series, which shattered AMC records by drawing over 17 million viewers in its Oct. 12 season premiere, added another 5 million...
Meet the stars who've played religious icons Hunky “Boardwalk Empire” star Jack Huston has been cast as Ben-Hur in a remake of the 1959 epic, which landed Charlton Heston an Oscar. The grandson of legendary film director...
8 things to watch this week 1. The Knick (Friday, 10 p.m., Cinemax) Barrow (Jeremy Bobb) looks to pay off a debt by treating one of gangster Collier's (Danny Hoch) wounded men at the Knick, and...
Buscemi doc tracks the lives of New York City firefighters Long before he was the star of HBO's “Boardwalk Empire,” Steve Buscemi was a New York City firefighter. Though he only had the gig for four years, he remained committed...
Couple who lost dream boat set sail again with a new vessel They've got the wind back in their sails. The Colorado couple who sold their worldly possessions to pay for their dream of sailing the ocean blue — only to have...
Man dies boating with girlfriend when vessel capsizes PORT ANGELES, Wash. — A Clallam County man died near Deep Creek after the boat he and his girlfriend were in capsized. The Peninsula Daily News reports that Sgt. John...
Low tide in Venice grounds all gondolas Gondolas are stucked along the Grand Canal near Rialto bridge because of an exceptional low tide in Venice, Italy. An exceptional low tide affected Venice creating problems in transport and...
How a Jersey teen stowaway became an international celebrity A few minutes past 4 a.m. on Aug. 25, 1928, 17-year-old Billy Gawronski dove into the Hudson River and swam out to board a ship called the City of New...
Tugboat explosion kills 3, leaves several others injured An explosion rocked a tugboat while it was docked for repairs in Kentucky, killing three people and injuring several others Friday, authorities said. Work was being done on the vessel...
Navy at a crossroads after string of deadly disasters The sailors were likely asleep when the water rushed in. Just 30 seconds earlier, officers overseeing the steering of the USS Fitzgerald had put their ship directly in the path...
Casino boat fire victim dies after going home At least one woman was dead after a casino shuttle boat went up in flames Sunday afternoon in the Gulf of Mexico off Florida — forcing more than 50 passengers...
Casino boat catches fire with 50 passengers aboard TAMPA, Fla. — Florida authorities say a casino venture's shuttle boat caught fire and all 50 passengers safely made it to the nearby shore after a rescue operation in the...
Discovery on Blackbeard's ship reveals what pirates read at sea Hollywood has had a love affair with pirates for a long, long time, but no matter how many swashbuckling tales you've seen on the silver screen, you've probably never bothered...
The last few days before his eviction date could not be more awkward for the upstate deadbeat who is being tossed from his parents' house, because, he says, they are spending the time torturing him with their strongest weapon — small talk.
“I think it's really harassing, honestly,” Michael Rotondo, 30, groused to The Post on Wednesday.
“You throw me out of the house. You're not going to give me more time. Why would you continue to try to talk to me? I'm not interested in doing that.”
Rotondo is under court order to vacate the Syracuse-area home of Christina and Mark Rotondo by noon on Friday.
The slacker said he's packed 80 percent of his belongings — mostly books, computer equipment and legal papers — by chucking it into boxes.
“I had recently helped a friend move, so I know how to take a pile of junk and just put into a box, which is what I did,” he explained. “You just throw everything into a box and just worry about it later.”
The jobless Rotondo earned $3,000 last week by appearing on conspiracy-theorist Alex Jones' radio show in Austin, Texas.
That money, he said, will keep him afloat for the next few months.
Rotondo said he was diagnosed in 2007 with paranoid schizophrenia but stopped taking his medication because he doesn't believe he's mentally ill.
“They're always telling me I need help, but they're the ones causing the problem,” he said of his parents.
Could Patriots bring in Chip Kelly for playoffs, make him next OC?
The San Francisco 49ers announced on Sunday night that they have fired head coach Chip Kelly, but could he still land a job working for a team during the postseason?
Ben Volin of the Boston Globe wondered out loud on Monday if the Patriots will bring in Kelly as an offensive assistant for the playoffs. And if offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels leaves to take a head coaching job after the season, Kelly could potentially step in to fill his role.
Daboll is the obvious internal hire. But have to wonder if Belichick will try to bring in Chip Kelly https://t.co/vq8vphl0vW — Ben Volin (@BenVolin) January 2, 2017
In fact, Pats should bring in Chip Kelly now as an offensive assistant for the playoffs, like they did with McDaniels in 2011-12 playoffs — Ben Volin (@BenVolin) January 2, 2017
As Volin noted, the Patriots did the same thing with McDaniels back in 2012. Then-offensive coordinator Bill O'Brien had taken a job as the head coach at Penn State, and New England brought in McDaniels for the playoffs and eventually gave him his old job back.
We all know how much Bill Belichick hates distractions, so the prospect of being repeatedly asked about Kelly may deter him from making the move. It's also possible that Belichick doesn't think Kelly could help the team at this juncture.
That said, Belichick and Kelly have always had a mutual respect for one another, despite the sarcastic comment Chip made earlier this year about their friendship. Belichick was about as candid as you will ever hear him when he defended Kelly following the coach's dismissal from the Philadelphia Eagles. It wouldn't be shocking to see the two working together at some point.
To the New York City Police Department and Medical Examiner's Office, he was John Simon Ritchie, a 22-year-old Englishman under indictment for murder but now dead of a heroin overdose in a Greenwich Village apartment. To the rest of the world, he was Sid Vicious, former bassist for the notorious Sex Pistols and the living embodiment of everything punk rock stood for and against. His death, which likely came as a surprise to very few, came on this day in 1979.
Sid Vicious was the last member to join the Sex Pistols, taking over for fired bassist Glen Matlock in early 1977. What he famously did not bring to the table was musical ability. Vicious faked his way through early gigs with the band, reportedly with his amplifier occasionally unplugged on stage by his own band mates. What he didn't have to fake was the attitude. Sid Vicious was the perfect living embodiment of the punk esthetic, a street kid who really did walk around London with a swastika on his chest, a padlocked chain around his neck and a gigantic chip on his shoulder. As his good friend the critic and author Alan Jones put it, “Sid, on image alone, is what all punk rests on.”
Seven months into his tenure as a Sex Pistol, Sid Vicious was introduced to a troubled American girl on the London punk scene named Nancy Spungen. Almost immediately, they began a relationship that led to both of their deaths. By all reports, they were very much in love, but their shared heroin addiction led to repeated instances of violence between them. Sid's addiction may have hastened the dissolution of the Sex Pistols midway through their first U.S. tour in January 1978, and it certainly contributed to the still mysterious events surrounding Nancy's death by stabbing on October 12 of that same year in the Chelsea Hotel room she shared with Vicious in New York City.
Freed on bail after his arrest for the Spungen murder, Sid landed himself back in jail in December 1978 for assaulting Patti Smith's brother in a bar with a broken bottle. After seven weeks of detention and detox in the Rikers Island jail, Vicious made bail again on February 1, 1979. Late that same night, at a party, he would put heroin into his system that the Medical Examiner would later estimate to have been 80% pure. Sid Vicious died in the early morning hours of February 2, 1979.
Source: www.history.com
Industrial orders in Germany, a key indicator of the health of Europe's biggest economy, jumped in August, driven by strong overseas demand for German-made goods, data showed on October 6.
German industrial orders climbed by 3.6% in August from July, after falling by 0.4% the previous month, the federal statistics authority, Destatis, said.
While domestic demand was robust, with orders from German customers rising by 2.7%, export demand was even stronger, with overseas orders expanding by as much as 4.3 %, Destatis said.
Orders from Germany's eurozone neighbors slipped by 1%, but orders from the rest of the world jumped by 7.7%.
The performance beat analysts' expectations, adding to a picture that suggests growth in the German economy may not slow down as much as many observers expected for the second half of the year.
"The strong August figure all of a sudden made a rather weak first eight months of the year a strong year for new orders," said ING Diba bank analyst, Carsten Brzeski.
"German industry looks all set to end the year at maximum speed."
Copyright Agence France-Presse, 2017
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) – The Richmond division of the FBI will host its second annual Youth Academy this summer to give teens a comprehensive look at today's FBI. The two-day program will be held in July at the FBI's Richmond field office. Students may be offered case studies drawn from resolved cases, but will not be exposed to active cases or day-to-day investigations. The program is open to Virginia high school students who are juniors or seniors during the 2018-2019 academic year.Students interesting in participating must have parental approval and maintain a grade point average of 2.5 or higher. The deadline to apply is May 7.
The Labour MP, and presenter of Radio 4 series The Death of Illegitimacy, kept her family roots a secret – but now she's proud…
I was born to a 17-year-old single mother. When I was two-and-a-half, my mum married. For the first ten years of my life, I had no idea I was illegitimate. I assumed, wrongly, that Flint was my natural surname.
Advertisement
My mum was the centre of my world, and Nanny and Grandad Beasley were ever present. I'd toddle around their pub, the Jolly Blacksmith in Twickenham, and, later, sit guarding the penny sweets in their Wandsworth newsagents, which still bears their name today.
I'd no idea then how strong they were to stand by their teenage daughter Wendy, in 1961, and keep me close. I recall, at the age of ten, rummaging through a box of old photos and documents under a bed and the horror of finding an adoption certificate.
Doubts and questions coursed through me, as I thought, mistakenly, that I was adopted by both my mum and the man I knew as Dad.
It turned out Flint was my adopted surname. I was born Caroline Louise Beasley. So I was illegitimate, misbegotten, born out of wedlock. In my case, I never discovered who my father was.
The questions lingered. Who was I? Why did my mum keep me? Would her life have been better if she'd made a different choice?
I was drawn to work on The Death of Illegitimacy for Radio 4's Archive on 4, because illegitimacy appeared time and again in my family's history.
In the hundred years up to my birth, five women gave birth to illegitimate children. Today, around half of children in the UK are born to parents who are not married or in a civil partnership.
Clearly, there's no stigma or fear of becoming a social outcast. It was not always so. In times past, society decided the fate of the child disowned by its father.
The big turning point was the introduction of parish registers and the Poor Law in the 16th century. As social historian Jane Robinson told me, as soon as parishioners had to pay for the upkeep of illegitimate children, attitudes hardened. Illegitimacy became not just a moral problem but an economic problem.
For many young mothers, the workhouse, like the one in Wandsworth I visited, built at the start of Queen Victoria's reign, was the only option. Others were forced to give up their children for adoption, often by homes like the notorious Catholic Magdalene Laundries or Church of England-run institutions.
Society could be unforgiving to wayward girls. It was heartbreaking to listen back to archive footage of young girls, woefully naive about sex, their children given or taken away because they were bastards. No two stories were the same, but powerlessness was common, and sadness, guilt, anger haunted parent and child for years.
Community attitudes to illegitimacy have not been straightforward over the centuries, and varied according to your status. I heard of 18th century accounts among the rural working classes of families encouraging courting couples to “try before they buy”. Sex before marriage was part of the ritual of courtship; supervised, permitted love-making known as “bundling”.
If the couple weren't compatible, they went their separate ways. If the girl became pregnant, a marriage would follow without any stigma or concern.
The aristocracy is littered with bastards, claimed as an asset to ensure dynastic succession. From the Stuart era, the term Fitz was added to a surname to indicate illegitimacy. Fitzroy meant fils du roi, son of the king, Fitzjames – son of King James and so on.
Labelled? Yes. Legitimate? Certainly not.
One of the heroes of this programme is Lettice Fisher, who, at the end of the First World War, courageously set up the National Council for the Unmarried Mother and Her Child – forerunner of the single-parent charity Gingerbread – this year celebrating its 100th anniversary.
Within eight years her campaigning led to the Legitimacy Act, which meant a child's illegitimacy could be erased by marriage.
The law is one thing, attitudes another. I met author Martina Cole, an ambassador for Gingerbread, who in the 1970s fell pregnant aged 18. Martina found herself shunned by neighbours and refused credit by shopkeepers.
Attitudes have changed. We don't send away our “errant daughters” . Illegitimate children are not stigmatised. But even among confident, feminist women, like my fellow MP Jess Phillips, who found out she was pregnant with her first baby just a month after meeting her boyfriend, illegitimacy has left an impression.
This desire for security and approval may go some way to explain why marriage has never been more popular, even if many more people live together in a modern version of “try before they buy”.
I know that for me illegitimacy left a mark. For years, even as an MP, I wouldn't talk about being a bastard; the daughter of the teenage Wendy Beasley. So many MPs appeared to come from perfect homes, with impressive connections and endless confidence.
For years, I kept my story to myself. I feel more confident now, but from those bearing witness in this programme, I learnt that, even today, illegitimacy is not nothing. Perhaps because, deep down, we all want to be accepted. To have a happy ending.
Advertisement
Archive on 4: The Death of Illegitimacy is on Saturday 8.00pm Radio 4
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
A district attorney in Oregon will review a case involving an uncooperative jail inmate who was bitten by a sheriff's patrol dog after disturbing body camera footage of the attack was released.
Columbia County Sheriff Jeff Dickerson told The Oregonian that his department's review of the August incident at the Columbia County Jail found that the use of force was justified and doesn't believe that any laws were broken, but said a “legal entity review” of the case is warranted.
“We don't want this to be seen as being done in a vacuum,” Dickerson told the newspaper. “Everything we do is an open book.”
The inmate, Christopher Bartlett, 47, was bitten by a 3-year-old Belgian Malinois named Lars after he became uncooperative when deputies tried to move him to another cell in a high-security unit on Aug. 1. After being warned by a deputy, the dog was released into Bartlett's cell, biting him on the left arm just above his elbow.
“Stop resisting,” Deputy Ryan Dews yells repeatedly as the dog is seen on body cam footage running into the cell. “Stop resisting! Relax!”
The dog then violently shakes Bartlett's arm as he cowers inside a cell with at least two deputies, the footage shows.
Dickerson admitted that the footage looks “horrendous” but insisted it was the “most humane” way to handle a violent inmate who refused to comply with orders. Dews later warned Bartlett that he “would get a bit again” if he continues to be uncooperative.
“You throw stuff, you threaten us, you get bit,” Dews said, according to the footage.
The incident was the first time Lars had been ordered to attack an inmate and is believed to be the only time an inmate has been bitten by a K-9 at the jail, Dickerson told The Oregonian, adding that in most instances just the sight of patrol dogs gets inmates to comply.
Bartlett wasn't seriously injured and has since been transferred to another jail, but officials from the American Civil Liberties Union of Oregon want to reach him after the “inhumane” attack.
“This practice has largely and rightly been discontinued in visible settings,” the group's legal director, Mat dos Santos, told the newspaper.
Bartlett's sister told KGW that she found the footage to be “horrifying” and said her brother suffers from undiagnosed form of mental illness.
“They should take different steps,” the woman, identified only as Shawna, told the station. “They should maybe use mace or there were three officers that day … the three of them couldn't apprehend him or keep him under control?”
The family is now considering a lawsuit, Bartlett's sister said.
Bartlett had been booked into the jail a total of 43 times since 2001, primarily for probation violations, according to a review of jail records by The Oregonian.
“As it turns out, it probably wasn't the wisest decision for us to put him in [the temporary holding unit],” Dickerson told the newspaper. “But that's all with the benefit of hindsight.”
Bartlett also did not file a complaint after the incident and deputies did not “relish having to resort to force,” Dickerson told The Columbia County Spotlight.
“We do what we can to minimize the length and intensity of these confrontations to protect the staff AND the inmates from severe injury,” Dickerson wrote the newspaper in an email.
DHAKA: Bangladesh on Friday added batsman Mominul Haque to their squad for a three-match one-day international series in South Africa amid doubts about opener Tamim Iqbal.
Mominul is a Test regular but played the last of his 26 one-day games against Sri Lanka at the 2015 World Cup.
“We have concerns about the fitness of Tamim. So we thought we might need a back up,” said Bangladeshi selector Habibul Bashar.
“Mominul is already with the team. So his name popped up in our mind immediately,” he added.
A hamstring injury has forced Tamim out of the second Test beginning Friday at Bloemfontein but team physiotherapist Thihan Chandramohan was hopeful he would recover in time for the ODI series which starts October 15.
Tamim pulled a muscle during a three-day practice match at Benoni last month and did not appear fully fit during Bangladesh's 333-run defeat in the first Test at Potchefstroom.
Pushed down-order to number five, he made 39 in the first innings. It was the first time in his Test career that he could not open the innings. He scored a duck in the second innings.
All-rounder Shakib Al Hasan also returned to the ODI squad after taking a break from Tests.
The ODI games will start in Kimberly and then go to Paarl and East London on October 18 and 22.
Bangladesh will also play two Twenty20 internationals during the month-long tour.
Bangladesh squad
Mashrafe Mortaza (capt), Tamim Iqbal, Liton Das, Soumya Sarkar, Imrul Kayes, Mominul Haque, Mahmudullah Riyad, Mushfiqur Rahim, Shakib Al Hasan, Sabbir Rahman, Nasir Hossain, Mehedi Hasan, Mustafizur Rahman, Taskin Ahmed, Rubel Hossain, Mohammad Saifuddin
DHAKA: Bangladesh on Friday added batsman Mominul Haque to their squad for a three-match one-day international series in South Africa amid doubts about opener Tamim Iqbal.
Mominul is a Test regular but played the last of his 26 one-day games against Sri Lanka at the 2015 World Cup.
“We have concerns about the fitness of Tamim. So we thought we might need a back up,” said Bangladeshi selector Habibul Bashar.
“Mominul is already with the team. So his name popped up in our mind immediately,” he added.
A hamstring injury has forced Tamim out of the second Test beginning Friday at Bloemfontein but team physiotherapist Thihan Chandramohan was hopeful he would recover in time for the ODI series which starts October 15.
Tamim pulled a muscle during a three-day practice match at Benoni last month and did not appear fully fit during Bangladesh's 333-run defeat in the first Test at Potchefstroom.
Pushed down-order to number five, he made 39 in the first innings. It was the first time in his Test career that he could not open the innings. He scored a duck in the second innings.
All-rounder Shakib Al Hasan also returned to the ODI squad after taking a break from Tests.
The ODI games will start in Kimberly and then go to Paarl and East London on October 18 and 22.
Bangladesh will also play two Twenty20 internationals during the month-long tour.
Bangladesh squad
Mashrafe Mortaza (capt), Tamim Iqbal, Liton Das, Soumya Sarkar, Imrul Kayes, Mominul Haque, Mahmudullah Riyad, Mushfiqur Rahim, Shakib Al Hasan, Sabbir Rahman, Nasir Hossain, Mehedi Hasan, Mustafizur Rahman, Taskin Ahmed, Rubel Hossain, Mohammad Saifuddin
Defence headquarters set to punish officers responsible for the clash between the Navy and Police
The Military Defence Headquaters, Abuja, set up a committee on Tuesday to investigate the clash between officials of the navy and police in Calabar, Cross River State, with the aim of sanctioning the culprits. The DHQ Director of Information, Maj. Gen. John Enenche, said the mandate of the committee included recommending the sanctions to be …
The post Defence headquarters set to punish officers responsible for the clash between the Navy and Police appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Blair Brown moved here in 1976, just in time to see the tall ships come in. “I lived on 72nd Street and the West End, stuck my head out of...
Mars in your opposite sign is likely to bring conflict of one sort or another but with Saturn, planet of discipline, strong in your own sign you can handle the pressure. Refuse to get annoyed with people who are both stubborn and stupid.
Dolphins running back Kenyan Drake on his big game
Kenyan Drake, Miami Dolphins RB talks to the media about his first 100 yard game as they defeat the Denver Broncos.
Colin Ryan has become the second member of Clare's 2013 All-Ireland-winning team to announce his retirement this week.
The Newmarket-on-Fergus clubman follows in the footsteps of Brendan Bugler by confirming his decision to step away from the inter-county scene.
Ryan made his senior debut for the Banner in 2007 and two years later won an U21 All-Ireland medal.
He was the top scorer in Championship hurling during the memorable Liam MacCarthy-winning season four years ago, with a haul of 70 points helping Clare claim just their fourth ever All-Ireland title.
Ryan took an extended break from the inter-county scene in January, but today took to social media to announce a permanent decision.
Paris is a never-ending source of inspiration for Karl Lagerfeld. For Chanel's Fall 2018 couture show, he didn't look further than the windows of his spaceship-inspired apartment. The impressive view from his Paris residence is all over the latest Chanel collection.
Don't get tricked by the neutral, dark color palette. Karl and Paris are in a love affair ever since he first came to live in the city, at the age of 18. With the Chanel Fall 2018 collection, the designer is teaching a masterclass in wearing gray the unboring way. This may not be the happiest color, but the latest Chanel couture lineup will for sure put a smile on your face. Lagerfeld offered multiple couture ways to rock this neutral hue from head to toe. From the brand's recognizable tweed suits to classy outwear, Chanel gals will have a chance to choose their favorite shade of gray in multiple styles.
Lagerfeld kept the rest of the color palette on the neutral side with occasional pops of color including pale green, toned-down pink and ashy blue. The brand's signature tweed suits got a smart upgrade for Fall 2018. The long skirts feature zippers that unzip all the way up to the thighs where sultry miniskirts are peeking from beneath. “You can wear it zipped down when you visit your banker, no?” Lagerfeld suggested during the preview, “and zipped up when you see your lover after!” he added. The sleeves of the blazers also come with zippers. These could be worn zipped for a more formal effect or unzipped to show off the luxe silk and chiffon linings. After all, couture is about comfort and options.
The Fall 2018 Couture show didn't miss celebrity buzz. The front row was packed with Chanel's muses among which Penelope Cruz, who was announced as the newest brand ambassador, Lily-Rose Depp, Vanessa Paradis, Tracee Ellis Ross, Liu Wen, Ellie Bamber, Pharrell Williams and his wife Helen Lasichanh, Lily Allen and more. Most of them donned Chanel's recognizable tweed pieces.
Each year, Karl Lagerfeld chooses a model to close the couture show in an unconventional wedding gown together with Chanel's resident kid model. For this year's show, the designer picked Sudanese model Adut Akech Bior, who made history as the second black model to close a Chanel Haute Couture show. She succeeded fellow Sudanese model Alek Wek who got the honors to wear the final bridal creation in 2004. Adut stunned in a mint-green two-piece tweed suit with elegant embellishments and an intricate blend of a matching hat and a bridal veil. The same model was the show-opener at the last Chanel cruise runway presentation.
Photo Credit: Getty Images
Sports News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: GHANAsoccernet.com
2017-01-02
Daniel Amartey
Leicester City will have their Ghanaian defender Daniel Amartey available today when they travel to face Middlesbrough in their English Premier League game after being cleared by the Ghana Football Association.
Amartey, who is part of Ghana's squad for this month's Africa Cup of Nations, was expected to have been released by the Foxes to join up with the Black Stars on Sunday.
According to FIFA laws, Leicester should have released the player 14 days to the start of the tournament in Gabon which fell on New Year's Day.
However, coach Claudio Ranieri is desperate to use the key player for away match against Middlesbrough later today.
Facing difficulties in their midfielder, the Foxes wrote to the Ghana Football Association last week pleading to delay the arrival of Amartey to the Black Stars Africa Cup of Nations camp.
Ghana football authorities have looked favorably at the request of the English side and will allow Amartey to play the match on Monday afternoon.
The Foxes are desperate to beat relegation after an uncharacteristic start to their season even though they are the English champions.
It's easy to feel the winter blues when the weather turns cool, and it starts turning dark so early. There is good news, however, because you can shift your energy from feeling scarcity (why do I live in this cold place?) to a deep sense of gratitude.
Here is a meditation for warmth and gratitude, designed to help you feel happy and abundant, even in late fall and winter. Best of all you can do this meditation while walking, even in the middle of the day, if you slow down your pace and follow these simple instructions:
Turn your attention from the parts of your body that are cold (perhaps your hands, the top of your head or feet if your socks aren't thick enough) to an area that feels warm.
If you're wearing a cozy sweater or turtleneck or a warm jacket, focus your attention here.
What does this warmth feel like? Examine the sensations of your body as the warmth emanates from within you. How does this warmth feel? What do you notice about it? Really study the sensations of this area of your body that's warm.
Now take a moment to be grateful for your warm shirt, sweater or jacket and to be grateful for yourself for putting it on this morning.
Now look up and ignite your sense of sight. What do you notice about the trees in your field of vision? If it's still fall, are the leaves turning colors? Do you see holiday decorations around you or architectural details like gargoyles or ornate balconies you might normally overlook? Can you admire the beauty of any and all nature around you and the craftsmanship of the buildings in your field of vision?
Look down for a moment. Are you walking on leaves just fallen from trees around you?
What are all the colors you see around you? Are there different shades of green or brown, and what does the light look like as it hits details of a building or a tree around you? Take a moment to be grateful for all the colors in your environment, and your fortune to notice and admire all the shades of the various colors around you.
Now turn on your sense of smell. Can you detect a house fire in a nearby home? Chestnuts for sale on a street corner? Coffee from a cafe you're passing by? Take a moment to be grateful for all the delicious smells in your environment.
Now go back to your sense of feeling. What does your warm clothing feel like on your body? What does the ground feel like under your shoes? What do your shoes feel like on your feet? Let gratitude rise within you for sidewalks that are smooth and safe to walk on and for gravity and everything that makes it possible for us to easily walk down the street.
Continue lighting up your senses, and circling between these and the feeling of the warmth wherever you feel warmest in your body.
This exercise, which you can do for five minutes or 30, will shift your mindset towards gratitude for what you have, rather than anger or disappointment about what you don't. Our minds are quite powerful and amazing — enjoy and be grateful that you can shift your attention easily whenever you need to.
This article was originally published on Forbes.
Accused Facebook killer Steve Stephens faced numerous evictions in Ohio and bankruptcy prior to allegedly filming the murder of an elderly man and posting the video onto the social media website.
Stephens was recently evicted from an apartment in Euclid and faced another eviction at a separate apartment in Warrensville Heights five months prior, according to court records obtained by the Cleveland Plain-Dealer on Monday. The documents shed light on Stephens' massive financial troubles.
According to the records, the Warrensville Heights complex successfully sued Stephens for $1,800 in back rent and started to garnish his wages last month. Stephens also was saddled with a ton of debt, the paper reported. He declared more than $35,000 in debts, including $21,000 owed on a loan for a 2007 Dodge Charger and more than $5,300 on student loans. He was sued in Euclid Municipal Court in 2012.
Stephens said in a court filing that he owned about $1,500 in household possessions and had more than $350 in his bank account. The Plain-Dealer reported he was discharged from bankruptcy in August 2015.
In another Facebook posting Sunday, Stephens said he gambled his money away at Jack Cleveland Casino and said he “lost everything” and that he was “out of options.”
The casino told Fox 8 Cleveland that security was increased as a result of the manhunt for Stephens.
Cleveland police announced a $50,000 reward was posted by Crimestoppers for information leading to the capture of Stephens. Police also issued a nationwide search for him and asked residents of Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on alert.
Police Chief Calvin Williams said officers searched dozens of locations for Stephens with no success, while the department was working with federal, state and other local agencies to find him.
“As far as we know right now, we don't know where he's at,” Williams said. “The last location we had him at was the homicide.”
NEW YORK — From easy-to-clean floors to a grooming room to a colour palette toned for dog and cat eyes, a building rising in New York is clearly a place for pets.
But it's not an animal hospital or a doggy daycare. Rather, it's what organizers say is the nation's first domestic violence shelter custom-built for victims to keep their pets in their apartments.
Expected to open in October and house up to 100 people, it builds on a growing roster of shelters that accommodate animals so their owners won't hesitate to leave abusive homes. Organizers say it's the first specifically designed for every apartment to house people with pets.
“By doing so from the ground up, with not only humans in mind but pets in mind, it's going to allow for a fuller recovery for pets and the entire family,” says Dr. Kurt Venator, chief veterinary officer of Nestle Purina PetCare Co., which is contributing supplies and expertise to the $20 million project.
The Urban Resource Institute, a shelter operator, is running the facility, financed through private donations and some government support.
Studies have documented links between domestic violence and animal cruelty and have noted some victims' reluctance to leave without their pets. Some fear their abusers will retaliate by harming the animals.
The number of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters nationwide has grown from four in 2008 to dozens in recent years. But about 97 per cent of shelters still don't accept pets, according to Urban Resource Institute CEO Nathaniel Fields. (Some of them do help arrange foster care.)
URI has opened 52 pet-friendly apartments around New York City in the last four years but still got about 350 more requests than it could fulfil.
Advocates for pet-friendly shelters have faced questions about whether accommodating animals siphons focus and resources from abused people, or how people who fear for their lives can think about their pets.
But for many victims, Fields says, “it's not an either-or.”
Hope Dawson adopted her dog, Coco, to cheer up her two children after they awoke to sounds of thrown objects crashing and then saw police lead her boyfriend away from their Houston home in December 2015. She soon decided to move to New York to get away from him.
She had savings and a housing voucher but couldn't find an apartment and eventually moved with her kids into a no-pets shelter. An agency agreed to board Coco for 30 days; after that, the family would have to consider giving her up. Dawson still gets emotional thinking what that would have been like for kids who had already been through a lot.
“The way she just looks and interacts with us and makes us feel so comforted and cared for, that was something that would not be able to be replaced, and we needed it so much,” says Dawson, 32. “When she was reunited with us, it really did bring that light back into our situation.”
URI's facilities have welcomed 118 animals in four years — cats, dogs, turtles, birds, fish, a guinea pig and a bearded dragon.
The new seven-story, 30-apartment shelter will have a shared pet-grooming room and a secluded dog park, so residents fearful of abusers finding them don't have to leave to walk dogs.
Windows won't open wide enough for cats to get out, but there may be shelves so felines can look outside. Flooring won't be too slippery or too sticky for paws. Paint won't be bright white, as some manmade white materials may appear fluorescent to cats and dogs, Venator said.
Dawson, meanwhile, moved her family into its own apartment after six months in shelter. She's working as a ride-hailing service driver, her kids are in middle school, and Coco is doing well.
“When life happens and it comes at you really hard, having a pet,” she says, “really does help.”
——
Online: Urban Resource Institute pet-friendly shelter program: http://urinyc.org/program/uripals/
LAS VEGAS — Two film industry leaders told theatre owners Tuesday that are optimistic about the movie and theatrical exhibition business despite concerns about declining attendance and competition from streaming services.
New MPPA chief Charles Rivkin and John Fithian, the president and CEO of the National Association of Theater Owners, delivered a state of the industry speech at CinemaCon, saying the strength of the movies being released will dictate box-office sales.
“Our business rises or falls on the movies in our cinemas,” Fithian said.
CinemaCon is an annual gathering of theatre owners and exhibitors, during which they get a look upcoming films from major Hollywood studios and a preview of some of the latest and greatest in theatrical technologies and even concession options.
Rivkin, who recently took over the position at the MPAA from Christopher Dodd, said that 263 million people went to the movies at least once in North America in 2017 — more than three quarters of the North American population. He noted that while the box office was slightly down from the record in 2016, it was on par with the 2015 record. He says he believes the market will always move between record-high or near record years.
He also stressed that he would continue to fight to protect intellectual property with anti-piracy efforts. Film and television account for $16.5 billion in exports, he said, and that the industry supports 2.1 million jobs and $139 billion in wages every year.
Rivkin was previously the president and CEO of The Jim Henson Company and also served as the U.S. Ambassador to France and as Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs.
“Let's always deliver on the promise of our creative industry: high quality stories that speak to the hopes and dreams of our audience, and will continue to do so for generations to come,” Rivkin said.
Fithian also applauded filmmakers and distributors for “taking significant steps to achieve more diversity and positive representation on the big screen,” which he says their consumers are “demanding.”
“We are optimistic that 2017 and 2018 will one day be viewed as a turning point on this front,” Fithian said.
Fithian also spoke to some of the major fears of the movie business and said that younger audiences are still passionate moviegoers. According to comScore, moviegoers ages 18-44 constituted 63% of the total box office in 2017–up from 61% in 2016. Fithian said that disruption, whether it's streaming or shortened periods where films are show exclusively in theatres, will not kill the theatrical business.
He wondered if “Black Panther,” “Get Out” or “Wonder Woman” would have been cultural landmarks had they gone straight to streaming.
“I have worked with (theatre owners) for 26 years. I can't begin to tell you how often reporters have asked me if the movie theatre industry is dying. Every downturn in admissions is a sign of secular decline, every innovation or improvement is intended to ‘save' the movie theatre business,” he said. “There has been a lot of hype about the next ‘disruption,”‘ he said, listing off advancements ranging from VHS to the advent of films releasing in theatres and home services the same day. “Yet we never die but remain a strong business in the face of disruption everywhere else in the entertainment landscape.”
——
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/ldbahr
It starts with the CCCC, moves to the CHC and then on to the CAC before a final stop at the DRA.
That's the GAA's disciplinary system at its most simple - but of course, it's not nearly as simple as that. This is something that Waterford hurling fans will get to know well before the All-Ireland final.
So let's start with the various bodies. There's the Central Competitions Control Committee (CCCC), the Central Hearings Committee (CHC) and Central Appeals Committee (CAC), which all fall under the control of Croke Park.
At the top of the tree is the Disputes Resolution Authority (DRA), whose members are appointed by the GAA, but which operates independently of the Association.
These committees came about in 2005 under the administration of then-GAA President Sean Kelly. Their members change every three years and are appointed by the incoming Uachtarán.
There was a feeling at the times that the disciplinary process needed to be streamlined and also that something needed to be done to stem the rising tide of cases taken to the courts by players against Croke Park in order to get bans overturned.
The final straw came in 2004 when Westmeath midfielder Rory O'Connell sought, and was granted, a high court injunction against a three month suspension imposed on him by the old Games Administration Committee.
Former GAA President Sean Kelly in 2005
This allowed him to play in the Lake County's historic, and so far only, Leinster final win over Laois that year.
The main function of the CCCC is set fixtures at a national level and appoint referees. They also review referee's reports, applying any suspensions that may arise coming from sendings-off, or cumulative black cards.
Another role is to review footage of games where they feel further disciplinary action needs to be taken, though this can only happen once the referee confirms that they missed the incident in question.
If the ref says that they saw the incident and took appropriate action, the CCCC's hands are tied.
The last resort for a player is the Disputes Resolution Authority (DRA), essentially the GAA's version of the international Court of Arbitration for Sport.
In other words, Conor Gleeson of Waterford will be handed an automatic one-match ban for his strike in Sunday's All-Ireland semi-final win over Cork. Austin Gleeson must wait before finding out has the CCCC found anything in his apparent face mask pull on Luke Meade on video review.
The CCCC only recommends a punishment, for example an automatic one-game ban for a straight red card following a striking incident. It is then up to the player in question to either accept or contest that sanction.
In the words of Kelly when he was unveiling the new system, the CCCC are essentially the gardaí, while the CHC are the court.
If a player contests the punishment they have been given, they request an appearance before the hearings committee. The CHC have the power to uphold a CCCC sanction, increase it, decrease or overturn it altogether.
Austin Gleeson caught on camera
If they player doesn't get the result they want their next port of call is the Central Appeals Committee (CAC). This body's role is simply to uphold or quash a penalty or to send it back to the CCCC for review - in essence they are the appeals court.
The last resort for a player is the Disputes Resolution Authority (DRA), essentially the GAA's version of the international Court of Arbitration for Sport.
Its presence means cases involving football and hurling suspensions can't find their way into the courts of the land without a visit to the DRA first. The thinking is that the court would be highly unlikely to overrule the DRA should it go that far.
The DRA, currently headed up by former Offaly hurler Rory Hanniffy, generally rules only on procedural matters and technicalities. Waterford's Tadhg de Búrca went all the way to the DRA in a bid to have his semi-final suspension overturned following his red card in the win over Wexford.
The case was heard the Thursday night before the game and the ruling only came out in the early hours of Friday morning, but he was unable to prove that the CCCC had made any procedural errors and thus he missed the game.
Bedford manufacturer to expand production, add jobs
| By
A Bedford company will invest more than $300,000 to expand operations, a project expected to create nine new jobs. Central Virginia Manufacturing is a sheet metal fabricator. State and regional funds will help support employee job training.
News release: Governor Ralph Northam today announced that Central Virginia Manufacturing (CVM), a sheet metal fabricator, will invest $300,000 to expand its operation in Bedford County. The project will create nine new jobs. “With more than 240,000 Virginians employed in the manufacturing sector, Central Virginia Manufacturing will continue to benefit from a robust labor pool as the company expands,” said Governor Northam. “Businesses of all sizes are thriving in Bedford County and the Lynchburg region due to competitive operating costs, robust infrastructure and transportation network, and a strong workforce. We are pleased to see CVM growing in the Commonwealth and benefitting from the training and services provided by the Virginia Jobs Investment Program.”
The Virginia Economic Development Partnership (VEDP) will support Central Virginia Manufacturing's new job creation through its Virginia Jobs Investment Program (VJIP). VJIP provides consultative services and funding to companies creating new jobs or experiencing technological change to support employee training activities. As a business incentive supporting economic development, VJIP reduces the human resource costs of new and expanding companies. VJIP is state-funded, demonstrating Virginia's commitment to enhancing job opportunities for its citizens. The Bedford County Economic Development Authority (EDA) will assist the company under a defined performance agreement tied to jobs and investment over three years. In addition, the Region 2000 Workforce Development Board will provide financial assistance for apprenticeship-related instruction.
Greatest Holiday Commercials Countdown 2017 – Tuesday, December 12, 2017 at 8pm on CW50 – THE GREATEST HOLIDAY COMMERCIALS HOSTED BY KEVIN FRAZIER AND KELTIE KNIGHT – Kevin Frazier (“Entertainment Tonight”) and Keltie Knight (“Entertainment Tonight”) host this holiday celebration with a countdown of the 12 best holiday commercials ever – one for each of the 12 days of Christmas. In addition to the top 12, the special features other great commercials from both the U.S. and abroad, that capture the true spirit of the holiday season – from the heartfelt to the hilarious, from the outstanding to the ridiculous. Executive Producers are Robert Horowitz and Lewis Fenton. Original airdate 12/12/2017.
Technology, like everything else, has trends or cycles. Cloud started more than 10 years ago and was the hot, new tech trend. But now…are things starting to shift again? Are organizations thinking twice before automatically moving essential workloads to the public cloud?
The answer is yes – and for a variety of reasons. A few born-in-the-cloud companies have now moved from the public cloud back to on-premises data centers – DropBox is a high-profile example. And the public cloud performance (or lack thereof) was a big reason why.
Letting the cat out of the bag: Public cloud is all about capacity, not performance
When businesses choose to put their applications in the public cloud, they are sharing infrastructure with a lot of other people. Of course, this can be a good solution because it means that you only pay for what you need when you need it. Public cloud also gives businesses the ability to scale up or down based upon demand.
Read the entire article here, The cat's out of the bag! Latency issues plague public cloud
via the fine folks at HP Enterprise.
The Cuomo administration fired a top agency administrator after a state probe substantiated accusations of sexual misconduct, officials revealed Wednesday.
Former Justice Center for the Protection of People with Special Needs boss Jay Kiyonaga engaged in “improper and sexually inappropriate acts” toward female subordinates, state Inspector General Catherine Leahy Scott said in a letter to the Justice Center and the agency where he was most recently employed, the Office for People with Developmental Disabilities.
“The specific acts and pattern of conduct described to my office under oath — ranging from inappropriate sexual comments and comments about employee's sexual preferences to an unwanted sexual physical contact with an employee — are reprehensible and indefensible,” Leahy said.
The Post first reported on sexual harassment claims against Kiyonaga made by Patricia Gunning, the former special prosecutor/inspector general for the Justice Center, last October.
Gunning said when she complained about his behavior, Kiyonaga retaliated and forced her resignation.
Gunning also contacted Melissa De Rosa, the governor's top deputy, about the claims following her ouster. De Rosa then referred her Gunning's complaint to the IG's office to investigate.
One female subordinate testified that Kiyonaga attempted “sexual physical contact” with her during an after-hours social gathering at a bar in 2015, according to the letter. The same witness said he would also talk “about dreams that he had that were of a sexual nature involving staff members.”
Another woman said Kiyonaga once “reached out and kind of caressed my leg to feel the fabric” of her blue pants, which was witnessed by six other staff members.
The same staffer said Kiyonaga once asked her if she knew the definition of “Blumpkin” and told him she did not.
“It's when the guy sits on a toilet, gets oral sex and passes feces at the same time,” the witness recalled Kiyonaga saying.
Another female staffer said the married Kiyonaga discussed women's figures with comments like “nice boobs, nice ass” and suggested he had open relationship.
Gunning, who on Tuesday filed a sex discrimination against the Justice Center and Kiyonaga with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, said he regularly and inappropriately “turn the conversation to something sexual” and “pointed out I had a real knack for picking hot girls for my team” and that he had “heard that one person on my staff was bi-sexual and he wanted to know if I knew that and wasn't it hot.”
Kiyonaga, the number two person at the OPWDD after transferring from the Justice Center, was fired Wednesday.
“OPWDD does not tolerate harassment of any kind. Based on the findings of the Inspector General's Office, Mr. Kiyonaga has been terminated by our agency,” said OPWDD spokeswoman Jennifer O'Sullivan.
Gunning, through her lawyer, applauded Kiyonaga's ouster.
“MeToo has finally arrived in New York State government. For years, Ms. Gunning felt ostracized and alone as she suffered sexual discrimination and retaliation at work. Today, she is vindicated. We urge every single victim of Mr. Kiyonaga's misconduct to come forward and share their experience,” said Ilann Maazel, of Emery Celli Brinckerhoff & Abady.
Video
A film where the plot changes depending on the viewer's brain activity has been developed by the University of Nottingham's Richard Ramchurn.
The Moment has its world premiere at the Sheffield DocFest on 7 June 2018.
BBC Click's Jen Copestake finds out more.
See more at Click's website and @BBCClick.
A coach bus driver was charged Tuesday in the death of an investment banker riding a Citi Bike — the first fatality involving the bike-share program in New York.
Dave Lewis, 52, was arraigned on a misdemeanor and a violation in the death of Credit Suisse banker and former Israeli army sergeant Dan Hanegby in Chelsea on June 1.
see also Investment banker killed by bus becomes first Citi Bike fatality A Manhattan investment banker and former Israeli army staff sergeant...
His lawyer, Jeremy Saland, called the crash a tragic accident.
“First and foremost, my client is distraught and deeply saddened for Mr. Hanegby and his family,” the attorney said. “This was a tragic accident, but an accident nonetheless, not a crime.”
“Mr. Lewis was neither negligent nor reckless in his driving,” he said.
Lewis, who drives a commuter bus, allegedly told a witness that he was headed west on 26th Street near Eighth Avenue when he honked at Hanegby, who was riding in the middle of the road and wearing headphones, according to court papers.
After passing the bicyclist at about 8:15 a.m., Lewis told the witness he “heard a commotion, felt something, and looked in his mirror and saw the cyclist on the floor,” the complaint states.
Authorities said the father of two became sandwiched between a parked car and the bus and lost his balance. He tumbled off the bike and under the rear wheels of the bus.
The 36-year-old was rushed to Bellevue Hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
Lewis remained on the scene until cops arrived.
It was the first time since Citi Bike started its ride-share program in 2013 that a rider was killed, a spokesman previously said.
Hanegby, who was born and raised in Tel Aviv, was a gifted tennis player. He was ranked the No. 1 player in Israel at the age of 16 and held the title for two years, the Brown Daily Herald reported.
Lewis faces up to 30 days in jail if convicted of the top charge of causing physical injury by failing to observe right of way. He also faces a violation for failure to exercise due care.
He was released without bail Tuesday and declined to comment as he left Manhattan Criminal Court.
Sheriff during the largest heroin and fentanyl bust in county history: "One grain of the fentanyl can kill you"
New Hanover County Sheriff Ed McMahon said at a Monday press conference that an arrest had been made in the largest seizure of heroin and fentanyl in county history. Deputies said in a Facebook post that they found the drugs during a Nov. 30 search of Shawqui Rahim Gray's home on Oleander Drive in Wilmington. More arrests are expected.
Courtney Ames was part of the group of young thieves who robbed a number of celebrities between the fall of 2008 and summer of 2009.
×
You have now reached your limit of 15 stories this month.
Register for free and continue reading - or subscribe and get unlimited access.
Register for free Get 10 bonus articles
Subscribe to Autosport Plus today Get unlimited access
I already have an account. Sign in
Pointing to pay-to-play corruption scandals that have rocked the Cuomo administration, GOP gubernatorial candidate Marc Molinaro on Wednesday proposed banning political donations from people or businesses holding or seeking contracts with state government.
Molinaro, the Dutchess County executive nominated as the GOP candidate for governor last week, announced the restrictions during a stop in Buffalo.
The location was not a coincidence.
A federal bid-rigging trial will be held next month involving defendants connected to Gov. Andrew Cuomo's “Buffalo A Billion” economic development program.
“If we are to begin restoring that trust — and we must — political donations from state vendors and contract holders must be permanently outlawed. This governor promised ethics reforms when he ran and then made a mockery of his promise, becoming the worst pay-to-play offender in state history,” Molinaro said.
The alleged scheme allowed Cuomo campaign contributors at L.P. Ciminelli, an upstate construction company, to win a lucrative contract. A top Cuomo economic development ally at SUNY Polytechnic, Alain Kaloyeros, is charged in the case along with Ciminelli executives.
One company executive, Kevin Schuler, has already pleaded guilty to wire fraud and conspiracy charges and may testify against other defendants.
“Andrew Cuomo's Albany is a cesspool of corruption, and the people of this state no longer trust their government as a result,“ Molinaro said.
Molinaro also proposed closing the infamous “LLC Loophole” that permits individuals to donate more money to favored candidates under thinly disguised corporate entities.
His fellow Republicans in the Legislature have supported LLC donations and have blocked efforts to restrict them.
Cuomo campaign spokeswoman Abbey Fashouer responded:
“It's clear Trump mini-me Marc Molinaro who has an ‘A' rating from the NRA and is the NY GOP's handpicked anti-woman, anti-immigrant, anti-LGBTQ candidate is desperately trying to deflect from the sad state of his campaign. No contribution of any size influences any government action — period.”
Missing 'August: Osage County' actress stopped taking bipolar meds The 32-year-old Native American actress was reported missing by her family Oct. 6, a day after telling police she was suicidal.
'August: Osage County' actress is missing: cops SEATTLE — Police in Washington state say an actress known for her roles in “August: Osage County,” “Frozen River” and “Django Unchained” is missing. The Seattle Times reports that 32-year-old...
Downey and Duvall go at it in solid comedy-drama ‘The Judge' JUST watching snarky Chicago lawyer Robert Downey Jr. spar with crotchety father Robert Duvall as he tries to defend the small-town Indiana jurist on a murder rap is worth the...
Showbiz veteran blasts Oscar nominees in ballot peek And the winner is . . . awful! A cranky member of the Motion Picture Academy offered up a “brutally honest” peek at his Oscar ballot — rife with snarky...
Stop telling Abigail Breslin she's all grown up Abigail Breslin is not all grown-up. “For the past four years, since I was like 13, every single article that has come out, it's ‘Abigail Breslin is all grown up!'...
Is Margo Martindale the hardest-working woman in showbiz? It takes a mighty woman to hold her own with Meryl Streep. Margo Martindale is that woman. From the moment she appears in the film “August: Osage County” — stomping...
Abigail Breslin goes from geeky to glam You remember Abigail Breslin as a charmingly geeky movie moppet. Now a graceful 17, she's ready to celebrate the holidays in glammed-up style.
Dueling divas prove difficult for 'August: Osage County' Nothing says Christmas like a cancer-ridden matriarch being grappled to the floor in “August: Osage County,'' a star-laden, if somewhat wobbly, adaptation of Tracy Letts' Pulitzer-winning black comedy that also...
Image copyright Google Image caption The 24-year-old woman was stabbed at an address on Gibbons Drive in Sheffield
A 15-year-old boy has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in Sheffield.
South Yorkshire Police were called to Gibbons Drive in the Norton area of the city soon after midnight on Saturday.
A 24-year-old woman had been stabbed in the upper body and suffered "life-threatening injuries", police said.
The boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested and is due to appear at Sheffield Magistrates' Court on Tuesday.
He also faces a charge of possession of an offensive weapon and has been remanded in custody.
A 25-year-old man arrested shortly after the stabbing has been released without charge.
Police said the victim remains in a serious but stable condition in hospital, and have appealed for information.
Carsington Sports and Leisure is seeking teams of eight to ten people to enjoy an evening out taking part in the annual Charity Bell Boating Race. This will take place at Carsington Water on Friday, June 23, at 6.30pm. The race will raise funds for the air ambulance and local charitable organisation CARE. See below for more.
Bell boating races pit two teams of up to eight against each other with the winning team going on to the next round. Similar to dragon boat racing, each person has to paddle as fast as they can over the course to ensure their team is the first over the line and the eventual winners.
Local teams wanting an active evening out should register by completing an entry form and paying the £40 fee by contacting enquiries@carsingtonwater.com, calling 01629 540478 or downloading the form online at www.carsingtonwater.com.
A barbecue and soft drinks will be available and spectators are welcome with all profits from the event being split between the two charitable organisations.
Managing director at Carsington Sports and Leisure, Sarah Peel, said: “Last year we had a number of local teams enter and had a fantastic evening. This year we are looking for even more teams to enter and help raise money for the air ambulance and CARE.”
We may soon be living in a world where President Donald Trump — and the rest of the people you may follow — will have the chance to make their Twitter takes twice as long.
Twitter announced on Tuesday it's testing an expanded 280-character tweet limit with a small group of users. That's twice as many characters as the social media site has allowed since the first tweet was sent on March 21, 2006.
"What matters most is that this works for our community — we will be collecting data and gathering feedback along the way. We're hoping fewer Tweets run into the character limit, which should make it easier for everyone to Tweet," the company said a blog post.
Twitter found that as many as 9 percent of tweets in English hit the 140-character limit, requiring users to often times use abbreviations or trim important words.
Related: Twitter Promises to Clarify Rules in Wake of Trump North Korea Threat Tweets
Tweets in Korean, Chinese and Japanese are not as affected by the character limit since characters in those languages can often convey more meaning than in other languages, so they won't be included in the test. A Twitter analysis found less 0.4 percent of tweets in Japanese ran into the character limit.
While the 280-character expansion isn't a done deal for everyone just yet, the move left some frequent tweeters wondering why the change — and why now?
Chris Sacca, an early investor in Twitter, argued the company was "distracted monkeying around with character counts" while they have bigger issues to take care of, such as meddling tweets that appear to have been sent from Russia. The tweet appears to have been deleted, but he retweeted an image where a user edited a post by Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey eliminating unnecessary words.
Some users may be vexed by hitting the 140-character limit, but it isn't the most requested feature. That honor goes to the edit button, which has time and time again been the chief request from Twitter loyalists.
Twitter users: let us edit tweets
twitter: we made everything round
users: edit button
twitter: everyone is allowed to be twice as annoying — Haley Byrd (@byrdinator) September 26, 2017
While there's also been concern over the expanded character count, Twitter co-founder Biz Stone, who recently returned to the company, said at that the end of the day brevity will still win.
Gin McCabe visits The Morning Line to talk about the fair and other exciting events coming up at Sedalia. Listen to the full interview here:
Gin McCabe ARTISAN FAIR
The NFL Show's Osi Umenyiora and Jason Bell analyse the potential stars, tactics and theatrics on show at the Super Bowl between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday.
Available to UK users only.
WATCH MORE: Five silly ways to predict the Super Bowl
WATCH MORE: Underdogs, Timberlake & Ajayi's party at the Super Bowl
Follow Super Bowl LII live on BBC One and the BBC Sport website and app from 23:15 GMT on Sunday, 4 February.
One Dead, One in Police Custody Following Early-Morning Montgomery Stabbing
by Rashad Snell
The Montgomery Police Department is conducting a homicide investigation following the early-morning stabbing death of Ladarius Snow, 22.
MPD and Fire Medics responded to the 2400 block of Chase Park Drive after receiving a report that a subject had been shot. At the scene, they located the victim, who had sustained a fatal stab wound. He was transported to Jackson Hospital where he was later pronounced dead.
MPD's investigation determined that the incident stemmed from an argument. A suspect has been taken into custody and charges are pending. No additional information is available for release at this time in connection with this continuing investigation.
Commuters, here is some of the hell you're in for this summer.
New Jersey Transit on Friday released its summer schedule changes to accommodate Amtrak's overhaul of the decrepit rails in and around Penn Station — but LIRR riders are still in the dark as the MTA struggles to finalize its plans.
The NJ Transit changes will be in effect weekdays between Monday, July 10, and Friday, Sept. 1.
But while the MTA said it was pushing to inform the public of its changes by June 1, it has yet to say how it will reroute LIRR trains, according to a spokeswoman — just three weeks before the multitrack shutdowns are set to slam Penn Station.
One notable change to NJ Transit: Midtown Direct trains on the Morristown line scheduled to arrive at Penn Station after 7 a.m. will be diverted to Hoboken, where commuters will then have to transfer to New York Waterway ferries or PATH trains.
Only four early-morning trains, originating in Hackettstown, will be spared this diversion. But when those riders return to New Jersey later in the day, they will need to travel to Hoboken to access westbound trains.
New York Waterway will offer special service from Hoboken Terminal to West 39th Street in Midtown every 15 minutes, according to the NJTransit press release.
Midtown Direct customers on the Morris and Essex lines will receive up to a 63 percent discount off their regular fare — and their fares will be cross-honored in Hoboken and other alternative locations — during the rerouting.
All trains on the Northeast Corridor and North Jersey coastlines will operate on regular weekday schedules with minor time changes to and from Penn Station.
“More than 80 percent of NJ TRANSIT customers travel over a portion of Amtrak's Northeast Corridor at some point during their trip, so in essence, they are customers of Amtrak as well,” said NJ TRANSIT Executive Director Steven H. Santoro said in a statement. “In developing this service plan, the safety of every customer was the top priority. Not only is this plan the safest, but it maintains the maximum number of seats across the rail system.”
A complete rundown of the changes is available here.
The Amtrak construction will take place every day of the week, with some tracks out of commission around the clock, Amtrak CEO Wick Moorman told The Post in April.
Sources said the railroad would try to tackle only four of the station's 21 tracks at a time, but Moorman would not commit to that.
“I don't make any guarantees about disruptions,” he said at the time. “Our target is that the minimum number of tracks to be impacted and minimum number of people to be impacted while getting this work done.”
Two derailments at Penn Station earlier this year severely hampered train traffic — especially for LIRR and NJ Transit customers.
The most recent derailment, on April 3, caused an entire week of delays and cancellations as Amtrak scrambled to replace aging timber and switches.
Additional reporting by Max Jaeger
American companies whose logos or products were drawn into the violent rallies that took place over the weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia have denounced and distanced themselves from the events and organizers.
One of the most arresting images that surfaced was a night-time rally where white nationalist protesters descended on the statue of General Robert E. Lee whose plans for removal sparked the protests, bearing tiki torches and evoking raw memories of KKK cross-burnings.
The maker of tiki torches took to social media to condemn the events, deny any connection, and highlight that its "products are designed to enhance backyard gatherings and to help family and friends connect with each other at home in their yard."
They weren't the only brand that was co-opted during the rally. A group of "identitarians" from Detroit were spotted sporting modified Detroit Red Wings on their shirts and riot shields. The logo has a wing extending to the right, thought to represent the "right wing."
The hockey team posted a strong condemnation of the unauthorized use of their logo.
"The Detroit Red Wings vehemently disagree with and are not associated in any way with the event taking place today in Charlottesville," the team said in a statement. "The Red Wings believe that Hockey is for Everyone and we celebrate the great diversity of our fan base and our nation."
The Detroit Red Wings said they were also exploring legal action to take to stop the misuse of their logo.
The NHL echoed those sentiments, saying "This specific use is directly contrary to the value of inclusiveness that our League prioritizes and champions."
Two internet companies so far also took action.
The GoDaddy domain hosting company said it would be terminating the right wing nationalist website The Daily Stormer for violating its terms of service after it published a hateful article about the Charlottesville protester who died after a vehicle plowed into a group of counter-protesters.
"In instances where a site goes beyond the mere exercise of these freedoms, and crosses over to promoting, encouraging, or otherwise engaging in violence against any person, we will take action. In our determination, especially given the tragic events in Charlottesville, Dailystormer.com crossed the line and encouraged and promoted violence," GoDaddy's digital crimes unit director Ben Butler told NBC News in an email.
The nationalist site later announced it had switched providers to Google. But this afternoon Google announced it was canceling the website's registration, leaving it to find another host if it wants to stay online.
Several stores in downtown Charlottesville closed their doors over the weekend to show their support for counterprotestors.
Earlier, room rental site Airbnb banned the accounts of nationalist users who were using the platform to book reservations to attend the rally.
OKLAHOMA CITY – State policymakers, agency officials and health care providers moved quickly in 2017 to collaborate on combating a deadly drug crisis.
But the money needed to fight that epidemic hasn't risen proportionally, said Dr. Jason Beaman. Oklahoma Attorney General Mike Hunter said a major court case he brought against drugmakers could potentially provide a cash infusion for prevention and treatment. However, it will take several years before that money could start flowing.
Beaman and Hunter were among several who spoke Monday at the second in a roundtable series The Journal Record hosted about opioids at KOSU's Film Row studio. Jessica Hawkins, Oklahoma State Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services senior director of prevention services, and Julia Jernigan, executive director of the Oklahoma Behavioral Health Association, discussed how those who help people with brain illnesses are working to address the issue.
Read more about opioid abuse.
Hunter said since the first roundtable held in July, the stakeholders have been collaborating on identifying the issues and providing recommendations for state lawmakers. He is the chairman of the state's opioid abuse commission, which brings together health, orthodontic and mental health providers, pharmacists, medical school professors and law enforcement agencies to develop solutions.
Funding treatment is a crucial component to addressing the crisis the state faces.
“Being smart on crime means you have to be smart on funding treatment and rehabilitation,” Hunter said. “We've never funded drug courts to the extent we need to.”
Oklahoma has one of the highest rates in the nation for opioid deaths. Prescriptions for the opiate-derived synthetic drugs became increasingly common for non-cancer patients in the early 2000s. In recent years, overdose deaths have skyrocketed.
Beaman, Psychiatry and Behavioral Science Department chair and professor at the Oklahoma State University Center for Health Sciences, said doctors were advised by professional societies in the last two decades that it was unethical to not treat patients' pain.
For some who become addicted to opioids, the nationwide trend is to move on to street drugs such as heroin when they can't get access to the pills.
Beaman said the opioid crisis meets the public health parameters for an epidemic and is akin to the bubonic plague of the 17th century or the HIV/AIDS crisis of the 1980s. But funding to the state mental health agency hasn't risen proportionately in the last decade as opioids affect more people.
Jernigan said the state's two medical schools are collaborating with the mental health agency to help address people who need help. There are some federal grants available specifically for opioid addiction.
Hawkins said part of the problem with federal funding is that Oklahoma must compete with other states, U.S. territories and on occasion, tribes, for that money. It's tenuous to show scientific evidence that Oklahoma's programs are working with short-term grants.
“We need a sustainable way to fund prevention treatment,” Hawkins said. “If we're going to address this overall, we have to focus much more on prevention, for which we need a long-term strategy.”
Beaman said OSU's Center for Health Sciences is working to give doctors and medical students the most accurate, up-to-date information on prescribing potentially addictive narcotics. OSU is the only medical school in the nation that requires an addiction treatment course for all its students, he said.
Hunter said he's working to get money for addiction treatment. He is suing 13 pharmaceutical manufacturers and their affiliates, alleging there was a vast, decades-long conspiracy to deceive doctors on the addictive nature of opioids for non-cancer patients. A damage estimate hasn't been established yet in the case, but he said Monday he's seeking billions of dollars.
If he wins the case against the drugmakers, he said he would push to dedicate that money in a trust fund, similar to the Tobacco Settlement Endowment Trust.
“My goal would be to dedicate that money to those who have suffered,” Hunter said.
The outcome would still be a few years away; a trial date hasn't been set and his attorneys asked the judge to schedule the trial to begin in May 2019.
He said it's critical that the medical community continues to collaborate on reducing the number of prescription opioids available on the market. But treatment is just as important.
“But unless you have committed to funding to provide treatment options, you're only solving half the problem,” Hunter said. “So you're not really solving the problem.”
Patrick Ewing once made the jump from Georgetown to the Knicks. Don't be shocked if history repeats.
For all the nostalgia Wednesday will bring when Georgetown officially introduces Ewing as its new coach at a news conference on campus, there's evidence to suggest the Knicks legend hasn't given up on his goal of becoming an NBA head coach. Returning to lead the Hoyas back to prominence could be that stepping stone.
Only last season, Ewing told The Post he didn't believe returning as a college coach was in his future when asked about St. John's hiring Chris Mullin.
Ewing said then too much non-basketball work was involved — with recruiting and alumni relations. Ewing also revealed Georgetown approached him 13 years ago before the school hired John Thompson III, but he politely declined interviewing for the job.
“Don't want to go back to college,'' Ewing told The Post in October 2015. “When [Chris] first got the job, I wished him luck except when he plays Georgetown. Chris is a great guy, very good friend. Naturally I want to see him succeed.”
Ewing had a change of heart or saw, to borrow a phrase from Carmelo Anthony, “the writing on the wall.'' After 14 years as an assistant with Washington, Houston, Orlando and Charlotte, Ewing sensed he wasn't going to get his head-coaching break if things stayed status quo. Last summer, he interviewed with the Sacramento Kings and lost out to Dave Joerger. In 2012, Ewing interviewed for the Hornets coaching job with his buddy Michael Jordan, but the job went to former St. John's assistant Mike Dunlap.
A source said Jordan didn't think Ewing had done enough of his homework on Charlotte's roster.
The Knicks have had 10 head coaches since 2002, when Ewing retired as a player. The club hasn't extended “The Big Fella'' so much as an interview.
However, if Ewing has a modicum of head-coaching success at Georgetown and if Phil Jackson and his triangle are long gone, Ewing, 54, may have a chance one day at the Knicks' throne. Of course, his hair may be grayer from dealing with college administrators, overzealous parents, AAU coaches and NCAA officers.
Ewing's relationship with owner James Dolan, according to sources, is fully repaired. The ovations he receives in his returns to the Garden are overwhelming. That Ewing didn't get a courtesy interview last May with Jackson was solely the Zen Master's call. Jackson chose Jeff Hornacek, on track for another 50-loss season.
There's a possibility Ewing's presser will be attended by Pat Riley and Jeff Van Gundy, according to insiders.
Coincidentally, Ewing was in Washington with the Hornets on Tuesday for his final act as the team's associate head coach. He attended shootaround, said his goodbyes, gave a speech in the locker room and the players applauded.
Then Ewing was off to “The Hilltop'' to meet with Georgetown officials and didn't attend that night's Wizards-Hornets contest. Though the Hornets are one game back of the No. 8 seed, Ewing starts immediately in his new gig, with the first recruiting deadline next month.
Hornets coach Steve Clifford told reporters Tuesday he has seen Ewing handle the young players with aplomb when Ewing has coached summer league squads for the Magic and Hornets. Clifford said Ewing has always been “very involved with game-planning.'' But will he make it as a college coach and all it entails?
“He has a natural presence that's very assertive as a head coach,'' Clifford said. “You can see his coaching style come through very forcefully.”
Clifford, the former Knicks assistant, said Ewing's résumé — in terms of the coaches he has worked with and played for — is impeccable, starting in high school in Boston with Mike Jarvis and in college with John Thompson. Ewing played for Rick Pitino, Riley and Van Gundy, and worked under both Van Gundys. He was also an assistant with Tom Thibodeau in Houston.
“They're all similar — disciplined play and working in practice,'' Clifford said. “That's Pat's background.''
When Jeff Van Gundy offered Ewing the Rockets assistant job, Clifford said, “Patrick's answer was: ‘I'll come and coach, but I want to do everything Tom does, everything Steve does. I'm not coming to work guys out. I want to be doing everything.'
“People don't realize working for the Van Gundys is a great experience, and you're going to do it the right way. It's early in the morning. It's late at night. He's right there every day. It's how he is. The same work ethic that made him a great player has made him a great coach. … He loves coaching, communicating with the players. He's put his time in for this opportunity.”
Indeed, he has — enough time that Ewing elected to give up on the NBA for now and attempt to lead the Hoyas, who have experienced two straight losing seasons, back to the NCAA Tournament. Ewing led Georgetown to its lone NCAA title — in 1984.
“I think it's going to be like the old Hoyas,'' Clifford said. “Patrick always said, ‘Nobody liked us and nobody liked to play against us.' ”
That's how the Knicks would like to be regarded one day, too.
The JAS Finlay Sunflower Trophy meeting was launched on Friday as the event prepares to mark two special milestones at Bishopscourt in a fortnight's time.
This year marks the 70th anniversary of the organising Hillsborough Club, while Sunflower sponsor Jim Finlay is entering his 40th year as the title sponsor of Ireland's premier short circuit meeting.
British Superbike star Glenn Irwin will return to the Co. Down venue on the PBM Be Wiser Ducati to defend the crown he won for the first time in 2016, with fellow Carrick man Alastair Seeley amongst the opposition on the IFS Yamaha R1.
Seeley competed in the last two rounds of the Masters Superbike Series on the machine and chalked up a hatful of wins – including a treble at the final round last weekend.
The 38-year-old has used the outings to get to grips with the ex-Robert English Yamaha before the Sunflower showpiece from October 20-21, which brings the curtain down on the 2017 Irish short circuit season.
A number of names are yet to be officially confirmed for the event, including Stockport's Christian Iddon and Danny Buchan, who filled the rostrum places behind Irwin last year.
Iddon has signed a new deal for 2018 with the Tyco BMW team and is expected to take his place on the grid, while Essex rider Buchan has been a regular since his debut in 2014, winning the trophy twice in successive years only to be denied a treble by Irwin 12 months ago.
To mark the Hillsborough Club's anniversary, a parade of past winners will take place, with Scotsman Brian Morrison set to make the trip over. Morrison became the first rider to win the Sunflower feature race three times in a row and remains a firm favourite with the fans here.
Glenn Irwin's father Alan, who won the trophy in 1982 and 1986, will also participate, while Noel Hudson joins the line-up along with Matt Llewellyn. The parade riders will have the chance to ride some very exotic machinery thanks to the support of Classic racing aficionados John Chapman and Dean Simkins, who will provide bikes including a 500 MV Agusta and 350cc Benelli, plus an ex-GP 500 Cagiva.
The famous race, first held at Aghadowey near Coleraine in 1977 when Joey Dunlop was the inaugural winner, is synonymous with ‘Mr Sunflower' Jim Finlay.
Some of the biggest names in motorcycling have competed at the event, including Ron Haslam on the Pepsi Suzuki GP bike, World Superbike legend Carl Fogarty; Jamie Witham, Rob McElnea, Jeremy McWilliams, Eddie Laycock, Jurgen and Patrick van der Goorbergh; triple World Superbike champion Jonathan Rea, John Reynolds, Chris Walker and Michael Laverty to name a few.
Finlay, who previously sponsored legendary riders including Tom Herron and Jackie Hughes, is not a man who seeks the limelight, but his contribution to the Sunflower Trophy races over the past four decades has been immeasurable.
The Hillsborough Club and Irish motorcycling owes him a huge debt of gratitude.
CLEVELAND: An Ohio man who allegedly shot and killed another man while streaming it live on Facebook on Sunday claimed in the video that he snapped because of a woman, according to police, who urged the suspect to turn himself in.
Law enforcement was searching the Cleveland area and beyond for Steve Stephens, the suspect who police said walked up to an elderly man and shot him while on video, said Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams.
The victim was identified as 74-year-old Robert Goodwin Sr.
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson publicly urged Stephens to turn himself in to police and not to “do any more harm to anybody.”
“Any problems he is having, we can have a conversation,” Jackson said.
In the video, Stephens said he snapped because of a woman, and then later claimed to have killed more than a dozen other people. Williams said police have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
“There are no more victims that we know are tied to him,” he said.
The chief also said they've been talking with family and friends of Stephens, who is employed at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike, near Cleveland.
“We are shocked and horrified and we don't know anything more about it,” agency spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer told WOIO-TV. “We hope and pray that he is arrested as soon as possible and we hope and pray for a resolution quickly.”
It was not immediately known what Stephens does for the agency, which said it will serve more than 18,000 children and families this year, according to its website.
Authorities said Stephens broadcast the video live on the social media network Sunday afternoon. It was up for about three hours before it was removed. Stephens Facebook page also has been removed.
This is not the first time Facebook Live has been used to broadcast violence or death. In January, four people in Chicago were arrested after they allegedly beat and taunted a mentally disabled man live on the social media site. Then in March, a 15-year-old Chicago girl was apparently sexually assaulted by five or six men or boys on Facebook Live, and none of the roughly 40 people who watched the live video reported the attack to police, authorities said.
“This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,” said a spokesperson for Facebook. “We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety.”
Police say Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous.
Williams said Stephens may be driving a newer model white Ford Fusion, possibly with a temporary license plate. He is described as a black man with a bald head and beard, standing 6 foot 1 inch and weighing 240 pounds. Anyone with information is asked to call 911.
CLEVELAND: An Ohio man who allegedly shot and killed another man while streaming it live on Facebook on Sunday claimed in the video that he snapped because of a woman, according to police, who urged the suspect to turn himself in.
Law enforcement was searching the Cleveland area and beyond for Steve Stephens, the suspect who police said walked up to an elderly man and shot him while on video, said Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams.
The victim was identified as 74-year-old Robert Goodwin Sr.
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson publicly urged Stephens to turn himself in to police and not to “do any more harm to anybody.”
“Any problems he is having, we can have a conversation,” Jackson said.
In the video, Stephens said he snapped because of a woman, and then later claimed to have killed more than a dozen other people. Williams said police have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
“There are no more victims that we know are tied to him,” he said.
The chief also said they've been talking with family and friends of Stephens, who is employed at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike, near Cleveland.
“We are shocked and horrified and we don't know anything more about it,” agency spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer told WOIO-TV. “We hope and pray that he is arrested as soon as possible and we hope and pray for a resolution quickly.”
It was not immediately known what Stephens does for the agency, which said it will serve more than 18,000 children and families this year, according to its website.
Authorities said Stephens broadcast the video live on the social media network Sunday afternoon. It was up for about three hours before it was removed. Stephens Facebook page also has been removed.
This is not the first time Facebook Live has been used to broadcast violence or death. In January, four people in Chicago were arrested after they allegedly beat and taunted a mentally disabled man live on the social media site. Then in March, a 15-year-old Chicago girl was apparently sexually assaulted by five or six men or boys on Facebook Live, and none of the roughly 40 people who watched the live video reported the attack to police, authorities said.
“This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,” said a spokesperson for Facebook. “We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety.”
Police say Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous.
Williams said Stephens may be driving a newer model white Ford Fusion, possibly with a temporary license plate. He is described as a black man with a bald head and beard, standing 6 foot 1 inch and weighing 240 pounds. Anyone with information is asked to call 911.
New Jersey Sen. Bob Menendez will face trial later this year on bribery and corruption charges after the Supreme Court refused Monday to toss his case.
The top court rejected Menendez's petition to end the case without providing comment to explain its reasoning.
“It's disappointing that the Supreme Court did not take this opportunity to set a clear, bright line of the separation of powers to ensure that Congress remains an independent and co-equal branch of government, free of interference and retribution from the executive as the Framers intended,” said Abbe Lowell, a lawyer for the Democratic senator.
“While the senator always understood it is rare that the Supreme Court hears any case before trial, given the gravity of the Constitutional issues raised, he believed it was important to try,” the lawyer added.
Menendez faces charges that he accepted bribes worth almost a million dollars and that he used his office to help his friend, Florida doctor Salomon Melgen.
Lowell said the senator maintains his innocence.
“As the senator has been saying for more than four years since the government began chasing these wild allegations, he has always acted in accordance with the law. Sen. Menendez remains confident that he will be vindicated when all the facts are heard at trial,” he said.
A century home was damaged by fire in Bradford and investigators have since deemed it suspicious. The call came in around 4:00 Sunday morning, to a historic home on Moore Street. Firefighters with the Bradford Fire service brought in partners from Innisfil to help fight the blaze, after which investigators moved in to comb for clues as to how the fire got its start. No damage estimate as of yet.
Columbia College Hollywood will present two free seminar and workshop events on Saturday, 2/10 that will provide industry advice for aspiring creative media professionals
Los Angeles, CA (PRUnderground) February 2nd, 2018
Columbia College Hollywood (CCH) will present two free workshop events on Saturday, February 10 that will provide professional industry advice for residents of the Los Angeles area who wish to pursue careers in directing, screenwriting, or acting for film, new media, and television. The events will take place at CCH's campus from 10am to 4pm at 18618 Oxnard Street in Tarzana.
“Anyone who's passionate about pursuing a career in creative media will gain tremendous awareness, insights, and guidance at our free events,” says CCH Dean, Dave Collins. “In one afternoon, they'll be inspired, enlightened, and energized by the information that's presented, and they'll have an improved understanding of how to successfully begin their journeys in the industry.”
Both of the free events will feature a variety of activities, including:
FILMMAKERS WORKSHOPS (1-4PM)
● Attendees can register to participate in an acting, directing, or screenwriting workshop featuring immersive college-level instruction with personalized attention, led by CCH's professional faculty.
● Each workshop is open to 12 students maximum, with one registration available per attendee.
FILMMAKERS OPEN HOUSE (10am-2pm)
● Hands-on, interactive demonstrations of acting, directing, editing, sound production, and cinematography will be presented.
● Attendees can attend, and participate in, presentations about careers in film/television with CCH's faculty, all of whom are working professionals in the industry.
● Attendees can tour CCH's production studios, classrooms, and facilities.
● Attendees can learn about CCH's summer high school programs, CCH's career development opportunities, and the unique CCH curriculum.
● Registered attendees may bring up to three guests.
All registered attendees at the events will be automatically entered to win a CCH Prize Pack, which will include a pair of Snapchat Spectacles.
CCH's free Filmmakers Workshops and Filmmakers Open House will take place on Saturday, February 10 from 1-4PM (Workshop – RSVP here) and 10am-2pm (Open House – RSVP here) on the Columbia College Hollywood campus at 18618 Oxnard Street in Tarzana. Online registration for the workshops is required (there will be no space for walk-in attendees).
For more information about the events, contact CCH – (800) 785-0585.
About Columbia College Hollywood
Founded in 1952, Columbia College Hollywood is a nonprofit, regionally accredited liberal arts college with a focus on creative media.
Columbia College Hollywood educates students in the art and science of communications and the diverse media of contemporary storytelling within an exploration of the liberal arts.
Columbia College Hollywood is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges Senior College and University Commission (WSCUC) to offer Bachelor of Fine Arts and Associate of Fine Arts degree programs in Cinema with an emphasis in acting, cinematography, directing, editing and visual effects, new media, producing, sound, and writing.
Cuomo's dug New York into a giant tax trap The opening salvo of Cynthia Nixon's challenge to Gov. Cuomo included a claim guaranteed to stir the passions of true-blue progressives: Cuomo, she said, “has given massive tax breaks to...
Cuomo's magical tax thinking Stung by the repeal of unlimited state and local tax (SALT) deductions on federal income taxes, and concerned by the implications for high-tax New York, Gov. Cuomo this week pledged...
What the tax bill really means for New York You don't have to be a fan of the federal tax deal to realize its impact on states like New York has been misrepresented by most of its leading political...
New York can't hide its high taxes any more Plenty of unintended consequences, positive and negative, will be lurking in the fine print of the tax reform bill unveiled Thursday by House Republicans. But it's already clear the plan...
The conservative case for keeping SALT in US taxes The tax-reform “framework” issued last week by President Trump and congressional Republicans has the laudable aims of reducing corporate and individual income-tax rates, simplifying the code and broadening the base....
Trump's right, Cuomo wrong about the woes of Upstate President Trump last week suggested that economically struggling upstate New York residents should be willing to move to areas with better job prospects. This wasn't exactly an original or outrageous...
New York's public schools vastly outspend the nation The courtroom war over New York's school funding is far from over. Capping 13 years of litigation in the landmark Campaign for Fiscal Equity case, the state Court of Appeals...
Here's a few billion Cuomo can send to the MTA right now Amid all the finger-pointing over who's to blame for the subway “summer of hell,” New York's leading politicians at least agree on this much: The transit system needs more money....
New York wastes billions on 'prevailing wage' construction jobs New York state, its local governments and public authorities are committed to spending tens of billions of dollars on public works in the next five to 10 years. But under...
Tina Knowles (a k a Beyoncé's mom) hosted her second annual Wearable Arts Gala in Los Angeles to benefit the WACO (Where Art Can Occur) Theatre Center.
The dress code for the evening was “From WACO to Wakanda,” inspired by “Black Panther,” which has had a huge influence on culture and style since its release.
The Knowles-Carter crew rolled out for the evening's festivities outfitted in their most extra garb. Beyoncé, who received the 2018 WACO Theatre Humanitarian Award, and daughter Blue Ivy stole the spotlight in matching gold frocks created by designers Falguni and Shane Peacock.
A post shared by Beylite (@beylite) on Mar 17, 2018 at 10:26pm PDT
Bey and Blue Ivy weren't the only fashionistas who brought their style A-game. Click through to see the craziest looks from the night.
Irish based technology firms raised a record €888m last year, up 70% from the figure of €522m in 2015.
This is according to the Irish Venture Capital Association's Venture Pulse survey, which was published today in association with William Fry.
Michael Murphy, chairman of the IVCA, said the performance was particularly significant as venture capital activity in the US declined by 13% and by 4% in the UK last year.
"The figures demonstrate the continuing attraction of Irish tech firms by international investors. International syndicate investors, working with local venture capital firms, invested €548m in 2016 compared to €294m in 2015," he added.
The life sciences sector secured 52% of the total funds raised last year, with 11 companies raising over 38% of the total.
"The life sciences sector in Ireland is showing signs of maturity and is benefiting from the State's investment in R&D through Science Foundation Ireland," commented Regina Breheny, director general of the IVCA.
Another area of growing significance in Ireland was fintech.
"Fintech is disrupting the traditional banking model and growing in response to a different regulatory environment that emerged after the recent financial crisis, " she stated.
Get the Mach newsletter.
Three weeks ago, a Yale University neuroscientist, Nenad Sestan, explored the ethical implications of experiments using human brain tissue in an essay in the journal Nature. Then last week Sestan's own brain research was splashed across tabloids under lurid headlines like "Yale experiment to reanimate dead brains promises 'living hell' for humans."
First, a reality check: Sestan's research used pig brains, not human ones, and nothing was reanimated. Bringing a dead brain back to life remains squarely in the realm of science fiction. But what Sestan and his team accomplished does take science into uncharted waters. Brain research is advancing so quickly that ethicists are scrambling to keep up.
The Yale researchers collected brains from 200 pigs at a local slaughterhouse and rushed them back to their lab, where the organs were kept medically active (though not conscious) by a system of pumps, heaters and oxygen-carrying fluid. The system is known officially as BrainEx and unofficially as “brain in a bucket.”
Sestan declined to speak with MACH about the experiment, pending the publication of results in a scientific journal. Most of what we know about his work comes from news reports of a recent workshop on brain science and ethics convened in Bethesda, Maryland, by the National Institutes of Health.
But Sestan's work, which he described at the meeting, is being widely discussed and debated by other attendees, including Anna Devor, head of a brain-imaging lab at the University of California, San Diego.
Devor is excited about what Sestan's research might mean for the treatment of strokes and heart attacks. “There's a very low survival rate for cardiac arrest, partly because we know so little about what's best for the brain after blood flow stops for a while,” she says, adding that decapitation in a slaughterhouse is a weirdly useful analog of what happens when the heart stops pumping.
BrainEx shows that it is possible to keep brains alive, both for lab research and, potentially, for human medical therapy. “This result also shows the gray area around the idea of ‘brain death,'” Devor says, and could perhaps someday be used to pull patients back from the shadows. “The hope is that we can transition people in a coma back into a state where the brain is active,” she says.
Human brains in mouse skulls
Just as the BrainEx news was spreading, a group led by Fred Gage at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in La Jolla, California, announced that they had performed another feat of neural engineering. Whereas Sestan is finding ways to keep brains alive, Gage's team is growing new brains — using human cells.
The Salk team introduced clumps of human brain tissue inside the brains of lab mice, and got these “organoids” to diversify and develop a network of connections. Previously, brain organoids were grown in test tubes or lab dishes that severely limited their growth. Implanting them into an animal host raises the scientific and ethical stakes.
Share
Instagram Stories are meant to be a collection of the moments from the last 24 hours but Instagram will soon allow you to upload those moments in bulk. On Tuesday, April 24, Instagram announced two Stories updates designed to streamline the process of creating those daily posts. The Instagram update brings multiple photo uploads as well as suggested location tags to Stories.
The first update allows users to add up to ten photos or videos to a Story at one time, rather than individually adding each image. Instagram says the update will allow users to preview their entire Story at once before publishing, but can also make it easier to update a Story once you get a better connection.
When adding to a Story, users will soon see a new icon at the top with multiple images layered together (similar to the icon Instagram uses in profiles to mark a post that has multiple images). Tapping that icon allows Instagrammers to add more than one image or video to the Story at a time, up to 10. Content is uploaded in whatever order the user selects the images in.
Once the content is selected, the edit screen still uses the usual slew of Stories' features like stickers — and only the upload is done in bulk, so other effects are applied to the images individually. The individual images are displayed in a filmstrip at the bottom for navigating to each one to edit before uploading. Instagram will then show a preview of that full upload, allowing users to preview their entire Story at once.
The second Stories update rolling out is location suggestions. When using location-based stickers, Instagram will soon suggest places near where the photo was captured, if the geo-tagging feature on the smartphone was turned on. Instagram says the option is designed to make it easier to remember where the image was captured, even when uploading a Throwback Thursday to a Story.
Both updates are available for Android users with an app update beginning today. iOS users will see the feature too, but the update isn't available yet. Instagram says iOS users can find the update “in the coming weeks.”
[December 11, 2017] New Perspective Senior Living Selects It's Never 2 Late to Connect Senior Residents with Caregivers, Loved Ones
DENVER, Dec. 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- New Perspective Senior Living has selected It's Never 2 Late® (iN2L) to provide senior-centered digital engagement technology throughout its 21 communities in Illinois, Minnesota, North Dakota and Wisconsin. New Perspective residents and caregivers will have access to the full breadth of iN2L systems. These include iN2L Engage, which supports the company's continuously updated library of personalized engagement content, and iN2L Focus, a tablet that allows caregivers to reach seniors where they are, regardless of physical or cognitive abilities. In all, nearly 200 systems are scheduled for implementation, as gateways to iN2L's vast applied content library. Preview iN2L Focus here. Residents use a touch screen to easily access and "favorite" educational, spiritual, and social content personalized to their unique preferences, as well as their level of cognitive, physical and technical ability. Accessing e-mail and web cams to connect with family and friends, participating in mind-stimulating activities and improving hand-eye coordination. The senior-friendly design makes it easy for residents, even those who have never used computer technology before, to stimulate their intellectual curiosity, prompt joyful memories and stay connected with the people in their lives—individually, in group settings or one-on-one with caregivers. Additionally, the mobility of technology, like the Focus tablets, enables caregivers to take the technology where the resident is—an apartment, common area or favorite cozy corner of the community. "iN2L represents a unique opportunity for all our team membes to provide ongoing, personalized engagement with the seniors in their care," said New Perspective President & CFO Ryan Novaczyk. "In addition, iN2L enables our team members to create operational and workflow efficiencies, improve resident wellbeing and differentiate us in a competitive market. I anticipate that iN2L technology will be utilized in a large majority our life engagement activities occurring in the communities every day." For caregivers, iN2L personalizes engagement with residents and aids in care workflow through device settings configurable for each senior. iN2L also supports initiatives to improve memory care, mitigate the effects of boredom and loneliness, and modify negative or unhealthy behaviors. The technology implementation will impact nearly 2,000 senior residents in 21 New Perspective communities in the Twin Cities and Duluth, Minnesota; Fargo, North Dakota; Green Bay, Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin; and the Quad Cities in Illinois. New Perspective plans to distribute and train caregivers on iN2L Focus tablets in December, and stagger the rollout of the Engage platform, enabled on 70-inch and 23-inch monitors, over the course of several months.
"We're excited to partner with New Perspective in its mission to put their residents first and create an environment of positive engagement and social connectedness," said Tom Bang, CEO of iN2L. "Over the past two years we have redesigned our product platform and service offerings to better enable staff and families to reach the people they care for wherever they are with iN2L's vast content library. Ryan and his team are the first in the country to adopt iN2L as a complete engagement solution throughout their communities. Together we will help bridge meaningful engagement among caregivers, residents and their loved ones, critical to purposeful living." About It's Never 2 Late It's Never 2 Late® (iN2L) is an award-winning developer of digital engagement technology for senior living community residents, with over 2,500 installations in the United States and Canada. The company's picture-based, touchscreen interface provides easy connectivity to the Internet, including video chat and e-mail, regardless of users' physical and cognitive abilities. Additionally, iN2L's media library offers more than 4,000 social, educational and spiritual content options, as well as games developed specifically for individuals with cognitive challenges. Residents can realize the full benefits of interactive technology while reducing isolation, increasing cognitive stimulation and enhancing independence. For more information about iN2L, visit their website. Access case studies, research, testimonials, and our blog on our Ideas & Insights page. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. About New Perspective Senior Living Founded in 1998, New Perspective Senior Living (NPSL) is a family owned company that develops, owns and operates vibrant senior living communities in Minnesota, North Dakota, Wisconsin and Illinois. Its foundational belief — that all seniors deserve to Live Life on Purpose® and age with dignity — was forged from the personal experience of Founder and CEO Todd Novaczyk and his family. For seven years, they cared for his mother-in-law, Betty Berkeley in their home as she struggled to maintain her strong, independent spirit while coping with Alzheimer's disease. Today, New Perspective Senior Living operates 21 senior living communities serving over 2,000 seniors through Independent Living, Assisted Living and Memory Care options, with a goal to be serving 10,000 seniors by 2025. Based in Eden Prairie, Minn., the company has won multiple awards including Top Assisted Living Facility, Best-of-the-Best Dining Experience and Top Workplaces. In addition, Todd Novaczyk, was recently profiled in the Senior Housing News, The Leadership Series, while Ryan Novaczyk was just named to 50 for the Next 50 by LeadingAge of Minnesota Contact: Matt Schlossberg
Amendola Communications for iN2L
mschlossberg@acmarketingpr.com
630-935-9136 Doug Anderson
VP of Marketing and Communications for New Perspective Senior Living
douganderson@npseniorliving.com
952-241-8224 View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-perspective-senior-living-selects-its-never-2-late-to-connect-senior-residents-with-caregivers-loved-ones-300569157.html SOURCE iN2L
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
A driverless car is officially coming to New York The first driverless car demonstration in New York State is scheduled in a couple of weeks when an Audi autonomous vehicle wheels around the state Capitol, Gov. Cuomo announced Wednesday....
Super Bowl ads incorporate humor, politics, and everything in between Advertisers tiptoed down the sideline during the Super Bowl on Sunday, with TV spots that struck a delicate balance between lighthearted humor and popular politics. Audi's support of gender pay...
Audi's Super Bowl ad sure looks like they were betting on Hillary A car ad about gender equality? By a female director? This year's Super Bowl advertisers may have planned for a Hillary Clinton presidency. Audi's 60-second Super Bowl commercial is pitched...
Volkswagen emissions scandal heads to court ALBANY – The Porsche, Audi and Volkswagen emissions scandal is headed to court. Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has joined his Massachusetts counterpart, Maura Healey, to accuse the German automaker and...
This driverless Audi probably handles 120 MPH better than you can Self-driving cars are the future of transportation, and the future is almost here. Google has been testing driverless cars for years now with great success, and there are even towns...
Keep tissues handy for this David Bowie-inspired Super Bowl ad Super Bowl Sunday is guaranteed to bring some tear-jerker moments — thanks in no small part to an emotional Audi spot featuring David Bowie's 1972 classic “Starman.” The luxury car...
Rev up your engines with this spring's hottest rides Audi R8 $120,000 The R8 supercar is “Iron Man” Tony Stark's choice of ground transport. The all-new 2016 model is based on the Lamborghini Huracán and shares its mid-mounted V-10...
Intelligent cars draw investors to tech stocks Technology and telecoms firms could be the big winners in a connected car market that may be worth $50 billion over the next decade, luring investors away from traditional automakers....
Sneak peek at the Super Bowl's show-stealing ads Super Bowl marketers are kicking into high gear this week. With just days to go before the big game, advertisers are looking to capitalize on heightened interest in the ad...
Corrupt officials in the executive branch, reform!
President Digong will start
ridding his turf of corrupt officials this year. He has no jurisdiction over those in the judiciary and legislature.
The President dismissed outright two associate commissioners of the Bureau of Immigration who were seen on CCTV cameras receiving bribe money.
ADVERTISEMENT
If memory serves me right, Mano Digong even said that just as he did to officials allegedly protecting drug syndicates, he would shame these corrupt executives by naming them publicly.
More than anything else, corruption in government has retarded the country's economic progress.
If the President is dead serious in drastically decreasing corrupt practices in government, he might want to adopt the unorthodox method he has employed in his war on drugs.
Utterly corrupt officials might be made to disappear or assassinated by motorcycle-riding gunmen.
Of course, these officials must first be warned to stop their nefarious activities and indirectly told of the dire consequences should they continue.
That is a surefire way the President can minimize, if not totally eliminate, corruption in government.
Charging them in court or in the Office of the Ombudsman and Sandiganbayan seems to have little or no effect on eradicating corruption.
Trials take a long, long time and most judges can be bribed.
The Sandiganbayan, for example, convicts only small-time grafters.
There is no doubt that we have a very corrupt judiciary.
Government officials who have amassed ill-gotten wealth by using their position are willing to share the booty with judges hearing their cases and many magistrates are only too willing to take bribes.
Assassinate the most corrupt or make them disappear and the fear will be so great bribe-taking and stealing of public funds will no longer take place in government.
* * *
Babes Romualdez, one of the columnists I respect who writes for another paper, has criticized Glock's selection as the PNP service firearm.
Babes said Glock is unsafe since it has no external safety lock like other pistols such as the 1911 model .45 cal. pistol.
I am a Glock user and I find the protruding safety pin on its trigger safer than other pistols whose safety is manipulated by thumb.
A loaded Glock will not fire if dropped accidentally because it's inherent in the gun that the trigger should be pulled before it can fire.
Other loaded pistols fire accidentally if they are dropped; an example is the .45 cal. pistol.
Glock was invented to replace the revolver which has no external safety mechanism; its safety is on the long trigger pull.
Aside from the protruding metal tab on the trigger, Glock has a long trigger pull like that of a revolver.
Babes also said that Glock cannot use “reloads” because of its unique design and rifling in the barrel.
Reloads are fired cartridges that have been reprimed, refilled with gunpowder and refitted with new heads or bullets.
Yes, Babes is right when he said firing reloads takes a toll on the Glock's barrel, but that is if the reloaded ammunition is made of lead.
There are many local gun stores and gunsmiths – like Armscor and True Weight – that coat reloads to fit Glock.
Besides, reloaded lead ammo is also not good for other gun barrels.
By the way, 50 percent of police departments and armed forces worldwide use Glock.
Mayflies swarm gas station in Slidell Submitted video from Sandy McCormick shows a swarm of mayflies at a gas station in Slidell, La. McCormick said "usually they are just on the ground and when you drive over them they make a "mayfly dust cloud" behind the car. " Sandy McCormick jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Submitted video from Sandy McCormick shows a swarm of mayflies at a gas station in Slidell, La. McCormick said "usually they are just on the ground and when you drive over them they make a "mayfly dust cloud" behind the car. " Sandy McCormick jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com
WASHINGTON — U.S. employers posted slightly fewer job openings in October than the previous month, but the number of people being hired improved.
The Labor Department says nearly 6 million jobs were available at the end of October, down from 6.18 million in September. Manufacturers, retailers, wholesalers and the information sector advertised fewer jobs.
But total hires rose 4.4 per cent to 5.55 million.
The government said last week that employers added a net total of 244,000 jobs in October and 228,000 in November. That partly reflected a recovery in hiring after the hurricanes dragged down jobs gains in September.
Despite the healthy job market, many people are staying in their jobs rather than departing for new ones. The number of quits held steady for a second straight month at 3.18 million.
Creighton needed more from Marcus Foster — more playmaking, more scoring and, most importantly, more communicating.
When vocal leader and star point guard Maurice Watson Jr. was lost to a torn ACL on Jan. 16 and was later suspended after being charged with first-degree sexual assault for allegedly raping a 19-year-old Creighton student early Feb. 4, it sent shockwaves through the program. Coach Greg McDermott sat down with Foster, a Kansas State transfer, and explained the significance of using his voice as much as his physical gifts.
“Marcus embraced what we've asked him to do,” McDermott said. “If we were going to be successful moving forward, it was going to be required that he does that.”
Foster made a difference in Thursday's quarterfinal win over Providence by encouraging his teammates from the bench while he sat with foul trouble, and on Friday, he let his play do the talking. His pull-up 3-pointer with 6.6 seconds left sent No. 6 Creighton to a thrilling 75-72 Big East Tournament semifinal victory over seventh-seeded Xavier in front of a sold-out Garden crowd.
“We've been through a lot in the last five or six weeks, and for us to be sitting on the stage getting ready to play [Saturday] night [for the championship] is a credit to the character of the people I have in that locker room,” McDermott said.
The Bluejays will meet No. 1 Villanova on Saturday, looking to win their first league crown in their fourth year in the restructured league. They reached the final in 2014 but fell to Providence. The only sixth seed ever to win the Big East Tournament was Syracuse in 1981.
In the 14 games without Watson, Foster's game has gone up to another level. He's averaging 19 points per game and 3.5 assists, reaching double figures each game. He's been Creighton's constant, a power guard with a soft touch from the perimeter who has improved defensively.
After Xavier's Trevon Bluiett pulled Xavier even at 72 with 15.6 seconds left, Creighton (25-8) pushed the ball. McDermott opted against using a timeout, and Foster rewarded him with a clutch jumper, his fourth 3-pointer of the evening.
It was the latest memorable moment in a season full of them for Foster. He had a big freshman season at Kansas State, but his sophomore year went off the rails. His numbers fell, and he was dismissed from the team after a three-game suspension for violating team rules. He transferred to Creighton, which had recruited him in high school, and sat out last year.
“It means a lot to me, especially growing up always wanting to play in Madison Square Garden and having this moment,” Foster said.
This undated photo released by the Nevada Department of Corrections shows inmate Raymond Wallace Shuman. The 83-year-old Nevada prison inmate who was serving two life terms has died three decades after his case resulted in a U.S. Supreme Court decision that overturned state laws requiring the death penalty for prison lifers who commit murder. Shuman died at Carson Tahoe Medical Center in Carson City on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, nearly six decades after he was committed to the prison system from Nevada's Mineral County in 1958 to serve a life term for murder. Nevada Department of Corrections via AP)
It stinks to live in parts of College Point and Forest Hills, Queens, which contain two stench-filled areas that rank as the Big Apple's smelliest.
A malodorous stretch of 14th Avenue near and 129th and 130th streets in College Point smells worse than any other part of the city, a Post analysis of calls to 311 found.
Over the last seven years, neighborhood residents filed a staggering 772 outdoor odor complaints. Most of the gripes were logged as “odor/fumes, vehicle idling” and at least 15 for “chemical odor.”
Residents blame a regular lineup of semi trucks.
“We've been breathing this disgusting, horrible exhaust for years,” fumed Iraida Engersbach, 52. “We can't even sit in our backyard anymore because the trucks just sit there all hours of the day.”
The trucks surround a row of warehouses and garages housing a building contractor, a truck rental, a restaurant supply and a stainless steel manufacturer. City inspectors come by now and then — but the trucks keep idling.
“All these truck companies get is a slap on the wrist,” said Engerbach's husband, Edwin Lopez, 34. “It's an ongoing nightmare.”
A section of Forest Hills on 69th Road between Sybilla Street and Metropolitan Avenue generated 482 complaints, mostly for “chemical odor.”
“It smells like burnt tires and chemicals all the time,” said Violetta Valenzuela, 68, whose home is next to the Department of Transportation Queens roadway maintenance building, where trucks and equipment are stored.
But other residents say the smell isn't that bad, and blame a serial 311 caller.
“We have a neighbor who's off her rocker and thinks toxic fumes are coming into her house,” said George Schramm, 62. “She set up seven big, industrial fans in her driveway to blow the nonexistent fumes away.”
The smelliest block in Manhattan, as measured by the number of 311 complaints, is 117th Street, but residents blame a bar and grill a block away for the odor.
Residents of 304 W. 117th St. helped push up the number of complaints on the block to 147, the data shows. But officials said many of the gripes center around the Harlem Tavern, a popular restaurant on Frederick Douglass Boulevard near West 116th Street.
“The smoke from their kitchen, which smells like burnt steaks and burgers, is blown right up the side of the building,” said the building super, who identified himself only as Ymer.
Harlem Tavern was issued a violation for the odor, said Department of Environmental Protection spokesman Edward Timbers, but Ymer has smelled no changes. The tavern did not comment.
3SC Management Threatens Sack Over Poor Performance
Adebayo Waheed,
The Management of Shooting Stars Sports Club of Ibadan, Oyo State threatened to sack the technical crew over alleged poor performance in the Nigerian Professional League.
It gave an ultimatum to the technical crew of the team to immediately find a way out of the relegation zone in the ongoing league or be ready to face sack.
The executive chairman of the club, Mr. Gbolagade Busari gave this stern warning at an emergency management meeting to evaluate the position of the club at rock bottom of the league table.
Busari disclosed that the technical adviser of the team, Mr. Fatai Amoo, was specifically reminded that his position, as the head of the crew will be evaluated on match-to-match basis and the Management will not hesitate to wield the big axe.
“The team has a crop of young and promising players that could excel in the Nigerian League and it is the duty of the technical crew to mould them into a successful side,” Busari added.
The chairman reiterated that the management will not tolerate any form of excuses on the part of the technical crew, urging that all efforts should be harnessed to see that the team survives the relegation battles.
Speaking, the state Commissioner for Youth and Sports, Mr. Yomi Oke promised that the government will redouble its efforts in supporting the team in its bid to bring back the glory of Shooting Stars, adding that the teeming supporters, who are not happy with the team, will soon have smiles on their faces.
The post 3SC Management Threatens Sack Over Poor Performance appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Prominent Iowa hoops coach arrested on child porn charge IOWA CITY, Iowa — A prominent Iowa basketball coach was jailed Tuesday on a child pornography charge after telling investigators he secretly recorded his adolescent players undressing in an attempt...
This 16-year-old might be the world's tallest teen A 16-year-old Brit is being hailed as the tallest teen in the world — standing at an incredible 7 feet and 4 inches. And to top it all, Brandon Marshall — who...
Bob Knight jersey stolen from high school fundraiser MASSILLON, Ohio — Organizers of a fundraiser for an Ohio high school say someone stole a jersey worn by Hall of Fame basketball coach Bob Knight. The Independent in Massillon...
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Inspections of ships have been stepped up, but the UN says more must be done
North Korea earned nearly $200m (£141m) last year by exporting banned commodities in breach of international sanctions, a UN report says.
The report by a panel of experts said several countries including China, Russia and Malaysia had failed to stop the illegal exports.
It said there was evidence of military co-operation with Syria and Myanmar.
Pyongyang is subject to sanctions from the US, UN and EU over its nuclear and ballistic missile programmes.
But the report, which was submitted to the UN Security Council, said the North "continued to export almost all the commodities prohibited in the resolutions... between January and September 2017".
The report said several unnamed multinational oil companies were being investigated for their alleged role in supplying petroleum products to North Korea.
It said shipments of coal had been delivered to China, Malaysia, South Korea, Russia and Vietnam in breach of sanctions using "a combination of multiple evasion techniques, routes and deceptive tactics".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How would war with North Korea unfold?
Monitors found that Myanmar and Syria continued to co-operate with North Korea's main arms exporter, Komid, despite it being on a UN sanctions blacklist.
The report said there was evidence that the North was helping Syria to develop chemical weapons and providing ballistic missiles to Myanmar.
Syrian officials had told the monitors that the only North Korean experts on its territory were involved in sports.
Myanmar's ambassador to the UN said the country had no arms relationship with North Korea.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
He has a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
Most applicants are capable, but it's a lot harder to find someone who is easy to get along with.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
When it comes to success in life, don't count on the “X factor” to give you a boost. Consider your “L factor” instead.
Are you likable? Are you sure? It could determine whether you get raises, promotions and invitations. It could also trump competence and skill in certain cases.
Can you make yourself more likable? Absolutely, experts say.
“The reality is social skills, being happy and being positive around others — that doesn't come naturally to a lot of people,” said Patrick King, author of "The Science of Likability: 27 Studies to Master Charisma, Attract Friends, Captivate People, and Take Advantage of Human Psychology."
“It's not easy. It takes practice… [but] it's learnable.”
The “L factor” looms large when companies choose who to hire. It's all about that elusive fit: Most applicants are capable, but it's a lot harder to find someone who is easy to get along with, King noted.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Are You the Office Jerk? You Probably Wouldn't Know It 00:01:20
When people have a choice of who to work with, likability can sometimes matter a little bit more than competence, said Tiziana Casciaro, an associate professor at the University of Toronto's Rotman School of Management, who researches likability in the workplace.
“When somebody lacks basic rapport with a colleague, they will not work with them; they will try to avoid them, even when they recognize their competence,” Casciaro said.
What can you do to increase your chances of being liked? These strategies can help:
Find the little thread that links you with another person
“The biggest driver of liking is similarity. We like people like ourselves,” Casciaro said. “It increases warmth and the sense of camaraderie.”
You can induce a sense of similarity with almost anybody by finding things you have in common. They may not be apparent right away, so be observant. Great salespeople do this all the time by studying potential customers for bits and pieces of their lives they can relate to, she noted.
You could look for little clues on a person's desk or ask about her hobbies. Perhaps you've both been to Paris or you're both addicted to Nutella or you both love “Game of Thrones.” Be sure to let the other person know about your shared common ground.
Like someone and they'll like you right back
We like people who seem to like us — it's almost irresistible, Casciaro noted.
Flattery can convey fondness, but she doesn't recommend using the fake manipulative kind, even though it may work. “People believe compliments even if they are absolutely absurd. We want to believe them,” she said. “[But] flattery that is completely made up is exhausting and morally reprehensible.”
Instead, let a compliment come from a real place. See the positive in a person and express it to them: “I really appreciate what you did yesterday.” When you give people kudos, it goes a very long way towards them liking you back.
Be a familiar presence
Humans like things that are familiar, so just seeing you around in person makes you more likable to others.
“This concept gives a whole new meaning to the idea of face time,” Casciaro said. “When you have the opportunity to relate to your colleagues face-to-face, do so.”
Swing by a coworker's desk rather than messaging him. Go to after-work drinks if you have time and would find the outing enjoyable — if not, just try to talk to people as much as possible in person during work hours, she advised. You want to maximize rich interactions and cut down on the drier ones, like texts and phone calls. Be sure to be seen.
When you give people kudos, it goes a very long way towards them liking you back. When you give people kudos, it goes a very long way towards them liking you back.
Be a little vulnerable
In a recent study, people liked a robot that made mistakes “significantly more” than a robot that performed flawlessly. The findings confirm the “Pratfall Effect,” a psychological phenomenon that found when someone we consider superior or distant makes a clumsy blunder, it makes him more likable. The effect is endearing, whether it's committing a small gaffe or revealing a slightly awkward personal detail, so be OK with sometimes sharing something that makes you a bit vulnerable, King said.
“People seem to enjoy the fact that I was a fat kid,” he noted. “Introducing a weakness or a flaw about yourself … is about showing your humanity.”
A person who seems absolutely beyond reproach and fabulous in every way can elicit envy, so showing a little bit of vulnerability can help, Casciaro added. Celebrities do this all the time by sharing self-deprecating stories, often with a bit of humor.
Ask lots of questions
Have a genuine sense of wonder and curiosity about the other person, King advised. A recent study found people who asked more questions, particularly follow-up questions, were better liked by their conversation partners.
“When you have curiosity and when you care about someone, the conversation takes care of itself,” King said.
2017 All Catholic Boys Golf Championships Monsignor Martin High School Athletic Association
Date Monday, October 9, 2017
Site Tan Tara golf club, North Tonawanda, New York
Structure 18 holes medal play for team championships
Shotgun Start 9 am over entire golf course
Division A-Low 5 of 6 scores per team will count toward team total
Division B-Low 4 of 6 scores per team will count toward team total
18 holes of medal play for individual championship and New York State Catholic High School athletic association (NYSCHSAA) state qualifier.
The low, 18-hole scores(s) will be recognized as individual champion(s). No playoff will be held in the case of multiple champions. The low six scores and ties will be recognized as members of the All-Catholic team.
The Course Hole 1: 175 yards Hole 2: 531 yards Hole 3: 500 yards Hole 4: 422 yards
Hole 5: 345 yards Hole 6: 393 yards Hole 7: 409 yards Hole 8: 382 yards
Hole 9: 142 yards Front Nine Total: 3299 yards
Hole 10: 126 yards Hole 11: 539 yards Hole 12: 407 yards Hole 13: 504 yards
Hole 14: 333 yards Hole 15: 302 yards Hole 16: 364 yards Hole 17: 355 yards
Hole 18: 160 yards Back Nine Total: 3090 yards Course Total: 6389 yards
Spectators Spectators will not be allowed on the golf course during play. They may watch from the clubhouse and surrounds, which afford views of the 1st and 10th tees, and the 9th and 18th greens.
Regular Season Highlights
Division A Team Champion TBD
Division B Team Champion St. Mary's of Lancaster
Low 9-hole individual score Dylan Angelo (St. Joseph's), 33 at Cazenovia Park
Low 9-hole team score Canisius High School, 191 at Cazenovia Park
Low 9-hole Average, Division A Dylan Angelo (St. Joseph's) 38
Low 9-hole Average, Division B Seiki Kawahara (Cardinal O'Hara) 39.7
64 Qualified Golfers
Bishop Timon-St. Jude (Buffalo)
Ryan Sheehan Fergus Gould Matt Fahey Chris Fisher Matt Pilski Brendan Gavin Leo Camiloni Cian Gould Pat Scherer
Canisius (Buffalo)
Matt Jackson Matt Maouad Will Scherrer John Rehak Noah Braun Mike Beecher Jack Coyne Ryan Coyne John Rooney
Cardinal O'Hara (Tonawanda)
Zack Doell Seiki Kawahara Alex Kubuniec
Christian Central (Williamsville)
Alex Fink
Gow School (South Wales)
Zach Schectman Ben Fach Zach Eatroff Phil Davis
Nichols School (Buffalo)
Cavin Derrigan Anthony Tuber Gabe Schulefand Jack Stephen Jack Schlehr Andrew Darby Ashrut Sood Owen Daniels Carson Kania
Park School (Amherst)
James Ellegate Shea Warren Alex Shop Noah Hutchins
St. Francis (Athol Springs)
Mike Donner Jack Haxton MIke Tomczak Noah Unger Nikko Lazzara Scott Emmerling Zach Plecas Ian Aigner
St. Joseph's (Kenmore)
Dylan Angelo Shane Broad Connor MacDonald John Lomeo Will Ritchie Paul Dinicolantonio Max Lin Trey Perry
St. Mary's (Lancaster)
Alex Bellet Brady O'Brien Peter Duane Sam Dantonio Santo Lima Jared Mangan Cole Laskowski
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Albert P. Macisco, 77, of Trumbull, owner/operator of A & L Movers, formerly employed by Atlas Van Lines and North American Van Lines, husband of Laurie D'Onofrio Macisco, died Aug. 12, at Bridgeport Hospital.
Born in Bridgeport on Oct. 28, 1939, son of the late Nicholas and Mary Negrelli Macisco; U.S. Army veteran.
Besides his wife, survivors include three children, Shawn Macisco and his wife, Janet of Texas, Darlene Todd and her husband, Scott and Candice Preston and her husband, Dean, all of Florida, two grandchildren, Joshua Aidan and Shawneen, siblings, James Macisco and his wife, Joan, Raymond Macisco and his wife, Lorraine and Violet Royer, all of Florida and Louise Provenzano of Stratford, a sister-in-law, Joan Mills of Trumbull, as well as many nieces, nephews and cousins.
Also predeceased by a grandson, Dakota Macisco, two brothers, Anthony and Frederick Macisco, two sisters, Dorothy Kerekes and Elizabeth Mooney and his dog, Lady.
Services: Saturday, Aug. 19, 9 a.m., St. Theresa Church, 5301 Main Street, Trumbull. Burial will follow in Gate of Heaven Cemetery, Trumbull. Calling hours: Friday, Aug. 18, 4-8 p.m., Abriola Parkview Funeral Home, 419 White Plains Road, Trumbull.
Memorial contributions: Cure SMA, 925 Busse Rd., Elk Grove Village, IL 6007.
2:02 Repo man felt bad taking elderly couple's car. Here's how he made it up to them. Pause
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
Serena Williams begins Wimbledon 2018 as the 25th seed, despite being ranked 182 in the world – having given birth to a baby girl in September 2017.
Advertisement
Her return to the game has not been easy. Since playing her first match in February, she has suffered back-to-back exits from Indian Wells, Miami and last month's French Open, after she was forced to withdraw from a fourth round clash with long-time rival Maria Sharapova due to an injury sustained in a third round doubles match alongside her sister Venus (they were defeated by Andreja Klepač and María José Martínez Sánchez).
Williams is a seven-time Wimbledon winner, and is richly deserving of her place in the seeds alongside rivals Simona Halep, Caroline Wozniacki and Garbine Muguruza, though the world number 32, Dominika Cibulkova, who is now unseeded as a result, might not see it that way…
Advertisement
When is Serena Williams playing her second round match at Wimbledon?
Serena Williams powered through her first-round test against Arantxa Rus, beating the Dutch player 7-5 6-3. Next she faces Viktoriya Tomova from Bulgaria, who is ranked 135. That match takes place on Wednesday 4th July – Serena is third on Centre Court, after Roger Federer, so is likely to play in the late afternoon/early evening. Check out the full order of play here for more information.
After England's exhausting penalty shootout win, we could probably all do with a break before the quarter-finals
The Last 16 stage at the 2018 World Cup is over, England are – remarkably – through to the quarter-finals, and all is right with the world – apart from one thing.
Advertisement
This Wednesday 4th and Thursday 5th July there will be no live football matches on TV.
Why is there no live World Cup football on TV today?
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but – there are no World Cup matches being played on Wednesday or Thursday this week.
Don't worry, nothing bad has happened – we've just come to the end of the Last 16, meaning there is a short break before the quarter-finals begin on Friday 6th July.
After England's incredible penalty shootout win on Tuesday night, it's probably time everyone took a breather…
Advertisement
When is the football back on TV?
The football will resume with the first quarter-final matches on Friday 6th July. England's match meanwhile will be on Saturday afternoon. Check the full fixture guide for all the quarter-final matches here.
START YOUR OWN BUSINESS WORKSHOP 4 part series
START YOUR OWN BUSINESS four part workshop series - presented by The TTU Small Business Development Center. The following topics will be discussed:
Unit 1, Tuesday, May 9 - *Basics to start your own business Unit 2, Thursday, May 11 - *Marketing , Business Plan, and Networking Unit 3, Tuesday, May 16 - *Managing your business
WHEN: May 9,11,16, & 18, 2017.
COST: $49, first 10 participants pay only $5 for all 4 units WHERE: TTU SBDC, 2579 S. Loop 289, suite 114, Lubbock TX TIME: 6pm-9pm
Completion of 4 units is required to obtain a course certificate.
Advance payment is required to guarantee your seat in the workshop. The deadline for registering is noon on Monday, May 8, 2017.
Call Elaine @ 745-1637 to register.
: May 9,11,16, & 18, 2017. Unit 4, Thursday, May 18 - *Accounting & Financing four part workshop series - presented by The TTU Small Business Development Center. Posted:
4/17/2017
Originator:
ELAINE Melot
Email:
elaine.melot@ttu.edu
Department:
Northwest Texas SBDC Region
Event Information
Time: 6:00 PM - 9:00 PM
Event Date: 5/9/2017
Location:
TTU SBDC, 2579 S. Loop 289, suite 114, Lubbock TX 79423
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Small Business Development Center
Statistical Information provided by STATS
© 2017 Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these New Terms of Use and New Privacy Policy.
The 9-year-old boy was “slobbering at the mouth” in a 94-degree car Monday when a Good Samaritan got to him, according to police in Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
When he was discovered around 1 p.m. in a Home Depot parking lot, the boy had been sitting in the sweltering black Nissan Altima in direct sun for 15 to 20 minutes, according to police. The heat index that day hit 94 degrees, FOX 8 reports.
“There's a kid in the car, all of the windows are up,” the Good Samaritan said in a 911 call, which was obtained by FOX. “I got the alarm going 'cause I opened the door.”
The 911 caller said he found the car's rear driver-side door unlocked when he tried to open it. He also said that, when the child was still in the car, he appeared upset and maybe even unconscious or sick, WKYC reports.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
“I don't want to be standing here when the parents come out and I got his kid,” the caller told dispatchers.
The caller and boy waited for police to arrive, WKYC reports. Police found the boy with his hair drenched in sweat, and his face "extremely flushed.” The boy was autistic and seemed “confused about how to get out of the car," News 5 reports.
Paul Bayer, 65 Cleveland Heights Police
As police spoke to the boy, another officer went into the store looking for the child's guardian. Soon 65-year-old Paul Bayer, the boyfriend of the child's mother, ran out of the home improvement store, according to police. Bayer was arrested on child endangerment charges. He apologized for the incident.
"Why did you leave him in the car again?," police asked Bayer in bodycam footage obtained by FOX.
"He got real quiet,” Bayer responded, FOX reports. “I forgot he was with me, I came here for a quick run and I forgot I had him."
The child was treated at the scene and his condition improved. Authorities then returned the child to his 36-year-old mother, News 5 reports. After he was booked, Bayer was released on bond, police said.
But before he was booked, Bayer may have had a heat incident of his own, police said: Bayer had to lie down in the backseat of the squad car, saying he needed a drink of water, Patch reports. Police said Bayer was flushed as well. Bayer eventually was able to sit upright, and was given water at the police station.
Bayer is a bankruptcy attorney, FOX reports.
Police said the incident is a reminder of the dangers of leaving children in hot cars — not to mention children with special needs.
“The body temperature of a child left in a hot car can rise within minutes and this can lead to serious injury and possibly death,” the Cleveland Heights Police Department wrote on Facebook.
An ongoing experiment on micro-portraiture by Mother Volcano .
These themed little guys will either scare you or rock you, bring you presents or bring anarchy and take
An embattled member of the police watchdog Civilian Complaint Review Board — already under fire for allegedly sexually harassing female staffers — has been accused of inappropriately touching another co-worker while on...
Bowie fifth graders received their certificates for completing the Drug Abuse Resistance Education program coordinated at Bowie Intermediate School by School Resource Officer Travis Fuller and the Bowie Police Department. (Photos by Rosie Cole)
Students received their certificates, performed the DARE song and heard from the top essay students.
TAMPA, Fla. — Nick Folk's future with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers is up in the air.
The veteran kicker was signed in free agency to rectify a mistake the team made in drafting Roberto Aguayo in the second round last year, however he's been anything but a solution through four games.
Since going 4 for 4 on field goals to begin the season against the Chicago Bears and Minnesota Vikings, the 11-year pro has missed five of seven attempts, plus an extra point the past two games.
Folk missed three field goals, two of them in the fourth quarter during a 19-14 loss to New England on Thursday night.
The 32-year-old who's also kicked for the Dallas Cowboys and New York Jets during a long career suspects the Bucs (2-2) will bring some possible replacements in for tryouts before Tampa Bay reconvenes for practice next week.
“It's part of the business. I've been through it many times,” Folk said Friday before heading into a special teams meeting. “It's just part of the business.”
With the Bucs trailing 13-7, Folk missed a 56-yard attempt wide right on the final play of the first half. He missed kicks of 49 and 31 yards in the fourth quarter, the latter with 5:39 remaining and the Patriots clinging to a 16-7 lead.
The poor performance came on the heels of Folk missing two field goals and an extra point before making a 34-yard game-winner as time expired the previous week against the New York Giants.
Coach Dirk Koetter said after the game that he and general manager Jason Licht had discussed the situation and that “something will be forthcoming.”
“But, you don't want to make any rash decisions,” Koetter said.
The coach had little to add about Folk's future on Friday, shrugging off a question about impending plans to work out other kickers.
“I'm really not sure where that stands,” Koetter said.
Folk was signed last March to compete with Aguayo after the 2016 second-round draft pick struggled as a rookie.
One of the best kickers in college football history at Florida State, Aguayo went 22 of 31 on field goal also missed two extra points last season.
Folk, who won the job in training camp, is six of 11 on field goals and eight of 10 of extra points through four games.
“I've said this many times — whoever our guys are, I have total confidence in them,” Koetter said of the decision to go with Folk over Aguayo, who was released in August.
“I think Nick was kicking very well up until a week ago. He is a rough day against the Giants,” the coach added. “He came back, the one day we kicked in practice (before the New England game), he kicked very well. We had no reason to think Nick wasn't going to kick well last night.”
After playing twice in five days, players will have the weekend and Monday off before returning to work on Tuesday.
“I'll probably get away, hang out with my wife and kids,” Folk said. “That's all you can really do right now.”
The kicker said he had not yet watched film of Thursday night's misses, but that he will at some point.
“You have to be able to evaluate yourself, look at it and improve,” Folk said, adding that when practice resumes that he'll “get back out there and keep going.”
“That's all you can do,” he said.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL.
TOKYO — Japan has a new cafe where customers can enjoy coffee brewed and served by a robot barista.
The robot named Sawyer debuted this week at Henna Cafe in Tokyo's downtown business and shopping district of Shibuya. The shop's name in Japanese means “strange cafe.”
The single-armed robot scans a ticket purchased from a vending machine and greets the customer.
“Would you care for a delicious coffee?” the barista, with a screen showing a pair of cartoon eyes, asks in a flat tone. “I can make one better than human beings around here.”
It grinds the coffee beans, fills a filter and pours hot water over a paper cup for up to five people at once. A cup of brewed coffee costs 320 yen ($3) and takes a few minutes.
Sawyer can also operate an automated machine for six other hot drinks including cappuccino, hot chocolate and green tea latte.
Customers, many of them young men, took photos with their smartphones while they waited in line.
The cafe operator, travel agency H.I.S. Co., says robots can increase productivity while also entertaining customers.
“An essential point is to increase productivity,” said Masataka Tamaki, general manager of corporate planning at H.I.S. He said only one person needs to oversee the robot cafe, compared to several people needed at a regular coffee shop, so it can serve better quality coffee at a reasonable price.
Tamaki says it's not just about efficiency. “We want the robot to entertain customers so it's not like buying coffee at a vending machine,” he said.
Takeshi Yamamoto, a 68-year-old restaurant employee who works in the neighborhood, said his first experience with the robot cafe was very enjoyable, and his robot-made coffee was delicious.
“It's quite rich, and tastes very good,” Yamamoto said, as he took a sip. “You can get machine-made coffee at convenience stores, too, and it's actually good. But here, I had great fun.”
Image copyright Londonderry Sentinal
Image copyright Portadown Times
Image copyright Ballycastle Chronicle
Image copyright Fermanagh Herald
Image copyright County Down Outlook
Image copyright Strabane Chronicle
A grieving woman whose partner died in a car crash in November has had yet more heartbreak to deal with.
Lara Smith, 25, had just moved to a new home on Main Street in the town when she was targeted by thieves.
Her boyfriend Stephen McElwee died following a two-vehicle crash on the Sion Mills road in November.
The mother-of-two ordered oil on Friday to heat the new home and all 500 litres were stolen on Sunday.
She said she had been "devastated" by her partner's death and thought moving to a new house would help the family "put everything back together".
"We've had a very bad year. My children are heartbroken," she told the Strabane Chronicle.
Holy problems
Potholes, potholes, potholes - it seems Strabane has not escaped them.
Last week the Department for Infrastructure (DfI) released data about affected roads in Northern Ireland.
The Derry Road leading to Patrick Street is the worst affected, with 38 defects, the paper reports.
Image caption It seems nowhere - including Rathlin Island - can escape the odd pothole
UUP Councillor Derek Hussey says there has been a "dramatic increase" of potholes and tells the paper he has been receiving an increasing number of reports from concerned constituents.
And he feels the matter is not being dealt with quickly enough.
"The situation is a point of real concern for users when reported potholes remain unattended for an inordinate length of time," he said.
The DfI told the paper that over the Christmas period temporary repairs were carried out on defects, with permanent repairs planned to be carried out "as quickly as possible".
Donkeys in Rathlin
There's something of a running theme this week, because the Ballycastle Chronicle reports on a similar problem on its island neighbour.
Rathlin Island may be beautiful - but it seems the area also suffers from potholes, despite the lack of traffic.
And both locals and wildlife aren't happy.
One resident has called on the DfI to fix the problem and it seems it's not just people who are concerned - other regular roads users seem perturbed by the potholes.
A picture shows the resident ankle deep in a pothole with her three little donkeys inspecting the watery crater.
"Urgent action is needed," she tells the paper.
"The way to Rathlin is across the sea but we don't expect to still be aware when travelling on the island's roads.
"The road is becoming impassable to all regular traffic and is in no state for either locals or visitors to use," she adds.
'Disappointing but unsurprising'
There is anger in County Down over Sinn Féin's new president.
The Down Outlook reports on Mary Lou McDonald's attendance at a commemoration for an "IRA bomber" who tried to blow up a police station in 1972.
Peter McNulty was killed in a premature bomb explosion during an attack on Castlewellan RUC base.
Image caption Mary Lou McDonald attended a commemoration for an IRA bomber who tried to blow up a police station
Mrs McDonald attended the commemoration along with party colleagues MP Chris Hazzard and Mourne councillor Willie Clarke.
Ulster Unionist Alan Lewis said it was "disappointing but unsurprising".
"Perhaps Mrs McDonald could have used her visit to South Down constructively by visiting local businesses, schools, hospitals or simply take the opportunity to apologise to victims of IRA violence," he added.
Sinn Féin said in response that while it recognised there was "hurt throughout the community" there was "no hierarchy of victims".
The party described Peter McNulty's death as a "personal loss for his family and the nationalist community".
'Shame, tragedy'
Fly-tipping is becoming a problem in Rathfriland, the paper reports.
One local business owner claims the carcasses of three calves were dumped on a roadside and have rotted away.
Vanessa Drew told The Outlook the situation is so bad that she is too embarrassed to let any guests at her B&B walk down the road.
"It's a shame, it's a tragedy, it is very unnecessary really," said Ms Drew.
She said she would be reporting it to Armagh, Banbridge and Craigavon Borough Council.
She added that the area was important to local wildlife.
"There are more dragonflies there than anywhere else in the UK and this was one of the reasons why the refuse site was moved," added Ms Drew.
Times are a changing for school children in the north west.
The Londonderry Sentinel reports that the recently vacated former Foyle College Junior school will now become home to an educational facility for children with learning difficulties and associated disabilities.
The Cityside site on Northland Road in Derry closed after the junior school moved to the new £23.5m home on the Limavady Road in the Waterside in January.
Foyle SDLP MLA Mark Durkan told the paper the plans were "welcomed by all".
The paper also says there has been a strong reaction to a shop's closure.
Primark is set to close its branch in Lisnagelvin Shopping Centre.
SDLP Councillor Martin Reilly said he was shocked at the news and spoke to some of the concerned staff affected.
The store will close in April, but all employees will be offered "relocation opportunities" at the shop in the city centre.
In a statement, the company said its store on Newmarket Street would undergo a major refurbishment and any employee who doesn't want to move will be given the chance to relocate to other Primark stores throughout Northern Ireland.
'Plucky pensioner'
There's a "plucky" pensioner on the front page of this week's Fermanagh Herald.
The 95-year-old woman, who is partially sighted, came face-to-face with a man as he burgled her Lisnaskea home, a court heard.
She confronted the intruder after hearing a noise in her home in Castlebalfour Park and he reportedly fled from the scene.
However, she discovered her house had been completely ransacked and £200 had been taken.
The judge slammed those behind "cruel heartless attacks on the elderly".
'Want dad home'
A heartbroken family makes a desperate plea on the front of the Portadown Times.
Norman Prentice, 55, went missing about two weeks ago.
Police and community volunteers have spent that time searching in a bid to find the father-of-four.
His daughter Maria thanks those who have been helping in the search and tells the paper that the family "just want dad home".
"All we want is for our family to be whole again," she added.
Image caption Could Portadown become the new West End?
Finally, forget Broadway - Portadown is where it's at for an all-singing, all-dancing night out.
The paper reports that a "West End-style entertainment hub" is planned for the town.
Numerous plans are afoot.
The town is getting a £50,000 cash injection for lighting and decorations, and there are plans to extend retail opening hours.
The council has also put forward a plan for a Millennium Arts Centre Educational programme as well as a whole host of other ideas, including a "cultural diversity festival".
According to the paper, the long-term aim is to connect the riverside to the town.
Image copyright SweetSpot Image caption An estimated 200,000 spectators watched the North Lincolnshire stage of the Tour of Britain
The Tour of Britain race through North Lincolnshire boosted the local economy by almost £3m, officials have said.
North Lincolnshire Council said the event provided a "massive boost", including a £530,000 spend on accommodation.
Big names from the world of cycling, including Mark Cavendish and Gerraint Thomas, brought an estimated 200,000 spectators on the day.
Almost half came from outside the area, council leader Rob Waltham said.
He said almost £1m was spent on food and drink by spectators attending the event in September, with pubs reporting takings equivalent to the Christmas period.
The tour, won by Dutch rider Lars Boom, started in Edinburgh and finished in Cardiff a week later.
The 172-kilometre North Lincolnshire stage, won by Australia's Caleb Ewan, started from Normanby Hall Country Park and finished in the centre of Scunthorpe.
Mr Waltham said: "The £3m pumped into our local economy on race day is only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the benefits of hosting the Tour of Britain last year."
He said the event attracted a TV audience of about a million, which helped promote what the area has to offer.
"You can't put a price on that kind of publicity," he added.
Getty Image
There are all kinds of threats flying around these days — North Korea threatening Guam, China threatening to cut off trade to North Korea, and Donald Trump threatening pretty much everyone. Now you can add a new ultimatum to the list, this one from Nicolás Maduro Guerra, the son of the Venezuelan president. He didn't take kindly to Trump's pronouncement that he would use military force in Venezuela if necessary, and now Guerra says not only would he retaliate if that came to pass, that retaliation would come in the form of actually taking the White House by force.
“If the unlikely event of defiling the homeland came to pass, the rifles would arrive in New York, ” Guerra announced to Venezuelan state media. “Mr. Trump, we would arrive and take the White House.”
Ignoring for a moment that the White House is not in New York, this is Guerra's comeback to Trump's recent comment that “Venezuela is not very far away and the people are suffering, and they are dying. We have many options for Venezuela, including a possible military option if necessary.”
That was a response after Maduro's recent dismissal of Venezuelan parliament and replacement with his own Constituent Assembly. At least for now, Venezuela's military is busy keeping the peace in Caracas, where protests have broken out amongst Venezuelans tired of food shortages, worthless currency, the not-so-mysterious disappearance of their fellow citizens, and general chaos.
Guerra isn't the only Venezuelan to respond to Trump's threat, though. Venezuelan Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino said it would be a “crazy act” if Trump actually tried it. Not that it would it be the first time the U.S. involved itself in Venezuela's political woes or the governments of Latin American nations. None of those contras have yet resulted in Venezuelans storming the White House, but as always, these are complicated situations with one very uncomplicated U.S. president in charge.
(Via CNN)
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A federal judge has thrown out one of the charges against a Kansas man accused of plotting to attack Somali immigrants in the meatpacking town of Garden City.
U.S. District Judge Eric Melgren granted a defense motion to dismiss a firearms charge against Curtis Allen. The decision comes in the wake of a 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal panel's ruling in May in an unrelated case that found that a person convicted of misdemeanor domestic battery under a city ordinance can legally carry a gun.
Allen and co-defendants Patrick Stein and Gavin Wright still face charges of conspiring to detonate truck bombs at an apartment complex where Somali immigrants live.
All three men have pleaded not guilty.
Their trial is set for Feb. 20.
RIYADH: Royal Saudi Air Force (RSAF) aircraft have arrived in the US to participate in the “Red and Green Flag 2017” exercise for the sixth time in a row.
The RSAF is participating in the exercise, held at Nellis air base, with 11 Typhoons, air and technical crews, and air control teams.
The aircraft flew 9,000 miles with newly graduated pilots who will participate in the training and engage in simulated battles.
The journey passed through difficult weather conditions, but the pilots' skill and technical support staff were of great help.
The exercise entails a number of day and night flights aimed at planning joint execution of advanced combat operations. It will also include the participation of combat aircraft for air protection functions; air interdiction and near-air support against stationary and mobile targets. They will counter hostile forces using advanced electronic systems. This will create a spirit of competition and challenge for participants, and create a near-combat environment.
The exercise is one of RSAF's most important with the US Air Force and those of other countries.
RIYADH: Royal Saudi Air Force (RSAF) aircraft have arrived in the US to participate in the “Red and Green Flag 2017” exercise for the sixth time in a row.
The RSAF is participating in the exercise, held at Nellis air base, with 11 Typhoons, air and technical crews, and air control teams.
The aircraft flew 9,000 miles with newly graduated pilots who will participate in the training and engage in simulated battles.
The journey passed through difficult weather conditions, but the pilots' skill and technical support staff were of great help.
The exercise entails a number of day and night flights aimed at planning joint execution of advanced combat operations. It will also include the participation of combat aircraft for air protection functions; air interdiction and near-air support against stationary and mobile targets. They will counter hostile forces using advanced electronic systems. This will create a spirit of competition and challenge for participants, and create a near-combat environment.
The exercise is one of RSAF's most important with the US Air Force and those of other countries.
It's been dressed up as the newest, biggest and most exciting rivalry in rugby league.
But Paul Rowley says as far as Toronto Wolfpack are concerned, there is no grudge – or, in his own words, ‘no feeling' – with the Centurions ahead of their mouthwatering Championship opener on Sunday.
Rowley will return to the Leigh Sports Village for a game this weekend for the first time since resigning as Centurions coach on the eve of the 2016 Championship season.
Inevitably, Rowley was asked plenty of questions about his – and many of his players, who are former Leigh employees themselves – relationship with the club in the buildup to Sunday's game. He, however, insists the Wolfpack are not buying into any sort of rivalry.
He said: “It's funny, because my players have left that all behind. It was so long ago, we don't look back.
“From our point of view, there's no feeling there at all. We go over there and we don't look back. That's not being rude, we're just happy doing what we're doing and living our lives and enjoying ourselves. It's not a difficult theory to understand.
“I don't do any social media or anything like that, I don't read the press, but our boys do. They're chipping in at me saying people have said things and to be fair, we just giggle and have a laugh. There's no grudge at all. We'll turn up, play and leave. Win, lose or draw, if anyone is having a battle with us, there's no battle back from us. We'll be respectful and if we win, we'll be humble. If we lose, we'll take it in good spirit as well. It's sport at the end of the day. No dramas.”
Rowley did, however, admit a manufactured rivalry was good for the profile of the Championship – as the game arguably takes centre-stage above the Super League game between Widnes and Catalans on Sunday.
He said: “I think it's been fired up, and if the firing up of it makes a rivalry there – which is bizarre, given there's 3,000-odd miles between the two places – then great. Our owner will love it if there's more people being driven to our social media!”
The Wolfpack are expected to handle the Championship as well as they did League 1 in their inaugural season in 2017. And Rowley admits he's bowled over by how the Canadian city has taken rugby league to its heart in such a short space of time.
He said: “I have been surprised by it. On day one, there didn't look to be too many supporters there but I quickly realised they turn up fashionably late!
“Because they're used to baseball and other sports going on for hours, they time their entrance! In game one, we were 20 points up and two brawls in and they started rolling in! But by half-time, there's 7,500 in there and I was blown away. The following game, we met a guy who'd got a full-on Wolfpack tattoo on his leg! The whole buy-in and the passion is incredible: they love their sport, and what's not to love about rugby league?”
And despite all the talk of a Leigh-Toronto rivalry, Rowley does admit one thing: Sunday's game is the two best sides in the second-tier squaring off.
He insisted: “It's the two best teams, definitely. Us losing the three players recently has dampened things for us, but Leigh are very much a well put together outfit on and off the field.”
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption Ian Marshall was nominated for the seat by Taoiseach Leo Varadkar in February
Sinn Féin has said it will back Ian Marshall, a unionist former president of the Ulster Farmers' Union, in this week's Irish Senate by-election.
Mr Marshall was nominated for the seat by Taoiseach Leo Varadkar in February.
The seat had been left vacant by the resignation of Labour Senator Denis Landy.
It was reported at the time that the taoiseach was keen to introduce a unionist perspective to discussion and debate in the Seanad (senate).
Mr Marshall, who owns a farm near Markethill, County Armagh, has also consistently opposed Brexit, insisting there was "no compelling argument" for the UK to leave the European Union and that Northern Ireland's farmers would be better served remaining inside the European Union.
In a statement on Tuesday, Sinn Féin leader Mary Lou McDonald announced that the party will support Mr Marshall's candidacy.
She said: "I have met with Ian on a number of occasions in recent weeks and I have been impressed by his views on Brexit and the potential impact Brexit will have on the island, north and south.
"I believe Ian will be a strong Independent voice in the Seanad; providing an anti-Brexit unionist perspective, which is a welcome addition to the political discourse surrounding the issue in the Oireachtas.
She added: "From his time as a farmer, as president of the Ulster Farmers' Union, and his current position at Queen's University, Ian is particularly qualified and experienced to advocate on behalf of farmers and the agri-sector; which faces massive challenges in the time ahead.
"Ian is a unionist. I am an Irish republican. As I have stated repeatedly, the Ireland I want to see is one where one can comfortably be Irish or British, both or neither.
"I believe Ian can bring a new and interesting voice to the discussion surrounding a 'new Ireland'."
Like a phoenix from the ashes, Tan Mom has risen once again. The disaster formerly known as Patricia Krentcil has released a new music video, and it could very well...
A intelligence memo is photographed in Washington, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. After President Donald Trump declassified the memo, the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee released it based on classified information that alleges the FBI abused U.S. government surveillance powers in its investigation into Russian election interference. Susan Walsh AP Photo
Billie Jean King's 'Battle of the Sexes' racket to hit auction block The tennis racket used by Billie Jean King during the epic “Battle of the Sexes” match is set to sell for $200,000 at auction. On September 20, 1973, Wimbledon Champion...
Billie Jean King's nickname for Emma Stone is 'Peahead' How do you play a tennis great like Billie Jean King? Emma Stone, who does just that in the movie “Battle of the Sexes,” out Friday, puts aside a platter...
Emma Stone will close US Open with Billie Jean King tribute The US Tennis Association will celebrate the 50th anniversary of King's 1967 triple crown win with a pre-match ceremony.
Mayweather-McGregor won't be as outrageous as these bouts Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor will enter the ring next Saturday in the latest edition of two pro athletes going head to head in a unique showdown — whether or...
This tennis legend inspired by Venus Williams' resurgence Billie Jean King considers Venus Williams' performance this past year to be inspiring, especially because she did not think Williams would be able to play singles after her medical scare...
Don't go to the movies if you want to get your facts straight There is a movie about the 1973 Billie Jean King-Bobby Riggs match soon to be released. But first … Max Baer Jr., best known as the actor who portrayed Jethro...
Talented US teen backed by two of tennis' biggest names Billie Jean King and Rosie Casals have teamed up again — to try to develop a 16-year-old prodigy from Arizona, Taylor Johnson, who is competing this week at the U.S....
Billie Jean King: How to make tennis more 'fun' Billie Jean King said she has asked Olympic tennis officials to consider the team format of World Team Tennis in the future. She hasn't gotten far. For now she will...
We're all familiar with the Internet, and the way it connects humans to one another and to vast amounts of data. But computer visionaries foresee the day when not just humans but all our devices are connected to each other via the Internet.
This so-called “Internet of Things” (IoT) would make possible all manner of transformative technologies, from digital sensors that allow crops to report when they are thirsty or under attack by insects to parking spaces that alert us when they're available to tiny implants that continuously monitor our health as we go about our lives.
That long-anticipated day is still a ways off, because at this point the Internet of Things might more accurately be described as an Internet of Costly Things.
“Today's radio technologies cost at least $4, making them too expensive for embedding into objects at scale,” says Dr. Joshua Smith, a professor of computer science at the University of Washington in Seattle and a leading expert on wireless systems.
The high cost comes not just from the radio transmitters needed for systems like Wi-Fi and Bluetooth but also from the batteries they need for power. So Smith and his team set out to build a low-cost communications system that doesn't need batteries or the energy they provide.
Sounds Impossible, but…
Communicating without energy might sound impossible. But it isn't — consider a shipwrecked sailor who signals rescuers by reflecting sunlight from a mirror. Smith and his colleagues have developed a so-called “backscatter” system that works in a similar way: a tiny antenna either absorbs or reflects radio waves from a transmitter, such as a normal household wi-fi router. This creates a faint but distinctive echo of the original signal that can be detected and decoded by a receiver even over significant distances.
Because they have no power-hungry transmitter, Smith says, backscatter devices can get all the energy they need from thin air — or, rather, from the radio and TV broadcasts that fill it.
At home, that could mean a single wi-fi router talking to dozens of tiny devices mounted on fridges, doorbells, and the like. How about a smart coffee mug that tells you when your favorite beverage is getting cold? And out in the world, the IoT could save crops or bust traffic jams.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Masterpiece 2017
Now online!
Watch the Fall season of Masterpiece, including Poldark and The Durrells in Corfu, online!
More
NEW YORK — Guillermo del Toro's Cold War-era fairytale “The Shape of Water” swam away with a leading seven nominations from the Golden Globes, while the HBO drama “Big Little Lies” led the television nominees with six nods.
“The Shape of Water” was shot in Toronto and Hamilton.
“Big Little Lies” was directed by Montreal's Jean-Marc Vallee.
The nominees for best picture drama are: “Call Me By Your Name,” “Dunkirk,” “The Post,” The Shape of Water” and “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.”
The nominees for best picture comedy or musical are: “The Disaster Artist,” “Get Out,” “Lady Bird,” “The Greatest Showman,” and “I, Tonya.”
The Globes are the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape. Among the supporting actor nominees is Christopher Plummer, who has replaced Kevin Spacey in Ridley Scott's “All the Money in the World.” Scott, too, was nominated for best director.
Pickup truck skids on a patch of ice and demolishes a bakery Icy conditions in Rockville, Maryland, caused a pickup truck driver to lose control of his vehicle. The truck slid into the Fresh Baguette bakery, crashing through the window and scaring everyone...
Beloved Harlem bakery is moving to the Upper West Side A Harlem neighborhood loss is a sweet gain for the Upper West Side. After 22 years at 116th Street and St. Nicholas Avenue, Make My Cake is closing its doors...
People aren't sure what to think of 'Crossushi' Many of us enjoy something sweet at breakfast time and a buttery croissant usually does the trick. To mix things up a bit, you might go for a Danish pastry,...
These crazy croissants are the ultimate dessert What a flaky thing to do! There's a far-out new bakery in town peddling quirky croissants in fantastic flavors such as pecan pie and banana-split sundae. Supermoon Bakehouse opened on...
Teen saves family bakery from closing with viral tweet A viral tweet has managed to save a Houston-area bakery from shutting its doors. Trinidad Garza has been baking since he was 12 years old, he told ABC13. But after...
This bakery claims to have the solution to your period pain There's not a whole lot to get excited about when it comes to periods and everything they bring — the bloating, the cramps, the urge to just say “F**k it”...
'Safe' raw cookie dough made students sick: suit The purveyors of New York's latest foodie craze — raw cookie dough by the scoop — are facing a lawsuit from two city students who say the sweet stuff made...
Texas bakery ignites heated debate over gun rights An Austin-area bakery has announced that it will be shutting down its Facebook account after a recent incident turned its Yelp and Facebook pages into a full-blown gun rights debate....
Trapped Houston bakers make treats for hurricane victims A friend in knead is a friend indeed! A team of Houston bakers trapped inside their shop for several days during Tropical Storm Harvey spent their confinement making sweet treats...
Surveillance of boat explosion on Lake Barkley (Sent by Jason Koger)
New photos sent to us by a witness show the moment the boat exploded into several pieces Sunday at Lake Barkley.
They were sent to us by Jason Koger. In one of the photos, he highlights just how close his family was to the blast.
Officials say the couple on the boat was pulled to safety and taken to a Paducah hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Several other people with minor injuries were treated at the scene.
Officials say the couple had just refueled when the explosion happened.
They tell us, it's amazing there weren't more serious injuries.
Copyright 2018 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
There's an extra bonus to marriage for melanoma patients: They tend to be diagnosed in earlier, more treatable stages than patients who are unmarried, widowed or divorced, a new study says.
Jools Holland and his Rhythm and Blues Orchestra will be performing at Nowton Park next year, as part of three ‘Nowton Nights'.
Tickets for the May 25 gig go on sale on Thursday, with Jools set to be joined on stage by Gilson Lavis, vocalists Ruby Turner and Louise Marshall along with a special guest yet to be announced.
Jools is the first act to be revealed in what is set to be a weekend of musical events at the park, with two more acts to be announced in the coming weeks.
They will help to shape the final weekend of the Bury St Edmunds Festival, which runs from May 18-27.
Jools' 19-piece rhythm and blues orchestra comprises a pianist, organist, drummer, vocalists, guitar, bass guitar, tenor saxophones, alto saxophones, baritone saxophone, three trumpets and the three trombones.
Prior to leading the orchestra Jools found success with Squeeze, notably with Up the Junction and Cool for Cats.
He has maintained a television presenting career alongside his musical career, starting in the early 1980s with a documentary about The Police, leading to co-presenting The Tube with the late Paula Yates from 1981-86 and his Later with Jools Holland music programme, which has been running on BBC Two for 25 years.
Tickets for the concert will be available on Thursday and are available from the promoter OEP Live! on 01256 416384 or at www.oeplive.com
DENVER — A domestic-violence case has been dismissed against Aron Ralston, a Colorado adventurer whose self-amputation ordeal was made into the movie “127 Hours.” A court spokeswoman said Monday the...
The hiker whose harrowing tale of survival inspired the James Franco film “127 Hours” has been arrested in Denver on domestic-violence charges. Aron Ralston, who amputated his own right arm...
Hedgie Lasry looks to cash in on lifeless energy companies Wall Street is moving to make money in the beaten-down energy sector. Hedge fund mogul Marc Lasry is out raising $750 million for a fund that will buy loans of...
Fortress poised to get the biggest stake in bankrupt Quiznos It's hard to profit from selling toasted submarine sandwiches when they're weighed down with so much debt. The 33-year-old Quiznos sandwich chain filed for Chapter 11 reorganization on Friday, a...
Just two months after the deadly Ghost Ship fire that killed 36 people, another artist community building is being shut down after a fire.Fire inspectors found multiple violations inside the property and have forced 21 tenants to move out.Greg Chin is one of the artists who lived at The Art Rattan Studios in Oakland's Fruitvale District.Since the fire, he's been living with his parents in Daly City. "Some are living in and out of their cars, other tenants are couch surfing or staying with friends," said Chin.It's been more than a month since a small fire brought out inspectors who demanded that the power be turned off after finding multiple code violations.Under the Mayor's executive order, the landlord has 60-days to come up with a plan to bring the space into compliance with the city."We do not want to displace any individuals but at the same time we got to guarantee their safety," said Noel Gallo, from the Oakland City Council.Shortly after the ghost Ship fire, Mayor Libby Shaaf vowed to protect the artists' community from being displaced and promised there would be no "witch hunts" in search of violators.In this case, the city found it necessary to protect the people who lived at the property, particularly because there are no fire escapes.Tenants at The Art Ratten Studios say the landlord lied and never told them that the building was zoned only for light industrial use.Adriel Wong had signed two leases. "It did say commercial, but it also said live-work and my other one upstairs says residential, specifically residential," said Wong.What these tenants didn't know is that two weeks ago the city council passed Rebecca Kaplan's tenant protection ordinance."If the tenant is not the one at fault and they are being made to move out so that the owner can make upgrades and other code related work, the tenants are not, by law, entitles to relocations assistance," said Kaplan.By law, the landlord must pay for their temporary housing until they can move back in.
Image caption The Housing Executive has installed protective fencing beside houses in the Bogside ahead of a bonfire on Tuesday night
Police officers and members of the public came under attack with bottles and petrol bombs in Londonderry on Monday night.
The police were dealing with disorder in the Lecky Road area near the site of a controversial bonfire.
Supt Gordon McCalmont said that people who were on the city walls were attacked with bottles and rocks.
Police who were then deployed to prevent further disorder were attacked with petrol bombs and other missiles.
'Dangerous behaviour'
No-one sustained any injuries. Supt McCalmont said that his type of behaviour cannot be tolerated.
"Tonight will see the lighting of the bonfire and I would appeal to those in the community to use their influence to control the situation," he said.
"I would like to reassure the community that we will deploy the necessary resources to detect and deter those responsible.
"Local residents do not want this kind of activity on their doorsteps and I would urge those engaged in violence and criminal damage to stay at home."
Sinn Féin councillor Patricia Logue condemned the disorder.
Image copyright Press Eye Image caption The bonfire, which reached 20ft (6m) in height, was built in the middle of a main road in Derry last year
"The community don't want this and it is very dangerous behaviour."
Bonfires are traditionally lit on 15 August in some nationalist areas to mark the Feast of the Assumption.
In recent years, efforts have been made to replace the bonfire with family fun days and live music.
The bottom of the Lecky Road flyover in the Bogside was partially blocked last August by a 20ft (6m) high bonfire.
On Monday afternoon, the Housing Executive installed protective fencing beside houses in the Bogside ahead of the bonfire on Tuesday night.
It took the move on the request of Derry City and Strabane District Council.
Young people who are behind the bonfire defended their actions to build it, despite concerns from the local community.
Efforts by community workers to encourage people to attend an alternative event at the Gasyard Feile broke down last week.
The ancient beards shaping the face of modern Jerusalem JERUSALEM — Facial hair is trendy worldwide these days, but in Jerusalem beards have never gone out of style, projecting religious mysticism, nationalism and ideals of masculinity. For men of...
Why some non-ginger men wind up with red beards It's the age-old question – why do men have red beards when their hair doesn't have a single strand of red in it? Thankfully the universal mystery has finally been...
These six players are rocking the undisputed best beards in sports Thanks to a few characters who ditched their razors and let their facial hair flow, beards in sports have become commonplace. Here's a look at the top five beards to...
Millennial men are perfuming their beards This is one hairy situation. More than half of people ages 18 to 34 have a beard or stubble, according to research firm Mintel — and it's causing major problems...
Russian priest says beards protect against homosexuality Homosexuality isn't something you like a disease. But clearly, no one told the priest who has said straight men should grow full and bushy beards to prevent them from accidentally...
Cops say this 'bearded' bank robber wasn't a man She's Bonnie and Clyde. A woman was busted robbing a bank with a painted-on beard in an attempt to disguise herself as a dude, according to reports. Cops in California's...
It was only a matter of time before 'manicorns' came to be In these unicorn-obsessed times, it's not enough to slurp a technicolor Frappuccino (or latte). You have to look the part, too — as this dude does, with his unicorn-inspired facial...
Why beards are like makeup for men For 15 years, Malek Aziz visited his barber every Friday night to get his beard trimmed. Now, the Brooklyn auto-shops owner is using a manicuring tactic far more extreme: laser...
'I feel like I am becoming a man': Blogger opens up about excessive facial hair A woman whose excess hair on her face and body is making her miserable has told how she worries that she's “becoming a man”. Sammy Hancock, 29, from Guildford, United...
By DAVE KOLPACKAssociated Press
FARGO, N.D. (AP) - A federal judge has handed a lifeline to efforts to block the Dakota Access pipeline, ruling Wednesday that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers didn't adequately consider the possible impacts of an oil spill where the pipeline passes under the Missouri River.
U.S. District Judge James Boasberg said in a 91-page decision that the corps failed to take into account how a spill might affect "fishing rights, hunting rights, or environmental justice, or the degree to which the pipeline's effects are likely to be highly controversial."
The judge said the Army must redo its environmental analysis in certain sections and he'll consider later whether the pipeline must halt operations in the meantime. A status conference is scheduled for next week.
Dave Archamabault II, chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, which has led opposition to the pipeline, called it "a significant victory."
Developer Energy Transfer Partners announced earlier this month that it started shipping oil to customers. ETP maintains that the 1,200-mile pipeline is safe, but the Standing Rock Cheyenne River, Yankton and Oglala Sioux tribes in the Dakotas fear environmental harm.
ETP spokeswoman Vicki Granado did not immediately return email and phone messages seeking comment on Boasberg's ruling. U.S. Department of Justice spokeswoman Nicole Navas Oxman said the department is reviewing the ruling.
The decision marks "an important turning point," said Jan Hasselman, attorney for the nonprofit Earthjustice, which is representing the tribes in the lawsuit.
"Until now, the rights of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe have been disregarded by builders of the Dakota Access pipeline and the Trump Administration ... prompting a well-deserved global outcry," Hasselman said.
The project led to months of demonstrations near the Standing Rock Reservation and hundreds of protesters were arrested. The protests died off with the clearing of the main encampment in February and the completion of the pipeline.
Boasberg rejected two earlier complaints by the tribes. One was that the construction threatened sites of cultural and historical significance and the other was that the presence of oil in the pipeline under Lake Oahe would desecrate sacred waters and make it impossible for the tribes to freely exercise their religious beliefs.
"Now that the court has rejected these two lines of attack, Standing Rock and Cheyenne River here take their third shot, this time zeroing in DAPL's environmental impact," Boasberg wrote. He added later, "This volley meets with some degree of success."
The corps originally declined to issue an easement for drilling and earlier this year launched a full environmental study of the Lake Oahe crossing, which it said would take up to two years to complete. Boasberg, the federal judge, had rejected an ETP request to stop the study.
"As we all know, elections have consequences, and the government's position on the easement shifted significantly once President Trump assumed office on January 20, 2017," Boasberg wrote in Wednesday's ruling.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image copyright Maguire family Image caption Ann Maguire taught Spanish at Corpus Christi Catholic College for more than 40 years
The widower and children of a teacher murdered by a student have lost their legal challenge against a coroner's decision not to call other pupils as witnesses at a forthcoming inquest.
Ann Maguire, 61, was stabbed to death by pupil Will Cornick at Corpus Christi Catholic College, Leeds, in April 2014.
A High Court judge has ruled against a call for a judicial review of the coroner's decision.
The inquest is scheduled to begin at Wakefield Coroners' Court in November.
More on this and other Leeds stories
Dismissing the claim for a judicial review, judge Mr Justice Holroyde said: "I have much sympathy for the claimants, and I fully understand their reasons for wishing to pursue this line of inquiry.
"However, I am unable to accept the submission that the assistant coroner reached a decision which was so seriously flawed as to be unreasonable."
Lawyer Yogi Amin said the family would "now take stock and discuss the options with their legal team".
"They remain committed to finding out the truth and exactly what happened on the day Ann was killed through a thorough, open and fair process," Mr Amin said.
"They believe it is the only way that lessons will be learned from the incident," he continued.
Cornick, who was 15 at the time, was given a life sentence in 2014 after he admitted murdering Mrs Maguire, who had taught Spanish at Corpus Christi for more than 40 years.
In November 2016, a report by Leeds Safeguarding Children Board said no-one could have predicted or prevented Mrs Maguire's murder.
NC Governor Cooper Floats New HB2 Repeal Plan
Why, yes, they are still at it. It could have been done months ago, except Rory Cooper, now North Carolina governor, worked pre-election to make sure that all Democrats voted against any repeal of HB2
(WTVD) North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper floated a new proposal for the repeal of House Bill 2 on Tuesday. “February needs to be the month that we get this done or it may be too late,” said Governor Cooper. HB2 requires people to use the restroom according to their biological sex listed on their birth certificate in government buildings, schools, and universities. The law also excludes lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people from anti-discrimination protections and blocks municipalities from adopting their own anti-discrimination and living wage rules.
Forgotten is the primary point of the legislation, namely that government cannot force private businesses and entities to change their bathrooms and showers and locker rooms and such to accommodate the gender confused. It was in direct response to the passage of a law in Charlotte by Democrats that did just that, and Charlotte had been warned to not do it. HB2 allows private businesses/entities to decide for themselves.
Cooper offered a three-part compromise. 1) Repeal HB2
2) Increase punishments for offenders who threaten safety or privacy in public restrooms or changing rooms
3) Mandate that local governments allow 30 days for public and General Assembly input before passing any anti-discrimination ordinances
Of course, as WRAL reports, Cooper pulled an Obama, announcing he wants this done by forgetting to discuss it with the leaders of the NC General Assembly first. It's like a typical Obama “so let it be written, so let it be done” move.
And one point of HB2 was that it didn't penalize transgenders for using the bathrooms and such of the sex they identify with. HB2 was not about penalizing the gender confused: it was about telling NC government of all levels what they cannot do.
In a statement released later Tuesday, Senate Leader Phil Berger's (R-Rockingham) office said Cooper's news conference was the first they'd heard of the new proposal. “…Given that Gov. Cooper's refusal to enforce existing criminal trespass laws as attorney general was a major reason legislators were forced to pass HB2 in the first place, it is difficult to take seriously his pledge on ‘strengthening penalties.' This proposal does nothing to address the basic privacy concerns of women and young girls who do not feel comfortable using the bathroom, undressing and showering in the presence of men…” Berger's spokesperson Amy Auth wrote in part.
And Lt. Governor Dan Forest, a Republican, released a statement
Heterosexual men will be able to access women's showers and bathrooms by simply posing as a transgender individual. They will be able to watch women and children shower, or shower next to them. As long as the man doesn't touch them, assault them or film them, no legal protection would be afforded the offended woman or child. Nothing. As a husband and father of four, the concept of ‘Look But Don't Touch' as a meaningful response to HB2 is a sad commentary on how far the progressive movement and the elected officials beholden to it, will risk the safety of our people to achieve a radical social policy agenda.”
Cooper wants to put all the power in the hands of the municipalities, which is how this started in the first place.
In my mind, the best compromise would be to repeal all sections except those telling NC government that it cannot force the private sector to accommodate the gender confused and telling government that people need to use the bathrooms, showers, and locker rooms that accord with their biological sex, while continuing to have no penalties on the individual gender confused who use them, beyond already existing law.
Cooper's “deal” will simply allow local government to enact laws which require compliance and higher costs to private entities, all to accommodate a tiny, tiny, tiny number of people who are gender confused, and will violate the privacy, at a minimum, of citizens, especially women and girls, who would prefer not having men in their bathrooms, showers, and locker rooms. And then this would lead to requirements that boys who think they're girls on girls sports and competition teams, as we've seen in other states.
Seriously, though, this is what Cooper and the Democrats are concerned with: forcing men into the bathrooms, locker rooms, and showers of girls. But, then, previous governor Pat McCrory and the Republican General Assembly did leave Cooper with a state in pretty darned good shape.
Crossed at Pirate's Cove. Follow me on Twitter @WilliamTeach.
LONDON: Oil trader Vitol and private equity giant Carlyle will list their European downstream venture Varo Energy in Amsterdam this year, looking to raise funds to expand while luring investors with a hefty dividend pledge.Varo, in which Carlyle, Vitol and Dutch firm Reggeborgh Invest each have 33.3 percent stakes, said in a statement on Monday that the three shareholders will sell a combined 30-40 percent of existing shares on Euronext on a pro-rata basis.Varo, which saw underlying earnings rise to $371 million last year from $328 million in 2016, did not say how much it hoped to raise in the initial public offering. Banking sources have said the firm could be valued at €2 billion ($2.5 billion).The company, which owns two refineries in Switzerland and Germany, and storage, blending and distribution assets in those two countries plus Benelux and France, said it intends to pay out a dividend of 30-50 percent of its profit after tax.“We are convinced of the continued demand for fuels, including renewable fuels by our customers and believe we are well positioned to meet this demand. We are ready for the next stage of Varo's development and growth,” CEO Roger Brown said in a statement.Varo said it aimed to achieve over the medium term high single-digit growth in underlying earnings, primarily through organic growth and maintain a return on capital (ROACE) of more than 15 percent.Besides paying 30-50 percent of profit to the shareholders, the firms wants to invest 30–50 percent of its free cashflow in organic and inorganic growth and use 20 percent of its free cashflow to meet its debt service requirements.The company had revenues of $13.4 billion in 2017, up from $10.5 billion in 2016 and a net debt to earnings ratio of 0.6 times at the end of 2017.It controls the two refineries with a total processing capacity of 165,000 barrels per day, a bitumen plant, 144 fuel distribution outlets, 232 retail outlets and 12 river bunker stations.
With a platform as huge and open as YouTube, it's difficult to ensure that information distributed on it is honest and transparent. This issue has never been more apparent than it is now, with the spread of fake news and the labeling of real news as fake making it damn near impossible for viewers to know which sources they can trust.
Google, like many other large tech organizations, should do all it can to maintain transparency in news reporting and that's apparently a big goal for the company in 2018. This latest addition to YouTube videos is a good start. From now on, notices will be displayed below news videos if the publisher is in any way government-funded. This could flag to users that what they're watching isn't entirely without bias.
Each notice will clearly state who is responsible for funding the broadcaster and will include a link to its Wikipedia page so you can become even more informed on the source. YouTube sees news as an opportunity for growth in 2018, and adding this will help set it apart as a trusted medium.
Funding notices are being rolled out in the US, to begin with, and YouTube asks that users and publishers send any feedback they may have. If successful, the feature will be expanded to cover other regions in the future.
SHENZHEN, China (AP) Top-seeded Agnieszka Radwanska saved three match points before edging Duan Ying-ying of China 6-2, 6-7 (4), 7-5 in the first round of the Shenzhen Open on Monday.
Radwanska, the defending champion, cruised through the first set without facing a break point, but struggled in the final two sets, dropping serve five times to the 103rd-ranked wild card entry.
The Pole relied on her strong defense to close out the match in just under 2 1/2 hours, chasing down a well-placed drop shot and hitting a forehand crosscourt winner to set up match point.
In other matches, second-seeded Simona Halep, the 2015 champion, defeated Jelena Jankovic 6-1, 3-6, 6-3; third-seeded Johanna Konta routed Cagla Buyukakcay 6-2, 6-0; and Serbian qualifier Nina Stojanovic took out fifth-seeded Timea Babos 1-6, 7-5, 6-2.
It's a widely accepted fact that whatever websites you visit are being tracked by someone, somewhere. But you may soon be tracked outside of cyberspace, too.
Google announced last month that it had a new device designed to track your credit card purchases. This latest tool will gather approximately 70% of purchases made in stores. That information will then be streamlined into reports which will be shared with companies who opt in.
The reports are designed to see how well on-line advertising works, by matching in-store purchases with Google Ads. This tool utilizes deep learning technology to analyze vast amounts of user data, including email addresses, ad clicks, browser and location history, and user surveys.
Abstract:
The offshore wind energy industry in the U.S. is poised for dramatic growth with 15 wind energy areas already designated by BOEM along the Atlantic coast, and this growth will present the challenge and opportunity of engineering and constructing, from the seafloor up, an entirely new civil infrastructure system. Through advanced analysis and performance evaluation, it should be possible to design this infrastructure to meet target performance and reliability metrics, and to serve the needs of society. Key topics in this talk include modeling of offshore hurricane hazard, performance assessment of fixed bottom support structures subject to extreme loading, soil-structure interaction, reliability analysis, and novel concepts for floating platform mooring systems.
Biography:
Dr. Sanjay R. Arwade is a Professor of Civil Engineering at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. He studied structural engineering and mechanics at Princeton and Cornell, and works primarily in areas of probabilistic mechanics, offshore engineering, and reliability. His research has been funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation, BOEM, the Massachusetts Clean Energy Center, and industry.
A reception will follow.
The McDonald-Mehta Lecture Series is named after and funded with the endowment of Dr. Kishor C. Mehta and Dr. James R. McDonald, founding faculty members of the former Wind Science and Engineering Research Center (WiSE), now National Wind Institute (NWI), at Texas Tech. The lecture series invites nationally-known scientists and experts in wind-related industries to speak about ongoing research around the world.
Dr. McDonald is a former Professor and Chairman of the department of Civil and Environmental Engineering at Texas Tech University. He specialized in research related to tornado hazards, windborne debris, and the design of buildings and structures to resist extreme windstorms. He has conducted more than 30 years' worth of on-site damage documentation and more than a dozen on-site damage documentation studies with the late Dr. Ted Fujita.
Dr. Mehta is a P. W. Horn Professor of Civil, Environmental and Construction Engineering and former Director of Wind Science and Engineering Research Center (now NWI). He is elected to the National Academy of Engineering and Distinguished Member of ASCE. He was Chair of the wind load committee which developed ANSI A58.1-1982, ASCE 7-88 and ASCE 7-95. Recently he served as Program Director at the National Science Foundation.
Posted:
4/14/2017
Originator:
Elizabeth Paulk
Email:
elizabeth.paulk@ttu.edu
Department:
National Wind Institute
Event Information
Time: 3:30 PM - 5:00 PM
Event Date: 4/19/2017
Location:
Experimental Sciences Building Room 120
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Lectures & Seminars
There is nothing wrong with ordering the house brand liquor when you visit the local pub. It does the job in the manner you expect, even if it does so without fanfare or indulgence. But certainly, you likely rather would have the upsell if it is on special, and of course most would prefer the top shelf at the right price.
But you can't always get what you want. (Damn it! Now that song is in my head.) Sometimes you can't afford anything other than the house brand, and that's OK. But what you don't want to do is flaunt you tumbler of Aristocrat or Jim Beam. Know what you have, and act accordingly.
Such is the case with Latavius Murray. When rookie starter Dalvin Cook went down last week, Murray instantly became a hot waiver-wire pick. It isn't often you can grab a running back who will get significant carries in a good offense on the wire.
Just realize what he is. He is Just Another Guy. And as a rule, you don't play JAGs unless you're desperate. Murray is Terrance West with better opportunities. He is a healthy Christine Michael on a better team. You can expect him to be about as refreshing as Isaiah Crowell has been this season.
The Madman isn't suggesting you made a bad move in acquiring him, quite the opposite. Obtaining volume and opportunity is just as important as obtaining talent in single-season formats. And there will be some games when he plunges in a couple of times from a couple of yards out.
Nevertheless, you also can expect a healthy shot of 12-15 carries for 50-60 yards and no touchdowns. And that is not something you want in your lineup. The schedule doesn't set up for an easy-to-target game, so at this point those rare fantasy bursts are difficult to identify beforehand.
One that doesn't stack up great is this week against the Bears. At home this season, Chicago held the duo of Devonta Freeman and Tevin Coleman in check Week 1 (combined 53 rushing yards and one TD). The Bears limited Le'Veon Bell to 61 yards and a score (plus 37 receiving yards) in Week 3.
Last week at Green Bay, they knocked two Packers RBs out of the game. The Bears have given up the sixth-fewest fantasy points to opposing RBs.
So what you have this week is a house-brand running back going against an upsell run defense. We only like to use house brands against other house brands, and actively try to avoid using them against upsells, on the road, in their first start of the season, when there still is the lingering question of how much market-share he will get of snaps in the Vikings backfield — pass-catching specialist Jerick McKinnon will see plenty of action.
So, for many reasons, start Murray responsibly. Only use him if desperate. He is great for the bench, but if you start him, you might want to order a shot first.
Big Weeks
Josh McCown QB, Jets, at Browns (FanDuel $6,800/DraftKings $4,500)
The Browns have allowed a total of nine passing TDs plus two QBs rushing TDs in four weeks. In a bind with injuries and byes and need a filler, or daily fantasy flyer, here you go.
Corey Clement RB, Eagles, vs. Cardinals (FD $4,500/DK $3,800)
Predicated on Ty Montgomery. Jones looked superior to Jamaal Williams, and Jones isn't nursing a knee injury. Dallas hasn't stopped a legitimate ground game yet.
Isaiah Crowell RB, Browns, vs. Jets (FD $6,100/DK $4,700)
Rare game in which it is possible they don't get blown out, against one of the three worst fantasy run defenses.
DeVante Parker WR, Dolphins, vs. Titans (FD $6,100/DK $6,600)
This is it. Last chance.
Small Weaks
Cam Newton QB, Panthers (FD $7,800/DK $6,500)
One week against what was a terrible Patriots defense doesn't make us forget the first three weeks of dysfunctional offense. Midweek-sexist-comment distraction doesn't help.
Lamar Miller RB, Texans, vs. Chiefs (FD $6,500/DK $5,000)
A dud for three weeks then explodes against spiritless Titans, after loss of Marcus Mariota. Nope, count us among the non-believers.
Michael Crabtree WR, Raiders, vs. Ravens (FD $6,900/DK $6,400)
He is dealing with a chest injury. Team will be itching to get struggling Amari Cooper the ball. And all of this happens with backup QB EJ Manuel at the controls, and against a team that has allowed two WR touchdowns in four games and is the fourth-stingiest against fantasy WRs.
Jason Witten TE, Cowboys, vs. Packers (FD $5,400/DK $4,200)
Remember when Witten was one of the best fantasy tight ends? Most recently, that was two weeks ago. Since then, two total catches for 12 yards. Packers rank second against tight ends.
The Decision
Post fantasy Madman Drew Loftis and Roto Rage Jarad Wilk debate whom you should start this week:
Hunter Henry vs. Evan Engram
Drew: Henry — Yeah, yeah, We know all about Henry getting a goose-egg two of the first four games. But we anticipate a change in that regard — Henry scored eight touchdowns in his rookie year last season, and we're not ready to concede he somehow has become worse. But the real important thing is: The Giants have allowed five tight end TDs in four games, and those included one to Jason Witten (isn't he already retired?) and one to Eric Ebron (he's still in the league?).
Jarad: Engram — Despite the fact Engram is a rookie and going up against a defense that has not allowed a TD to oppose tight ends, he is far more consistent. Henry has been targeted 10 times all season (no targets Weeks 1 and 3), but Engram was targeted 11 times last week (30 times this season, eight per game). Sure, the Giants' defense is terrible against tight ends, but Henry appears to be a part of the offense one week and invisible the next. Engram has a clear role in the offense and gets opportunities, with or without Odell Beckham Jr. on the field.
Last week: Jarad 8.9 (Christian McCaffrey — 6-16 rushing, 4-33 receiving), Drew 8.8 (Joe Mixon — 17-29 rushing, 4-19 receiving)
Season: Series tied, 2-2
Tweet of the Week
Week 5 streaming Ds
Eagles, Ravens, Lions, Dolphins, Jets
Kenny Stills will still be a voice for social change in 2017. He'll just go about it a different way. Bryan Cereijo BCereijo@MiamiHerald.com
RIYADH: Gasoline pumps at two fuel stations in Makkah and Jeddah have been shut down for supplying adulterated oil and for non-compliance with standards, officials said.
Ministry of Commerce and Investment (MCI) inspection teams shut down fuel pumps at a location in Jeddah's Al-Harazat district on Monday, after “91” petrol was allegedly mixed with “95” standard fuel.
The inspectors also found that the gas station had mixed petrol with water and other materials. Samples of the diluted petrol were sent to the Saudi Standards, Metrology and Quality Organization to test the quality of the oil. The operator of the fuel station may be obliged to give compensation to consumers and to fix their vehicles, if any damage occurred due to the mixing of the fuels.
In Makkah, inspection teams detected a similar commercial fraud at a fuel station on King Abdullah Road. The pumps were shut down and samples were withdrawn for examination, while the owner was summoned by the MCI.
An MCI official stressed that the ministry will not hesitate in imposing legal penalties on violators and those involved in the practice of fraud and counterfeiting, which can put the life of consumers at risk.
Minister of Commerce and Investment Majid Al-Qassabi recently inaugurated the Electronic Fuel Pumps Inspection and Calibration System. The initiative aims to increase the level of transparency in the service provided by fuel stations, and eliminate gasoline mixing and commercial fraud cases.
The MCI called on consumers to lodge their complaints and observations to the MCI Consumer Call Center (1900), or through the application of a Commercial Violation Report via their smart phones.
Samantha Schindler, right, was selected as the 2017 Miss Lake Benton. Schindler and runner-up Karlie Christensen, left, will participate in a variety of activities as the Miss Lake Benton Court this summer.
By Shelly Finzen
lbvjeditor@gmail.com
Lake Benton's annual Saddle Horse Holiday tra­ditionally kicks off with the coronation of Miss Lake Benton. There were two candidates to se­lect from this year, Karlie Christensen and Samantha Schindler, both juniors at Elkton-Lake Benton High School in Elkton, South Dakota.
For the full story, read this week's Lake Benton Valley Journal.
MUNSTER Director of Rugby Rassie Erasmus is happy the province is building squad depth ahead of a crucial run of Champions Cups pool fixtures.
Munster faces an unprecedented run of three successive weekends of European fixtures, beginning with Saturday's Pool 1 clash with French champions Racing 92 in Paris, 3.45pm Irish time.
Erasmus' Munster maintained their grip on top spot in the Guinness PRO12 with a hard-earned win over Connacht in Galway on New Year's Eve.
Munster are expected to confirm later on Monday that they have secured the services of South African centre Jaco Taute until the end of the season. Taute has impressed since joining the province on a short-term deal in the autumn.
Erasmus said: “Yes I am, we as a squad are (building depth). But if you look at last week with Darren Sweetnam going off and Alex Wootton got injured and Andrew Conway was, so all of a sudden there were doubts. Then you suddenly look thin but Andrew comes through the week.
“There is certainly a lot of potential, but we will still make a lot of mistakes with these young guys. In the next two or three years if we trim down our squad and get some of the guys who are not performing out of the system, and start boosting some of these young guys I think that's the way we go.
“We will obviously not mention names here, but there is great potential in the group of 43, plus the academy boys, which we must make sure we handle correct.”
In relation to the Taute's future at Munster, Erasmus said: “Monday (January 2) we will definitely do a press release on that. As I said two days ago, I am just not in a position where I can say this and the deal is done everything is fine.
“There are a few things, it sounds like the same story week after week, but it just isn't done. But on Monday we will definitely have something on that.”
The other week I did something out of my comfort zone; I decided to go to a concert alone. I tried to convince friends to go, but no one was feeling it (probably because it was on a Wednesday night) and wasn't being convinced by my unexceptional pitch.
So, after class I went back to my apartment and prepared physically (to look fresh) and mentally (to feel fresh) for the concert. Since I had seen Toro y Moi before, I felt more at-ease about this solo venture, but as I rode the metro the nerves did set in. I was about to go to a new district of D.C. at 11 p.m. It was something that, while somewhat scary in the moment, was really important for me.
Maybe I was nervous because I am from Winston-Salem, a substantially smaller city than D.C., or maybe it's this odd group mentality that I feel like Wake Forest fosters. Either way I gained something from that endeavor. The feelings before and during the concert were something being from different worlds. I can't even begin to explain the joy and excitement I felt during that show and how nice it was to be alone there. How nice it was to be on my own and just do me, being nomadic as I walked around the club and just danced knowing that no one I know will have to see my (on a good day) subpar dancing schools.
But I also felt free, and I felt like an adult. As cliché as that is, I feel like a kid while at Wake Forest. But now, being in a big city and being considerably more on my own, I feel a sort of independence that I don't feel at Wake Forest. But what I saw as a bigger takeaway, was not just feeling like an adult but being on my own for a moment and still having the time of my life. Obviously, it helps that I was at an awesome show, but it was refreshing to be just by myself and doing me and being in the moment. As nice as it is to have a friend with you to talk to or for comfort, I didn't realize how refreshing it was going to be just to be with me as I danced and listened to the music.
By taking a chance, I not only learned about myself but I saw what I had been missing. Since the concert, I have tried to continue my independent ventures and be more aware of what's around me and taking in the world. While alone, I have felt much more connected to the world around me and it's been really special.
With this, I recommend to everyone to explore in general but especially alone (if it's safe that is). Always make sure someone knows where you are and such and be safe, but also be adventurous and see what happens. Walk down a street and just look around and see what comes to you. Look around and feel the world around you and be the most authentic and bold “you” there is. Take some chances and see where the world takes you. But most importantly, go see Toro y Moi because wow that was a great show.
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
Ex-deputy admits making child porn A former deputy in Texas who visited bestiality websites has pleaded guilty to producing and possessing child pornography, federal authorities said. Andrew Craig Sustaita, a 31-year-old former deputy for the...
Pair charged with abusing son may have performed sex acts on dogs: cops A California couple accused of sexually abusing their 5-year-old son may have performed sexual acts on their dogs too, police revealed Wednesday. Roy Ling, 35, and Sara Wilson, 32, were...
Old perv gets banned from every farm in Britain A church-going pensioner found guilty of sexually assaulting a farmer's cows has been banned from every farm in Britain. John Curno, 80, was finally busted molesting cattle at a farm...
Teen allegedly broke into neighbor's barn, molested horse A young man was caught sexually molesting a horse in Alabama last week — and the owner of the animal has reason to believe this wasn't their first rendezvous. “I...
Teen caught having sex with his wiener dog again -- but this time it's illegal An Ohio teen with a history of having sex with canines will finally face bestiality charges after getting caught with a wiener dog, police said. Authorities said that the 17-year-old...
Ohio finally prosecutes somebody for sex with a dog An Ohio man who spent more than 12 years in prison for sex crimes targeting kids is now facing charges that he had sex with a dog — and is...
Judge says woman sentenced for attempted sex with dog needs help 'big time' A judge in Pennsylvania told a woman that she needs help “big time” after pleading guilty to trying to have sex with a dog, according to reports. Rachael Harris, 20,...
Sicko accused of sex acts with dogs leaves judge speechless This sicko's depravity even left a judge speechless. Stephen Matthew Taylor, 31, was convicted of two counts of animal cruelty in Henrico County, Virginia, on Tuesday after admitting to police...
Creep says he had sex with a donkey because he was high An Arkansas man accused of sneaking into his neighbor's yard to have sex with a donkey blamed the depraved act on marijuana, claiming it made him do “sick things.” The...
A friend wants to confide in you but is too embarrassed to speak up. You can sense their discomfort, so make it easy for them and ask what's wrong – and promise right from the start that you will keep what they tell you to yourself.
Ellie has history with Jack – but does she want to steal him away from Dani?
Ellie Jones, aged 22, will be a familiar face for original Love Islander Jack Fincham, as the pair dated for a while after meeting in August 2016. “We weren't in an official relationship but we spoke about it, would go on dates and kept trying to make it work but it wouldn't,” says Ellie.
Advertisement
“I met his brother and mates. I don't know how he'll feel when he sees me walk in. I don't know if he'll be angry or shocked but we do get on so hopefully it won't be an issue.”
But will she be pursuing Jack? Her answer is unclear… “When I look at him, I do still think there is something there, but I would never go back there,” she says.
Ellie remembers that on her first date with Jack she was “so nervous” that she couldn't drink her prosecco – “I was shaking!”
Despite her history with Jack, Ellie wants to make friends with Dani. “I am a girls' girl,” she says. “If I came away without a boyfriend, I wouldn't be as heartbroken if I came away with a good girl mate.
“Girls keep you strong minded and they get you through it. Dani is someone who would be my friend on the outside so I would like to think me and her will get on.”
👙#dubai A post shared by Elliejones (@elliejones_xox) on Jun 3, 2018 at 7:13am PDT
What is Ellie looking for in a boy?
“I normally go for arrogant boys that love themselves and it clearly hasn't got me anywhere but I need a boy who makes me laugh,” says Ellie.
“In the villa, I fancy Josh. And I really fancy Alex because he's so different to my normal type, I think I'm in love with him already and I've not even met him yet! He makes my heart melt, he'll be a good person to bring home to my parents.”
Who is Ellie Jones? Key facts:
Age: 22
Job: Customer service & office administrator
Instagram: elliejones_xox
Advertisement
Location: Kent
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:57 Police officer donates bike to help Warner Robins man with his daily commute
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
WASHINGTON — Extending NAFTA negotiations into 2019 would prolong uncertainty for the Canadian economy and trim anticipated growth over the next year, says a forecast released Friday.
Scotiabank estimates that the lingering doubts would shave 0.2 percentage points off Canada's potential GDP, while the bank projects the country would still see modest economic growth of 2.3 per cent on the year.
The timing question is increasingly relevant.
With serious negotiating on the hardest issues just barely begun and national elections in Mexico and the U.S. later this year, conversations are turning to what might happen when the current schedule of talks concludes in March.
One scenario involves the talks slowing down, then picking up again after the American congressional elections and after a new Mexican president has taken office in December, setting the stage for a final push for a deal in 2019.
“The ongoing efforts to ‘renegotiate and modernize' NAFTA look set to extend beyond the current end-March 2018 deadline,” said the Scotiabank forecast.
“Difficult issues remain unsettled and the remainder of 2018 features a packed political calendar that could delay further talks.”
The forecast says the U.S. will not experience any significant investment chill. But it says the lack of clarity could be felt more in Canada, and in Mexico.
It echoes similar findings from the Bank of Canada.
In its recent Monetary Policy Report, the central bank detected a slight slowdown in foreign companies' building operations in Canada. It said the trend has been going on since 2016 and projected it would continue through 2019.
“(This investment) has declined since mid-2016, especially from Europe but also from the United States,” said the report.
“(It's) a possible sign of the effects of the uncertainty around trade policy. Trade-policy uncertainty is expected to reduce the level of investment by about two per cent by the end of 2019.”
The Canadian government has also cited concerns about a lingering cloud overinvestment as one reason to want an agreement soon. The cabinet member leading the negotiations made the point Friday.
“We would like to get this deal done as quickly as possible,” Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said in Mexico during a meeting with her North American counterparts.
“Uncertainty is never good for business confidence.”
That being said, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau added Friday that the country must be prepared to walk away from negotiations if it is offered a bad deal.
OTTAWA — Canada has quietly paid another $54 million toward development of the F-35 stealth fighter, bringing its total investment in the controversial project to roughly a half a billion dollars over the last 20 years.
The government is consulting fighter-jet makers, including U.S. aerospace giant Boeing, before launching a formal competition early next year to decide on a replacement for the air force's aging CF-18s.
The annual F-35 payment was made to the U.S. military earlier this month, the Department of National Defence said and will keep Canada at the table as one of nine partners in the fighter jet project for the next year.
Staying in the program has advantages, as partners can compete for billions of dollars in contracts associated with building and maintaining the F-35. They also get a discount when purchasing the plane.
Boeing officials said Wednesday that the company remains on the fence about whether its Super Hornet will participate in the Canadian fighter competition because of enduring questions about how the government will run it.
One concern is a new provision the government announced last year that aims to make it more difficult for companies that are deemed to be hurting the Canadian economy to win defence contracts.
The measure was announced at the height of Boeing's bitter dispute with Canadian rival Bombardier, which has since been tossed out by the U.S. International Trade Commission. Boeing opted not to appeal the decision.
"We want to evaluate what the requirements are and the evaluation criteria," said Jim Barnes, business development director for Boeing Defense, Space and Security, told reporters on the sidelines of the Cansec arms show in Ottawa.
"And it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out there's one new evaluation criteria that we certainly have to understand before we provide a proposal."
It was during last year's Cansec show that Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan lashed out at Boeing over the trade dispute with Bombardier, saying the U.S. company was not behaving like a "trusted partner."
1:08 Teen who walked 17 miles a day to help his sick mom receives emotional gift Derrick Taylor is a 19-year-old from Alabama who had to walk to work at his job at UPS every day, which he needed to take care of his sick mom. His co-workers noticed this, and they all pitched in and bought him a Jeep to show their appreciation for his strong work ethic.
0:53 Stampede of commuters barely makes it off a burning bus A bus burst into flames in Harbin City, China, after one of the tires caught on fire. More than 50 passengers rushed to evacuate, causing a stampede.
0:45 Woman munches on raw meat outside a train station A woman was seen eating a pound of raw meat outside a train station in central London. The person filming the gruesome sight gasped when she bit into the uncooked ground beef, which she drizzled with oil, and topped off by biting into a whole lemon.
1:13 Cop gets wrestled to the ground and hit with car before suspect's arrest A routine traffic stop turned into a high-speed chase in Georgia, after a driver wrestled a deputy to the ground and escaped arrest. The suspect eventually was driven off the road and charged with possession of a large amount of Xanax and aggravated assault against a law enforcement officer.
0:59 The sex scandals that plagued these political careers Sex scandals are common, especially in politics. In the wake of President Trump's alleged affair with porn star Stormy Daniels, here's a look at the most shocking sex scandals and affairs that left marks on our political history.
0:35 Cyclist goes airborne after he's hit by reckless driver North Wales police released CCTV footage of reckless driver Jake David Tompkinson hitting a cyclist, who went flying through the air. This week, Tompkins was sentenced to a year in prison and a two-and-a-half-year ban on driving. Police say Tompkins was driving carelessly and not paying attention at the time of the incident in July 2017. The biker sustained serious injuries and allowed the footage of his accident to be released to raise awareness of reckless driving.
0:55 Masked couple batter shop owner and steal $35K worth of gold Qatari tourist Mohammed Ibrahim Malki and his lady friend Aisha Udomwatananon donned masks to rob a Thai gold shop. Janyong Nopparat, t he store owner, was hit over the head with a metal bar and repeatedly punched in front of his horrified wife. The thieving couple fled in a car that was rented from a tourist resort miles from the gold shop. They were later found and arrested. Janyong and his wife were traumatized and injured, but they did get the $35,000 worth of gold returned.
0:51 Pepsi thief forgets to cover his face before stealing vending machine One Pepsi was not enough. Two men in Oklahoma City were seen stealing a Pepsi vending machine, after one of the thieves purchased a drink just five minutes before. The bandanna-clad suspects loaded the entire machine into a white pickup truck.
0:57 15-foot python found living inside this man's living room wall Forget the exterminator — time to call a snake charmer. A 15-foot-long python was caught hiding inside the walls of a living room in Bangkok. “This was an unusual place to find the snake,” said one of the rescuers, who hammered through the plasterboard to catch the serpent. “We think it got inside though a gap in the wall to shelter from the rain.”
ROSEBURG, Ore. — An Oregon boy accused of killing his sister, foster mother and foster sister last fall has pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated murder.
Court records show 16-year-old Kevin Adams entered the plea Thursday, and a Douglas County judge scheduled a February 2019 trial date.
Adams was arrested Nov. 7 after his foster father called dispatchers to report the killings in the unincorporated community of Lookingglass.
Authorities found three bodies — 55-year-old Donya Adams, 26-year-old Amory Adams and 10-year-old Payshience Adams.
Sheriff's Lt. Chris Merrifield wrote in court papers that the boy told investigators he shot his relatives, and then waited for his foster father to return and call police.
The teen is being tried as an adult. He's ineligible for the death penalty, but could get life in prison.
The Google Drive client for Windows and Mac is.. decent. It's a bit buggy, and at least on Windows, seems to disconnect every once in a while for no apparent reason. Back in March, we learned that Google was working on a new version called 'Backup and Sync,' because the company accidentally pushed an unfinished version to users which didn't work at all.
Now it seems like Backup and Sync is nearly ready for release. In a post on the G Suite Updates blog, Google announced that this new client would replace the existing Google Drive sync program on Windows and Mac. All your Drive settings will be merged over to Backup and Sync, so you don't have to worry about your synced folders getting reset.
The new client is also integrated with the Google Photos desktop uploader. I'm not sure why they didn't just combine the two of them, but maybe that will happen at some point. Google says the new Backup and Sync app will be available for download June 28. Keep in mind that this is separate from Drive File Stream, which is targeted towards G Suite organizations.
RENO, Nev. — Madeleine Pickens wanted the African-American chef she recruited from the country club she owns in Southern California to cook "black people food" — not "white people food" — at her rural Nevada dude ranch and wild horse sanctuary, according to a federal lawsuit accusing her of racial discrimination.
Armand Appling says the wealthy philanthropist and ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens told him fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread would be perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages, ride horses and take Wild West "safaris" on ATVs at her Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort.
Appling alleges he was fired 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment. He says Pickens' stereotypical references were commonplace at the Elko County ranch stretching across 900 square miles on the edge of the Ruby Mountains about 50 miles west of the Utah line.
Related: T. Boone Pickens Discusses Proposed Solution to Nation's Energy Woes
Among other things, he says Pickens, who is white, instructed him to terminate two other black kitchen staffers — one she referred to as her "bull" or "ox" and another who had "too much personality." He says she told him they didn't "look like people we have working at the country club" and didn't "fit the image" of the staff she wanted at the ranch.
Pickens' lawyers argue that even if all the allegations are true, none of her comments were racially motivated. At worst, Pickens' remarks "reflect a non-racial personality conflict and amount to discourtesy, rudeness or lack of sensitivity," they wrote in recent court filings.
U.S. District Judge Miranda Du said during a hearing in Reno last week that Appling's lawyers have failed so far to prove the sort of racial hostility needed to win such a civil rights claim. She dismissed the original lawsuit that was filed in February but gave them until Jan. 13 to refile an amended complaint seeking unspecified damages from Pickens' nonprofit, Save America's Mustangs.
"It takes a lot to prove these allegations," Du told California attorney Willie Williams on Thursday.
Related: Trump Ally Carl Paladino Slammed for 'Racist' Wish List for Obamas
Du agreed with Pickens' lawyer, Dora Lane of Reno, that the only comment that specifically referred to race was the reference to "black people food."
Lane said categorizing foods by ethnicity is commonplace in the restaurant industry. Some restaurants serve Mexican food, others Chinese or Thai food, she said.
"The suggestion that such categorizations are inherently offensive is nonsense," Lane argued in earlier court documents. "This is especially true here, given that Pickens' alleged comments actually reflect a preference for 'black people food' rather than a racial anima against 'black people' or 'black people food.'"
Williams said Pickens' comments about the fired employees "not fitting in" reinforces a long history of African-Americans not being allowed into elite, private-club settings. Pickens owns the exclusive Del Mar Country Club north of San Diego where Appling worked before she hired him for a 5-month stint in Nevada.
Related: Civil Rights Groups Criticize Fox News for 'Racist and Offensive' Chinatown Segment
"In many cases, the people fighting to keep African-Americans out of these private clubs would use code phrases like 'they do not fit the image,'" Williams said in court documents. He added the use of the words "ox" and "bull" implies ownership of property, given "America's long history of slavery where they were considered personal property of their owners."
Lane argued it was a complimentary reference to physical strength and "was not accompanied by any overtly racial slurs."
"Indeed, Appling does not allege that he ever heard any overtly racial epithets, such as the 'N-word,'" she wrote in court documents.
But Williams told the judge last week the comments must be viewed in the context of racial stereotypes.
Du agreed that Lane's arguments focus on the "plain meaning of words" while seemingly ignoring the context of comments made about "African-Americans in history and stereotypes that could give rise to racial animas."
"If the alleged comments were not directed at him, but others who look like him, it may affect his work environment," the judge said.
Having WiFi coverage troubles in your large house? If so, you may want to check out a home WiFi system like the NETGEAR Orbi. The three-pack model of the Orbi is now down to $319.99, which is $80 off its $399.99 MSRP, as part of Amazon's Deal of the Day.
The Orbi three-pack comprises of a WiFi router and 2 wall plugs "satellites." This particular kit boasts up to 5000 square feet of coverage, making it perfect for more sizable homes. It can be controlled by voice commands through Amazon Alexa, which is pretty handy. Setup is done through the Orbi app, and you can also create a guest network should you feel the need to.
You've got about eight hours remaining on this discount, as it is one of Amazon's Deals of the Day. If you're a Prime member, you'll also get free one-day shipping. You can also purchase an installation service for around $70, but I'd imagine that you guys are engaged enough with technology that you know how to set this thing up.
Spoil sport.
Jan-Lennard Struff has spoiled the fun on court 12 by breaking Ivo Karlovic's serve to win the match.
He takes it 13-11 in the decider.
VALLEJO, Calif. (KGTV) -- The woman who was abducted and raped in 2015 spoke to ABC News after authorities dismissed her kidnapping as a hoax.
"I don't know how to describe what it's like to sit back silently and watch the world have a conversation ... on the most horrific thing that you've lived through," Denise Huskins said in an interview with ABC News.
Huskins was kidnapped from her boyfriend's bed before being drugged, bound and raped. She was released two days later.
RELATED: Couple in bizarre kidnapping case settle with city of Vallejo for $2.5M
Following the kidnapping, the Vallejo Police Department said: “none of the claims has been substantiated.”
Police then accused the couple of taking valuable resources away from the community in the case that would become known as the “Gone Girl” kidnapping.
A later attempted kidnapping led to the arrest of Matthew Muller, 38.
Muller is serving a 40-year prison sentence after pleading guilty to the kidnapping. He is also facing new charges, including rape.
Last week, Huskins and her now fiancé, Aaron Quinn, settled a civil lawsuit with the department for $2.5 million.
MONTREAL — The Quebec government is hosting a two-day forum beginning Friday on flood control in order to better prepare for natural disasters such as last spring's devastating floods.
Scientists and other experts have been invited to discuss land use, urban planning, and to review rules governing development in flood-prone areas.
Some 5,000 residences in 278 Quebec municipalities were affected by flooding last spring while 4,000 people had to be evacuated from their homes.
Many flood victims have criticized the government's response, saying they've had trouble accessing financial aid or getting information on their files.
Quebec's environment minister says the floods were a sign that more needs to be done to adapt to the realities of climate change.
Secretary-general of the Central Council of Muslims in Germany Ayman Mazyek delivers a speech on behalf of the Ramadan ahead a fast-breaking Iftar-meal at the embassy of the United Arab Emirates in Berlin on June 13, 2017. Muslims in Germany are planning a “peace march” against terrorism over the weekend. (AFP)
BERLIN: Germany's biggest Islamic association on Wednesday said it won't take part in what is being billed as a Muslim “peace march” against terrorism over the weekend.
The Turkish-Islamic Union said the demonstration in Germany's western city of Cologne would send a wrong signal.
A group calling itself “Not With Us” says it expects several thousand people to come to the Saturday march.
The union said in a statement Wednesday that holding such a march suggests it's only up to Muslims to tackle international terrorism.
It also said Muslims observing the Ramadan-month fast couldn't be expected to march for hours in the summer sun with expected temperatures of 25 degrees Celsius (77 Fahrenheit).
The union instead plans on Friday to hold prayers for peace and against terrorism in mosques throughout Germany.
BERLIN: Germany's biggest Islamic association on Wednesday said it won't take part in what is being billed as a Muslim “peace march” against terrorism over the weekend.
The Turkish-Islamic Union said the demonstration in Germany's western city of Cologne would send a wrong signal.
A group calling itself “Not With Us” says it expects several thousand people to come to the Saturday march.
The union said in a statement Wednesday that holding such a march suggests it's only up to Muslims to tackle international terrorism.
It also said Muslims observing the Ramadan-month fast couldn't be expected to march for hours in the summer sun with expected temperatures of 25 degrees Celsius (77 Fahrenheit).
The union instead plans on Friday to hold prayers for peace and against terrorism in mosques throughout Germany.
You can certainly see why the FBI didn't want the House Intelligence Committee memo released: It paints a brutal picture of the agency seeking a warrant to wiretap a US citizen on the basis of glorified gossip.
That picture may be false: Committee Democrats and the bureau insist the memo leaves out important context, and we absolutely want to hear more — especially whether the request cited harder information.
But it's hard to see what could explain away this evidence:
Andrew McCabe, then No. 2 at the FBI and a key player in the investigation, told the committee the bureau never would've tried for the warrant without the “Steele Dossier,” which alleged that Carter Page, a volunteer adviser to the Trump campaign, was a paid agent of the Kremlin.
The application for the warrant also cited a Yahoo News story — which was itself based on the same dossier.
The FBI knew, but failed to tell the court, that Steele's work was opposition research on Trump, done for an outfit paid by the Clinton campaign, or that Christopher Steele said he was “desperate” to prevent a Trump victory.
We absolutely need to know more: Is any of the above what ex-FBI chief Jim Comey claims was “dishonest and misleading”? How?
Cutting against Comey's credibility is his outrage that the memo “inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen,” given that the FBI's spying on Page has been reported to death.
Page has never been charged with anything, nor is there any sign he ever will be. All he seems guilty of is an openly held and obscenely high opinion of Vladimir Putin.
Assuming the memo holds up, Americans are left asking whether 1) the FBI and/or its Justice Department overseers went off the reservation here by withholding key info from the court that OK'd the surveillance; or 2) the whole system for court oversight of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrants is a joke.
It's perfectly legit to have a lower standard for what was, after all, a national-security investigation — checking for Russian influence in a US presidential campaign.
And if the whole thing had been kept quiet, it's hard to see any harm done. But this national-security investigation leaked like a sieve, especially after Election Day — with every leak a “dishonest and misleading” effort to paint President Trump in a terrible light.
What does everyone in hysterics over the memo's release have to say about that?
It's a long time since every hurling club in the county was represented at a function, in an overall attendance in excess of 150.
Well on Wednesday night last at The Osprey Hotel, Naas, that was the number that turned out, a turnout that thrilled the organisers as the Kildare Hurling Action Plan was officially launched.
Paudi O'Neill, Chairperson of the GAA National Hurling Development Commitee opened proceedings giving a brief outline of a Coiste Stiúrtha meeting that took place back in April 2017 when it was agreed that a work group be formed with the purpose of drawing up a blueprint to bring Kildare Hurling to the next level.
A meeting was called some months later, attended by over 70 and those present were asked to provide written feedback to the following questions.
(1) Something that you see that is working well within hurling's current structures in Kildare.
(2) Something that you see that is not working well.
(3) Something that you would like to improve.
The work group has since met on ten occasions, processed the feedback and from those gatherings the Kildare Hurling Action Play 2018-2021 has been devised by the workgroup, taking into account the feedback received at all stages from the Kildare Hurling Community.
There are six strands in total to the Play: (1) Club Hurling Development; (2) Club School Links; (3) Building a club hurling profile; (4) Games Programme; (5) Talent Academy and (6) Deployment of full time staff.
Throughout the year each club will be visited by a facilitator nominated by Kildare Coaching and Games, the purpose of these meetings will be to work through the checklist with the relevant Club Officers and mentors in each club
In October the Action Plan for 2018 will be reviewed with all the clubs and a new set of Action agreed for 2019.
The members of the workgroup are as follows: Paudie O'Neill, Chairperson of the GAA National Hurling Development Committee; John McCarthy, Coaching and Games Officer Kildare; Noel Mooney, Kildare Games Manager; Leonie Delaney, Kildare Hurling PRO; Colm Nolan, Kildare Coiste Stiúrtha; John Doran, Kildare Hurling GDA; Paul Divilly, Kildare Athletic Director GDA and Noel O'Sullivan, Coach Educational Master Tutor, Kildare Minor Hurling Coach.
Former GAA President, Nicky Brennan described the Action Play unveiled on the night as sensible, realistic and achievable; adding that the greatest problem facing hurling, especially where young people are involved, is a proper and decent games programme.
“Players are interested in one thing and one thing only and that is playing games regularly, weekly and competitively; the biggest challenge facing the GAA today is having a proper Games Programme; if you can't give a proper Games Programme to players then that is where the attraction of other sports where they will get regular, weekly games, comes into play.”
Following the launch of the Plan, MC Pat Costello held a very enjoyable debate / discussion mainly on the upcoming senior hurling championship with Nicky Brennan, JJ Delaney, John Doran, Eamonn O'Shea and Joe Quaid.
Eamonn O'Shea made one very telling statement when talking about the early start to this season's campaigns.
“There are now really three seasons in the hurling season; late January and February when ground conditions are in absolutely no state for proper hurling; mid and late Spring when the ground is beginning to dry out and training is stepped up and in the summer when the game of hurling is meant to be played, the ground hard; the sliother flies and the skillS come to the fore.”
Kildare manager Joe Quaid agreed with the Tipperary man but added “the problem for the likes of us in Kildare is that we never get to play in the summer as our season is long over before that, so in essence we have no chance of honing our skills in conditions that are best suited to top class hurling; which is absolutely and grossly unfair.”
Aaron Ramsey doubles Arsenal's lead against Manchester City in the Community Shield, his clever flick and shot into the bottom corner making it 2-0 before half-time.
Available to UK users only.
Beachgoers find world's oldest message in a bottle The world's oldest message in a bottle — dating back 132 years — was picked up by unsuspecting Australian beachgoers who thought it might “look good on a bookcase.” Tonya...
Broke guy who sold family blanket for $1.5M has new troubles This should cover him for a while. A broke California man is resting a little easier after he found out that his old family-heirloom blanket was actually a Navajo weaving...
Turkey recovers thousands of ancient artifacts from smuggling ring ISTANBUL — Turkish police said on Thursday they had rescued thousands of artefacts dating back to Anatolian, Greek and Egyptian civilizations in the largest operation to combat smuggling of ancient...
$450,000 antique treasure map found in attic A “priceless” rare map of Australia that was understood to be lost forever has been discovered in an attic and returned to its permanent home. Unearthed in 2010 in storage...
Watch seller stiffed by auction house offered mafia memorabilia instead This watch collector got an offer he can't refuse. A Manhattan auction house stiffed the seller of a rare Swiss watch — and is now trying to keep the man's...
Massive haul of illegal ivory crushed in Central Park They're smashing the illegal ivory trade! Nearly two tons of seized ivory from the tusks of around 100 massacred elephants was crushed in Central Park on Thursday to make a...
There are no good guys in this cutthroat real estate battle Which side are you going to root for — brazen traffickers in ivory from elephants massacred by poachers, or a developer who would speed the ruin of Manhattan's grandest crosstown...
Critics say popular auction house can't verify its items are real The auctions at a Manhattan antiques mall, where celebrities like Angelina Jolie have browsed for treasures, may really be selling a bill of goods, critics charge. Questions are being raised...
Antique store owners plead guilty over hidden ivory The owners of a Midtown antique store took plea deals Wednesday for trying to sell $4.5 million worth of illegal elephant ivory from a hidden back room in their shop...
Frazier and Cosell are in the same building again.
While Mets third baseman Todd Frazier has no relation to Joe, one of the team's new public address announcers is Colin Cosell, grandson of legendary broadcaster Howard.
Cosell will split duties with Marysol Castro, the franchise's first female voice behind the microphone, as PA announcers for the rest of the season at Citi Field. Castro will debut Thursday against the Cubs, while Cosell begins Saturday.
“I'm proud, humbled and honored to be part of such a storied franchise with such an amazing, devoted fan base,” said Cosell, who has won three Emmy Awards as a broadcaster with MSG Varsity. “Sharing this opportunity with Marysol is truly thrilling.”
Castro has spent the last two decades as a television journalist at WPIX-TV, News 12 The Bronx and elsewhere.
“I appreciate the Mets for doing something they've never done in franchise history,” Castro said. “I look forward to working with the team, including my partner Colin Cosell, who has sports royalty running through his veins.”
Howard Cosell, who passed away in 1995, carved out one of the most storied careers in sports broadcasting, including calling the majority of Muhammad Ali's fights and George Foreman's famous knockout of Joe Frazier in the 1973 world heavyweight championship.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption James Alex Fields Jnr's mother said she "did not really talk to him about his political views"
A picture has been emerging of the main suspect in the killing of a woman near a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday.
James Alex Fields Jnr, who is 20 years old and originally from Kentucky, was arrested and charged after a car was deliberately driven into a crowd of anti-fascism protesters.
His mother told local media that he did not openly express extreme views.
But evidence is emerging of a "very misguided and disillusioned" young man.
Mr Fields' former teacher characterised him as such to the Cinnicinati Tribune, and said his high school research made it clear he had beliefs that were "very much along the lines of the neo-Nazi movement".
"A lot of boys get interested in the Germans and Nazis because they're interested in World War II. But James took it to another level."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage captured the moment a car rammed into a crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville
After enlisting in the military, Mr Fields was released in December 2015 for "failing to make training" standards.
Buzzfeed reports that a now deleted Facebook account appearing to belong to him had overt references to Nazism and a "Make America Great again" banner.
It also had a photograph of the 20-year-old posing with a car resembling the one used in the attack and a variety of memes popular with the alt-right, including Pepe the Frog.
Buzzfeed also posted Youtube footage appearing to show Mr Fields chanting homophobic slurs at counter-protesters at the "Unite the Right" rally hours before the attack.
He was pictured at the event (second from left) carrying a shield with the logo of an openly fascist group: Vanguard America.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The group call themselves the "face of American fascism"
The group's website declares "America is under attack" and says: "If current trends continue, White Americans will be a minority in the nation they built. It's time to take a stand."
They released a statement on Twitter denying James Fields had been a member.
He has been charged with one count of second degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of failing to stop after a hit and run.
Republican senator Ted Cruz called on the Department of Justice to prosecute the suspect for domestic terrorism.
The FBI confirmed they had opened a civil rights investigation into the incident.
State Rep. Mike Millican Announces He Wont't Run for 8th Term in Legislature
by Rashad Snell
Citing a desire to devote more time to his family and his two local businesses as the reason for his decision, State Rep. Mike Millican (R – Hamilton) on Wednesday announced that he will not seek re-election to the House District 17 legislative seat that he has held for almost 28 years. Millican's legislative district encompasses all of Marion County and portions of Lamar and Winston counties.
“During seven terms in the Alabama House, I have participated in a great deal of our state's history and made friendships with my fellow lawmakers that will remain with me for the rest of my life,” Millican said. “I will leave office secure in the knowledge that Alabama is better educated and more prosperous today than it was when I was first elected, and I will be forever grateful to the voters who sent me to Montgomery, and to my family, who made selfless sacrifices so that I could serve these many years.”
Speaker of the House Mac McCutcheon (R – Monrovia) said the Alabama House will miss Millican's presence and input in legislative matters.
“During his 28 years of service, Mike Millican has become an institution in the Alabama House, and his absence in the chamber will require some adjustment on our part,” McCutcheon said. “After almost three decades in Montgomery, he has certainly earned his retirement from public service, and his House colleagues and I wish Mike the best as he steps off of the public stage.”
Elected to the House as a Democrat in 1990, Millican was among four state representatives who switched to the Republican Party in 2010 and helped create the GOP legislative supermajority that exists today.
Millican, who chaired the House Health Committee for 12 years, currently serves as vice chair of the panel and also holds seat on the Ways and Means General Fund Committee and the Energy Council.
He was previously employed as director of business and industry at Bevill State Community College and was also an instructor there when the school was known as Northwest Community College.
Active in his community, Millican serves on the board of directors for the Marion County Red Cross, the Winston-Marion Community Action Association, and the Marion County Extension Service. He is also a member of the Marion County Cattlemen's Association, the Marion County Republican Party, the Masonic Lodge and the Elks Lodge.
He and his wife, Debbie, are members of First Baptist Church of Hamilton.
Scientists in Queensland, Australia have identified more than 50 new species of spiders ranging in size from a tarantula as big as your face to one the size of a fingernail.
Robert Raven, an arachnologist at the Queensland Museum in Brisbane, and his team spent two weeks looking for new spiders in an area in the northern part of the state. Raven said there was “mind-blowing” diversity in the different spiders the scientists collected.
“Under one rock, down in a gully with a fresh-water spring pumping through, I found species from six arachnid orders. It was absolutely spectacular to see all these six groups together,” Raven told Australian Geographic.
One of the species is called a peacock spider.
“The males have this thing where they can — they've got a fold around their body which extends out and forms like a peacock — beautiful little thing. They're about the size of two sugar grains stuck together,” Raven told NPR. “But you can actually see them flashing away in the sun, with these beautiful colors, as they go into the courtship behavior with the female. And, of course, if they get the wrong female, then they're dinner.”
The scientists are currently identifying and photographing all the species they found and checking their findings with past discoveries to make sure none are duplicates. They've also put the giant tarantula in a tank in the lab to observe how it reacted and discovered it can stay underwater for hours at a time without emerging.
“The spider ran straight into the water, totally immersed, and remained there for at least four hours until we were too bored waiting for it to come up,” Raven said.
Even though he works with spiders every day, Raven himself has a fear of the eight-legged creatures. He doesn't know how many times he's been bitten, but estimates it's about 100.
The spider expedition was made as a part of Bush Blitz, a program where scientists work with indigenous rangers to teach them about conservation.
“Hopefully this expedition will help us identify areas of natural values that we can protect for the future,” said Brad Grogan, manager of the Western Yalanji Aboriginal Corporation.
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Chris Jones scored 15 of his 18 points in the first half, and fifth-ranked Louisville routed Rutgers 92-31 on Thursday in the quarterfinals of the American Athletic...
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
A Queens public-school teacher — fired for warning his fifth graders to “quiet down or someone will come in and shoot us” and showing up late or skipping school 76 times in two years — is suing for his job back.
Gerard B. Telfer, 56, of Rego Park, whines in his self-filed lawsuit against the Department of Education that termination was an “extremely excessive” punishment.
He had already moved to a substitute role in 2011 for using profanity, DOE records state.
At PS 101 in Flushing in January 2014, he told students to “put your f–king hands down” before warning, “If you guys do not quiet down then someone will come in and shoot us,” according to departmental charges.
He was fired last month.
Tefler — wearing an American-flag thong — told a Post reporter in the hallway of his apartment building, “Not today, I'm busy.”
He's suing for reinstatement and back pay.
“We will review the complaint,” the city Law Department said.
FILE - In this March 4, 2015 file photo, Illinois Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner speaks at an event in Springfield, Ill. Heated debates over income taxes and abortion funding in the state Capitol Tuesday, May 29, 2018, belied what legislative leaders said was a collegial negotiation over the full budget which made lawmakers optimistic they could complete their work by Thursday's deadline. Seth Perlman, File AP Photo
Woman's crazy plot to cover up husband's murder involved acid and plastic surgery An Indian woman murdered her husband, then hatched an insane plot to pour acid on her lover's face and pass him off as her not-so-dearly departed, according to a new...
Acid attack survivors parade on catwalk for fashion show Defiant survivors of acid attacks in India have braved the runway for a fashion show to raise awareness for the horrific assaults. One of the models at Saturday's show said...
Jilted woman accused of murder after maimed ex chooses death A scorned woman murdered her ex-boyfriend by pouring sulfuric acid over him and laughed, “If I can't have you, no one can,” a court heard Wednesday. Berlinah Wallace, 48, threw...
Student sprayed with acid forgives her attacker Two of the four Boston College students sprayed in the face with acid in France said they're doing just fine after the scary ordeal — as one forgave their attacker...
France acid attack victims were all Americans studying abroad Four Boston College students were doused with acid by a woman outside a French train station Sunday, according to reports. The women — identified by the Boston Globe as Courtney...
Four US tourists reportedly attacked with acid in France Four American tourists were doused in acid by a woman outside a train station in France– with two suffering burns to their faces, according to local reports. The tourists, all...
Acid attack victim says the pope saved her from suicide A Colombian acid-attack victim who had scheduled her own death by euthanasia at the end of the month changed her mind when she met Pope Francis — who called her...
Teen opens up about acid attack by bitter romantic rival A British teen — who suffered a horrific acid attack at the hands of a schoolmate in September — opened up about the incident for the first time on Thursday....
Nepal strengthens laws against exiling women during their periods KATHMANDU, Nepal — Nepal's parliament has passed a bill toward making women safer by strengthening laws against acid attacks along with the ancient Hindu customs of demanding dowry payments for...
French food group Danone has today unveiled a new €1 billion cost cutting plan.
It said the turnaround of its dairy division in Europe was taking longer than expected while tough conditions in China would also endure in 2017.
The world's largest yoghurt maker did not provide provide sales or operating profit margin growth targets for the current year.
It said it would review its financial goals for 2017 after closing its acquisition of US organic food group WhiteWave, which is slated for the first quarter.
Danone, which makes Activia yoghurt, Evian water and Bledina babyfood, said like-for-like sales in 2016 rose 2.9% to €21.94 billion.
This was in line with analysts' expectations of 2.9% growth for 2016, which was a slowdown from 4.4% growth in 2015.
The slowdown reflected tough market conditions in Spain and problems with the relaunch of its Activia brand in Europe, which held back dairy sales growth in the final quarter, while pressures in the Chinese market weighed on baby food sales.
Danone had flagged the European dairy problem in December, warning its 2016 sales growth would come below its original target of 3-5%.
FILE PHOTO: Monarch butterflies cling to a plant at the Monarch Grove Sanctuary in Pacific Grove, California, U.S., December 30, 2014. REUTERS/Michael Fiala/File Photo
By Laura Zuckerman
(Reuters) - The number of monarchs wintering in California has dropped to a five-year low, despite more volunteers counting more sites in search of the orange-and-black insect that is arguably the most admired of North American butterflies, a report said on Friday.
The latest tally of 200,000 monarchs in forested groves in California's central coast has dropped from the 1.2 million counted two decades ago, indicating the number of butterflies found west of the Rocky Mountains, or the so-called western population, continues to sharply decline, the Xerces Society for Invertebrate Conservation said in a report.
"It's certainly concerning," said Sarina Jepsen, endangered species program director for the Xerces Society.
Western monarchs are born on milkweed plants in such states as Arizona, Idaho, Utah and Washington before embarking on a seasonal migration to California.
The annual count in California, done at the end of autumn by dozens of volunteers and scientists, last saw a severe low in 2012, with 144,812 butterflies across 136 sites, she said.
In another troubling trend, the 200,000 butterflies found in the 2017 survey stemmed from monitoring of 262 sites, which were even more sites than were tracked the previous year when 300,000 monarchs were counted, Jepsen said.
Factors that may have compounded monarchs' plight in California in recent months include unseasonably warm temperatures, wildfires, smoke from wildfires and mudslides, all of which may have played roles in reports of monarchs migrating and breeding later than usual, she said.
While much is known about the decades-long population decline of monarchs in the eastern and central United States, which number in the tens of millions and which winter in Mexico before winging north in a famed mass migration, scientists have only recently been able to track the western variety due to new statistical models.
Scientists believe declines in both U.S. monarch populations are linked to human development that has seen the destruction of roosting trees in California and Mexico, climate change and farmers' increasing use of pesticides that kill the milkweed plants butterflies depend on for reproduction and food.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is considering adding monarchs to the federal list of endangered and threatened species.
A 2017 study funded by the agency found that the western population has a 63 percent chance of extinction in 20 years and an 84 percent chance in 50 years if current trends continue.
(Reporting by Laura Zuckerman in Wyoming; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
Fresh calls have been made for police forces to get more help from the Government to cover the cost of policing fracking protests.
The cost of policing the fracking site at Preston New Road, where Cuadrilla is drilling for shale gas, was £5.9m last year.
Lancashire's police and crime commissioner Clive Grunshaw last year said his calls for extra support to meet these costs - at a time when force budgets are coming under increasing pressure - fell on deaf ears.
Now his plea has been echoed by an MP in North Yorkshire, where rival gas firm Third Energy plans to drill for shale gas at its site in Kirby Misperton.
Dozens of arrests have been made at that site, with policing costs already reaching more than £600,000.
Kevin Hollinrake, MP for Thirsk and Malton, has revealed that he has met with policing minister Nick Hurd, with further meetings set for this month as he calls for financial support.
“I am hoping to get the support of the police and crime commissioner, Julia Mulligan, to make the case that North Yorkshire should only stand reduced costs of policing the area as it is clearly a national protest,” he said.
Mrs Mulligan has previously said she was keeping 'a close eye' on the bill.
Forces can apply for Government support for cost over one per cent of their budget. In Lancashire's case, that figure stands at £2.6m, while for North Yorkshire it is £1.4m.
Mr Grunshaw's calls for extra Government cash to cover the policing bill in Lancashire had received no response by November.
Protest activity in the county is expected to increase in the spring, with a three-month anti-fracking drive planned from April.
And police resources could be stretched further if Cuadrilla is granted permission to frack at a second Lancashire site at Roseacre Wood, with a planning inquiry due to open April 10.
Lancashire County Council last month voted against a revised transport plan for the proposed operation and will fight the firm's appeal against its decision to refuse permission to drill for shale gas at the site.
BofA takes one-time tax hit, vows benefit in longer term Bank of America's quarterly profit nearly halved due to tax-related charges, though net income excluding that hit topped estimates and management promised the new US tax system would eventually benefit...
Bank of America signs lease for expansion into HBO building Santa Claus came early for the new owners of 1100 Sixth Ave., the HBO building on Sixth and 42nd Street. Bank of America and Brookfield Property Partners signed a lease...
Bank of America let house become eyesore in Crown Heights In Crown Heights, a two-family house owned by Bank of America was the only eyesore on an otherwise well-kept block. Bank of America's home had weeds growing several feet high...
Bank of America plans expansion into HBO building Bank of America is bullish on New York — and on Sixth Avenue. Bank of America plans to expand from its One Bryant Park Manhattan home into the entire HBO...
Berkshire Hathaway nets $11.5B from Bank of America deal Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway is about $11.5 billion richer, thanks to Bank of America. Buffett's firm pulled the trigger on a 2011 options deal that lets it buy 700 million...
Banks formed 'cartel', made threats against competitors: suit Pensions representing more than 386,000 public workers across the country sued six banks on Thursday, claiming the Wall Street giants conspired for nearly two decades to inflate prices and stamp...
Bank of America's profits up despite trading slump Bank of America, the second-largest US lender by assets, reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit on Tuesday as revenue rose in three of its main businesses, more than offsetting a fall...
Wall Street bank shares off despite surprisingly strong profits Wall Street was hit with steep losses in the stock market on Friday, when three of the biggest US banks reported earnings that showed weak trading in bond and stock...
Don't trust Bank of America when it comes to gas prices There's a saying: “Garbage in, garbage out.” That means if you put salt instead of sugar in a chocolate cake, don't expect it to taste sweet. And if you base...
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia — Saudi Arabia's King Salman on Saturday removed a prominent prince who headed the National Guard, replaced the economy minister and announced the creation of a new anti-corruption committee.
The Saudi-owned Al-Arabiya news channel also reported late Saturday that 11 princes and dozens of former ministers were detained in a new anti-corruption probe headed by the kingdom's powerful Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who was also named to oversee the new committee.
Al-Arabiya reported that the committee is looking into devastating and deadly floods that overwhelmed parts of the city of Jiddah in 2009 and is investigating the Saudi government's response to the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) virus that has killed several hundred people in the past few years.
Meanwhile, the kingdom's top council of clerics issued a statement saying it is an Islamic duty to fight corruption— essentially giving religious backing to the high-level arrests being reported.
The government said the anti-corruption committee has the right to issue arrest warrants, impose travel restrictions and freeze bank accounts. It can also trace funds, prevent the transfer of funds or the liquidation of assets and take other precautionary measures until cases are referred to the judiciary.
The royal order said the committee was established “due to the propensity of some people for abuse, putting their personal interest above public interest, and stealing public funds.”
Saudi nationals have long complained of rampant corruption in government and of public funds being squandered or misused by people in power.
The 32-year-old crown prince has been seeking to attract greater international investments and improve the country's reputation as a place to do business. It's part of a larger effort to diversify the economy away from dependence on oil revenue.
The king ousted one of the country's highest-level royals from power, removing Prince Miteb bin Abdullah as head of the National Guard. He was replaced by Prince Khalid bin Ayyaf al-Muqrin, who had held a senior post with the guard.
Prince Miteb's father was the late King Abdullah, who also had led the National Guard and had transformed it into a powerful and prestigious force tasked with protecting the ruling Al Saud family, as well as important holy sites in Mecca and Medina, and oil and gas sites.
Prince Miteb was once considered a contender for the throne. His ouster as head of the National Guard essentially sidelines one of the most formidable rivals to the current crown prince, who has amassed enormous power in less than three years since his father, King Salman, ascended to the throne.
It comes just three months after Prince Mohammed bin Nayef was ousted from the line of succession and from his post as interior minister, overseeing internal security.
With the two princes now sidelined, control of the kingdom's security apparatus is now largely centralized under Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who is also defense minister.
The monarch also replaced Minister of Economy and Planning Adel Fakeih with his deputy, Mohammad al-Tuwaijri.
Admiral Abdullah Al-Sultan was also sacked as commander of Saudi Naval Forces and replaced by Admiral Fahd bin Abdullah Al-Ghifaili.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The owner of Xdolls says his sex dolls are like sex toys and do not degrade women (file picture)
Paris councillors are due to decide on the future of a business where clients are charged €89 ($109; £78) to spend an hour with a silicon sex doll, local media report.
Communist councillors and feminist groups have been calling for the closure of Xdolls.
Currently, Xdolls is registered as a games centre, but opponents argue it is effectively a brothel.
Owning or operating a brothel is illegal in France.
You may also be interested in:
Xdolls is located in an anonymous-looking flat in the French capital and opened last month.
Clients are mainly men, though some couples also visit, owner Joachim Lousquy, who formerly managed e-cigarette shops, told Le Parisien newspaper.
Xdolls has three rooms, each containing a silicone sex doll measuring about 1m45 (4ft 7in) and worth several thousand euros.
Customers make their booking and payment online, and the exact address is kept secret. Not even the neighbours are aware of the nature of the business, Mr Lousquy says.
'Place of prostitution'
But its critics want to see it shut. Nicolas Bonnet Oulaldj, a communist councillor, is taking the matter before the Council of Paris - the deliberative body responsible for governing the city - which is meeting this week.
"Xdolls conveys a degrading image of the woman," he is quoted as saying in Le Parisien.
He and his fellow councillors are calling for a ban on Xdolls, saying operates like a brothel.
Mr Lousquy says the dolls are sex toys and that he does not see them as degrading to women.
Lorraine Questiaux, lawyer and spokesperson for a Paris feminist association, says "that in France, every year, there are 86,000 women raped".
"Xdolls is not a sex shop. It's a place that generates money and where you rape a woman," Ms Questiaux, who also wants the centre closed, adds.
WARSAW, Poland — Pope Francis' decision to move the World War II-era head of Poland's Catholic Church a step closer to possible sainthood has hit a stumbling block, after two leading Jewish organizations and even Polish Catholic publications called him out for anti-Semitic views.
It's not clear if the protests will derail the sainthood cause of Cardinal August Hlond, but in the past the Vatican has taken such protests seriously and at the very least put the cases up for closer review.
In May, Francis approved a decree recognizing Hlond's “heroic virtues.” Now the Vatican must confirm a miracle attributed to Hlond's intercession for him to be beatified, and a second one for him to be made a saint.
Hlond, born July 5, 1881, was the highest-ranking church official in Poland from 1926 to his death in 1948. He is highly respected in this overwhelmingly Catholic country for having rejected Nazi Germany's proposals for a collaborative government, and for protecting the church's independence during the first years of communism.
In its protest, the American Jewish Committee pointed to a passage in a 1936 pastoral letter by Hlond, who was Poland's primate then, that showed his attitude toward Jews and echoed the general line of the Catholic Church of the time.
The group also criticized Hlond's failure to condemn the killings of at least 40 Jews in Poland in 1946 by a mob and secret security. It argued that moving forward with the canonization process will be seen as an “expression of approval of Cardinal Hlond's extremely negative approach toward the Jewish community.”
“It's very difficult to see how you can still claim that the man was a paragon (of saintliness) when the data is so explicit,” AJC's director of interreligious affairs, Rabbi David Rosen, told The Associated Press.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center, a Nazi-hunting body, said making Hlond a saint would “further embolden” Poland's right-wing government in its “headlong efforts to selectively rewrite Polish activities from that tragic era.”
The disputed passage in Hlond's letter reads: “It is a fact that the Jews are fighting against the Catholic Church, persisting in free thinking, and are the vanguard of godlessness, Bolshevism and subversion.”
It has frequently been cited as evidence of the Catholic Church's institutional anti-Semitism prior to the modernizing reforms of the Second Vatican Council in the 1960s.
But Hlond also wrote that there are many “ethically outstanding, noble and respectable” Jews, and that all Jews should be “respected and loved as persons and as neighbors.”
In what appeared to be a condemnation of German Nazi laws, the letter warned against “imported from abroad” anti-Semitism that's “incompatible with Catholic ethics.”
“It is not allowed to attack Jews, beat them, injure them or slander them,” Hlond said in the letter, which priests read out in churches at Lent in 1936.
He said it was “good” to support Polish businesses and avoid Jewish ones, but it was “forbidden” to “ravage Jewish shops, destroy the goods of the Jews, break windows, throw firecrackers at their homes.”
Rosen, who has decades of experience in Catholic-Jewish relations, said the process of making Hlond a saint should be halted.
see also Pope accepts resignations from bishops in sex abuse scandal Pope Francis on Monday accepted the resignations of three Chilean...
But the Polish priest promoting Hlond's case before the Vatican's Congregations for the Causes of Saints said the criticism is “unfounded” because Hlond's words had been taken out of context. Mgr. Boguslaw Koziol has discussed all the documents with Vatican experts, and insists Hlond preached love regardless of nation or religion.
Koziol believes that the whole passage — titled “From our Sins” — was progressive for its time and aimed to protect Jews from violence. But he admits it also included questionable ideas.
Hlond's critics “have focused on this negative part of the letter, but are not quoting any other part,” he told the AP.
Catholic weekly Tygodnik Powszechny argued that the letter failed to protect Jews from the attacks of Polish nationalists.
It said Hlond didn't “suggest any way out of the ‘Jewish problem,' or any good plan for a dignified and peaceful coexistence in one country. One could protest: these were not yet the times of dialogue. But one may also reply: shouldn't we expect candidates for sainthood to be larger than the routine thinking of their times?”
Referring to the July 4, 1946 pogrom in the town of Kielce — where a mob and secret security forces killed at least 40 Jews and two Poles who were defending them — Rosen said that Hlond “did not condemn the pogrom nor urge Poles to stop murdering Jews. Rather, he pointed out that the Jews were all communists or supporters of communism and that the pogrom was their own fault.”
Koziol, however, blames Poland's post-war communist rule for Hlond's reticence. Any direct condemnation would have meant a confrontation with the regime and repercussions for the church.
In 2005, the Vatican shelved the planned beatification of French priest the Rev. Leon Dehon and launched an inquiry after complaints about his anti-Semitic views.
JERUSALEM — A former Mossad chief has told an Israeli television program that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gave the order in 2011 for the military to prepare to attack Iran within 15 days.
Tamir Pardo told Keshet TV's show Uvda in an interview that aired Thursday that the order was not given “for the sake of a drill.”
There was no immediate comment from Netanyahu's office.
Ex-premier Ehud Barak, who was Netanyahu's defence minister in 2011, previously claimed Netanyahu sought to bomb Iran in 2010 and 2011, but was opposed by senior Israeli officials.
Pardo says he consulted the Mossad's legal advisers following the order but didn't explain what happened after that.
The Israeli leader has been a strident critic of Iran, and has accused Tehran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons.
Manny Machado opens up on the Aaron Judge controversy PORT ST. LUCIE — Whether he lands in pinstripes or not, Manny Machado already has Aaron Judge's back. Judge took heat from the MLB tampering police after he said Wednesday...
The 5 MLB contenders whose windows can slam fast The devastation of the Royals did not begin this offseason with the free agent departures of Lorenzo Cain, Eric Hosmer and — we presume at some point — Mike Moustakas. ­ That...
What Yankees' AL East rivals have been up to this offseason Here's an in-depth breakdown of the Yankees' AL East rivals: Orioles Manager: Buck Showalter (ninth year) Spring training site: Sarasota, Fla. Key additions: The Orioles are among the many teams...
A one-year lesson in how quickly Yankees, Mets fates can change When 2017 began, the Mets had expanded to a team-record payroll to chase what for this franchise would be an unprecedented third straight playoff trip and galvanize the idea they...
Have these megadeals scared MLB into hot-stove freeze? The favorite pastime involving the national pastime has become examining why the free-agent market has moved so slowly. Early this offseason the traffic jam was often blamed on so many...
One move left to set up a Yankees-Red Sox duel Zach Britton went south, Evan Longoria went west and the AL East tilted further to the north. The Orioles revealed Wednesday that Britton had ruptured his right (landing) Achilles during...
Yankees' plan if they can't pull off a Manny Machado miracle LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — The Yankees checked in on Manny Machado for many reasons but mainly because, well, they are the Yankees. It is in their DNA to inquire...
Yankees could work around the Orioles to get Manny Machado One MLB executive told The Post's George A. King III on Tuesday that Orioles owner Peter Angelos would never trade Manny Machado to the Yankees. Maybe the Yankees won't need him to....
What Yankees would need to pull off Manny Machado blockbuster LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — It has not been in the Orioles' makeup to surrender in the AL East, regardless of how pumped up the rosters of the Yankees and...
Image copyright Northamptonshire Police Image caption Northamptonshire Police has applied for a Civil Destruction Order for Muppet
A dog facing destruction by police after allegedly biting four people during Storm Doris "does not continue to present a danger to public safety", the force's own expert has said.
Northamptonshire Police has applied for a Civil Destruction Order for Muppet after the attacks involving two dogs.
But his owner said none of the victims could state Muppet had bitten them.
In a document seen by the BBC, the police's expert witness described Muppet as "insecure and subdued".
Northamptonshire Police previously said letting the dog live was not a "safe option".
More news from Northamptonshire
Staffie-cross Muppet and a friend's dog Phoebe were in owner Jeff Penfold's garden in Duston near Northampton when the storm blew down a gate on 23 February.
The dogs escaped and four people were bitten, police said.
However, Mr Penfold said three people stated they had not been bitten by Muppet, and the fourth victim was not sure if it was him.
Phoebe was destroyed and 15-month-old Muppet was seized and placed in kennels.
Image copyright Jeff Penfold Image caption Muppet (r) lived at home with his mother and father Ben (l)
Although no criminal charges have been brought, Mr Penfold was twice asked to sign a voluntary destruction order, but refused.
Northamptonshire Police has declined to make any further comment ahead of a hearing at Wellingborough Magistrates' Court on 10 October.
'Real lap dog'
Muppet was examined the day after the attacks by a police dog handler and trainer brought in by the force as an expert witness.
The officer, whose role includes providing guidance on the Dangerous Dogs Act, described Muppet as "insecure and subdued".
"I did not consider the dog's behaviour at any time to be that of a dog that continues to present a danger to public safety," he said.
However, Muppet was "in the presence of another dog" at the time and his behaviour may have been "influenced by other dogs within its environment", he concluded.
Muppet's owner Mr Penfold has not been allowed to see him since February and said he was "distraught".
The dog was "the most placid animal and a real lap dog".
'Save Muppet' petition
Muppet had "never shown any aggression", he said, and was regularly taken to a care home for people with dementia and walked by a young man with autism.
Police applied for the destruction order saying it was "proportionate... to avoid a criminal case for the owners".
The decision prompted a backlash on Facebook with hundreds saying it was wrong to punish the "frightened" dog, although some agreed the police response was the right one if the dog had bitten people.
A petition started on Friday to "save Muppet from destruction" has more than 4,700 signatures.
Mr Penfold said he would abide with any compliance orders including muzzling, but "just wants Muppet home".
Retailers consider investing in online 'Costco for millennials' General Mills and Bed Bath & Beyond are weighing investments in Boxed.com, The Post has learned. Big Apple-based Boxed, dubbed the online “Costco for millennials,” is suddenly among the hottest...
Bed Bath & Beyond denies it has scrapped Ivanka Trump goods Bed Bath & Beyond is belatedly denying reports last week that it has dumped Ivanka Trump merchandise from its stores. The home-goods retailer — which had stayed silent Friday after...
Bed Bath & Beyond is the latest retailer to dump Ivanka goods Bed Bath & Beyond appears to be the latest retailer to have dumped Ivanka Trump merchandise. The GrabYourWallet campaign, which encourages consumers to boycott retailers that sell Trump-branded goods, is...
Bed Bath & Beyond opens design and photo studios in Hudson Square Bed Bath & Beyond is making its bed in Hudson Square — not for a new store, but for large, new state-of-the- art design and photo studios. The fast-growing retailer,...
Bed Bath & Beyond answers your prayers, will serve beer and wine Just call it Bed Bath & Booze. The home and accessories retailer, Bed Bath & Beyond, plans to create a restaurant serving wine and beer at its upcoming 120,000-square-foot Liberty...
Bed Bath & Beyond acquires One Kings Lane at a discount The flash-sale shake-out has hit home for One Kings Lane. The online furniture retailer — once valued at nearly $1 billion on paper — was sold at a fraction of...
15 fresh desk accessories to get you in the spring of things Second to none Count down the minutes 'til happy hour on this cute clock. Vitra sunburst clock, $329 at rockettstgeorge.co.uk Lighten up Make your day a little brighter with a...
Elizabeth Arden photoshoot turned into national campaign: suit She looks warm in this bathrobe, but a model says Bed Bath & Beyond and Elizabeth Arden left her out in the cold financially. Kata Greaney alleges in a $1.1...
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Pop star Rihanna, one of the most-followed people on social media, posted to Instagram on Thursday to call out Snapchat over an ad that asked users if they would rather "slap" her or "punch" singer Chris Brown.
Snapchat users brought attention to the ad, which was promoting a smartphone game called"Would You Rather?" Snapchat later apologized and took down the ad.
Is it just me, or is this ad that popped up on my Snapchat extremely tone deaf? Like what were they thinking with this? pic.twitter.com/7kP9RHcgNG — Royce Mann (@TheRoyceMann) March 12, 2018
"This advertisement is disgusting and never should have appeared on our service," Snapchat spokesperson Rachel Racusen wrote in an email. “We are so sorry we made this terrible mistake of allowing it through our review process. We are investigating how that happened so that we can make sure it never happens again."
While other big tech companies have been plagued with problems caused by the increasing automation of online advertising, Snapchat has been able to boast of tougher safeguards, since its ads are reviewed by human moderators who use a set of rules for what is acceptable on the platform.
Twitter users noted it was particularly insensitive because Rihanna was assaulted by singer Chris Brown in 2009. Chelsea Clinton weighed in, describing the ad as "awful."
Rihanna, who has around 226 million followers across social media, according to measurement firm RelishMix, wasted no time in criticizing Snapchat. She posted a scathing response on her Instagram account.
This @rihanna's rightful response to a Snapchat ad for a game asking users, “would you rather slap Rihanna or punch Chris Brown?” I am so blown... pic.twitter.com/GyiY5XBNgY — gina cherelus (@jeanuh_) March 15, 2018
The artist wrote that Snapchat was not her favorite app and added: "You spent money to animate something that would intentionally bring shame to DV [domestic violence] victims and made a joke of it!!!"
She said Snapchat had "let us down. Shame on You."
Shares in Snapchat's parent company, Snap Inc., took a dip in afternoon trading, falling 4.4 percent to $17.06 in midafternoon trading.
Snapchat, in which NBCUniversal is an investor, has been in a precarious position after its widely criticized redesign, which was slammed by another force in social media: Kylie Jenner. Jenner's comments were followed by the loss of a billion dollars of company value on the same day.
Despite its recent troubles, Snapchat has showed signs of continued growth. The company, based in Los Angeles, reported a total of 187 million daily active users.
USAA takes stake in cognitive computing firm
USAA is to implement artificial intelligence technology to improve customer services following participation in a $15 million funding round for CognitiveScale.
USAA says it will deploy CognitiveScale's Financial Services suite of AI-based tools to deliver predictive, data-driven banking and insurance services while learning continuously from user interactions and data.
“USAA has a long history of using emerging technologies to develop innovative ways to serve our members,” says Nathan McKinley, VP and head of corporate development for USAA. “Our work with CognitiveScale allows us to support such innovation through our investment while also leveraging the AI products they have today to find ways to better serve our members.”
The Austin Texas-based firm says USAA will follow its 10-10-10 deployment model, which helps businesses select and model their first cognitive system in 10 hours, configure that system using their own data in 10 days, and deploy it within 10 weeks.
Other investors in the latest round - which brings total funding for the company to $50 million - include Norwest Venture Partners, Intel Capital, Microsoft Ventures, and The Westly Group.
School asking for daily fee to pay for students' pens, pencils A “cash strapped” school is asking parents to pay a little over $1-a-day to pay for basic equipment including pens, pencils and exercise books. The move is said to have...
Florida schools start to reopen after Irma MIAMI — Miami-Dade and Broward counties will reopen schools the first time since before Hurricane Irma threatened to hit South Florida. The schools in both counties are scheduled to open...
Back-to-school season is the worst time of the year for parents Eight in 10 parents experience back-to-school anxiety, with the majority saying there is no tougher time for a parent, according to new research. A study of 1,000 parents of school-aged...
Top chefs share school lunch ideas kids will actually like When packing lunches for kids, it's easy to fall into a PB&J rut. But you don't have to be a famous chef to make your kids the envy of the...
These back-to-school magazines seem completely out-of-touch After a long, lazy summer, your kids are heading back to school this week. Is it safe to say they're not entirely happy about this? Two Meredith magazines — Parents...
Here's why there might be a back-to-school retail slump With a new school year kicking off, across America, everything seems to be on schedule — except for back-to-school sales. Despite the economy growing and unemployment continuing to shrink, back-to-school...
Girl dies in car crash heading to first day of school MIRAMAR, Fla. — An 8-year-old Florida girl was killed during a crash on her way to her first day of school. Miramar police spokeswoman Tania Rues says the child's mother...
Retail group's back-to-school projection doesn't jive with recent numbers Amid the carnage of widespread retail bankruptcies, store closings and tumbling sales, a national retail group on Thursday predicted the soon-to-start back-to-school shopping season will turn out to be the...
City schools confiscating more weapons than police data says City schools have confiscated far more weapons from students than previously believed, The Post has found. School officials recorded 2,485 separate instances when staff took guns, knives and other potentially...
Video
A World War One grave in France marked as that of an unknown soldier has been identified as the resting place of an army officer from Scotland.
The headstone at Jonchery-Sur-Vesle, near Reims, was dedicated only to "a major" of the Royal Engineers.
Detective work by David Tattersfield, of the Western Front Association, identified the major to be an Alexander Soutar, a minister's son.
Maj Soutar was born in Cullen and grew up in Glasgow and Thurso.
He fought at the Somme in 1916 and Passchendale in 1917, before being shot and killed by a sniper on 28 May 1918 while helping to defend the village of Hermonville, near Jonchery-Sur-Vesle, from an attack by German soldiers.
One hundred years after his death, Maj Soutar's descendants have gathered at the Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery where he lies to honour him.
A new headstone with his name has been erected.
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
[Deal Alert] Get the HTC U Ultra for $599 ($150 off), HTC 10 for $499 ($200 off), and One A9 for $199 ($300 off)
Rostam—a.k.a. Rostam Batmanglij, formerly of Vampire Weekend—has announced his debut solo album, Half-Light. He's also released a fuzzy-sounding new song, “Bike Dream.”
The album includes Rostam's April single “Gwan,” and two guest features: Wet's Kelly Zutrau, and solo artist and former Dirty Projectors member Angel Deradoorian.
In a press statement, Rostam explained his choice of the title Half-Light. “When I read its definition, and found that it had a double meaning—that it referred to both dawn and dusk—I started to think of how those times of day are part of so many lyrics on this album,” he said. The idea of dualities also refers to ethnicity and sexuality, he said: “Any person growing up in America with immigrant parents experiences this dichotomy, of feeling both double and half. It's something a lot of us who identify as queer experienced growing up as well, slipping between straight and gay worlds, code-switching. I say experienced in the past tense because I don't know that that's the experience today's kids will have. Things are changing.”
In January 2016, Rostam announced he had left Vampire Weekend, but would continue to collaborate with the band. He's already released a few solo singles, including “EOS” and “Gravity Don't Pull Me.” He's also worked with a number of other artists, including co-writing Frank Ocean's “Ivy” and contributing production to the upcoming Haim album.
Half-Light is out September 8 from Nonesuch. See the album art and track list below.
Rostam, Half-Light
1. “Sumer”
2. “Bike Dream”
3. “Half-Light” ft. Kelly Zutrau
4. “Thatch Snow”
5. “Wood”
6. “Never Going to Catch Me”
7. “Don't Let It Get to You”
8. “I Will See You Again”
9. “Hold You” ft. Angel Deradoorian
10. When
11. “Rudy”
12. “Warning Intruders”
13. “EOS”
14. “Gwan”
15. “Don't Let It Get to You (Reprise)”
Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem
Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season'
1:07
“If we are in rhythm with nature, we are in rhythm with ourselves.” —Micah Hobbes Frazier
If we pay close attention, we can experience the wonder that emerges from the beauty, magic, miracles and patterns all around us. Wow! Isn't it amazing? The world is full of emergence—one of the best concepts I have learned for discussing this “wow,” this wonder. Nick Obolensky, author of Complex Adaptive Leadership: Embracing Paradox and Uncertainty, writes emergence is the way complex systems and patterns arise out of a multiplicity of relatively simple interactions. Emergent strategy is a way to build complex patterns and systems of justice and liberation through relatively small interactions. I am often wowed when I imagine the scale of transformation that could come from movements intentionally practicing this way of being, on our own and with others.
I have learned emergent strategy in conversations with, and by listening to, a chorus of people who inspire me when they talk about how they have learned and changed in exposure to nature. Here is a small collection of pieces from organizers, facilitators, and artists at the precipice of wonder and strategy.
Zigzag randomly
“When I think of the lies around leadership I was taught as a child, I think of Brownian motion. Growing up middle-class and college-tracked, I was fed a heavy diet of ‘leadership' rhetoric from a very young age. Everything was about how to be a better leader. It seemed suspect to me. I mainly wanted to read, learn, have fun, and fight injustice when necessary, but not in order to run for office or anything.
“In college, when I learned about Brownian motion—the way small particles, suspended in a gas or liquid, appear to dance and zigzag randomly—I thought, yes, this is what happens when everyone is obsessed with being leaders. You got all these fast-moving atoms pushing around the molecules willy-nilly, unable to cooperate and coordinate consensually and intentionally to form larger intentional patterns.
“It's still something I struggle with, the unlearning of patriarchal and corporate leadership forms, while also accepting that Brownian motion is just a part of life. I don't have to feel frustrated with inefficiency or blame it on hyper-individualism all the time. Sometimes it just is what it is.” —Katie Lonke
Cultivating trust as an organizing strategy: lessons from mycelium mushrooms
“Mycelium mushrooms have been one of my greatest teachers of trust. The word mycelium means ‘more than one.' The mycelium organism is a dynamic root system of mushrooms that utilizes trust as a mechanism to build and sustain a vast, reciprocal, underground network that connects the roots of trees and plants and skillfully shares nutrients and resources to support the health of the entire ecosystem with which it moves.
“This mycelial network cannot exist without trust. The mycelium communication highway recognizes and believes in the collective ability to channel and receive nutrients where needed, protect against parasites, and expand roots into necessary sites of growth. The network process also fosters intergenerational relationships that welcome the myriad of ancient wisdom and connections that reside in older trees to benefit younger trees. These mushrooms affirm a commitment to building relationships of trust that encourage all life to bloom. One that I aspire to embody more and more in my organizing practice.” —Adaku Utah
The pace of water
“Glaciers and rivers change my idea about the time span in which change happens. When it seems like nothing is moving, you could be changing the face of the Earth. It makes me more patient. I've gotten a lot better at not getting demoralized when the first effort doesn't work, staying with it.” —Ashindi Maxton
Seasons
“I think the most obvious learning that's always in our face, and that we sometimes forget about in this work, is the notion of seasons. And their importance. It impacts your ability to go slow or fast, but also helps you appreciate those qualities more. We have to organize in a way that makes sense for the moment, with a long view for changing conditions, learning to appreciate how those conditions give us the freedom to flex different muscles. But I think more often than not, we are caught unawares by seasonal shifts—‘Oh, shit it's winter; I guess I needed that coat.' Even though we know it's coming every single year.”—Mervyn Marcano
“Loss, even death, isn't failure. It is necessary for that endless child, evolution, to learn. So I take great care to learn from loss, treat it as a planted and nourished seed, and to treat times of cold and dark as rest.”—Hannah Sassaman
Devastation as a source of liberation
“A tornado comes with a vengeance, but its vengeance is not against you; it's against the things that hurt you and keep you disconnected from your purpose. We are the tornado. A tornado creates conditions for the impossible. It doesn't wait for you to recognize your liberation. The aggressive, unyielding love of the tornado doesn't allow you to run away from yourself.” —jasmine burnett
Nurture your garden
“When a plant sends all of its energy down into the roots as opposed to when it is trying to bloom. When blooming, the plant expends all of its energy making flowers, and then making those flowers into fruit. This process takes a tremendous amount of resources. Better have good roots. From nature, I have learned to unapologetically attend to my garden.” —Lottie V. Spady
Being of nature
“Every aspect of nature is its own distinct contribution, sometimes greatly opposing the properties of another, and yet they find their complement together, and there is no question of belonging. Nature invited me into listening. It invited me into synergy and serendipity, and that coordination is both planned and spontaneously co-created. Nature asked me to widen in my heart and trust that the answers live way beyond me or what I can directly control.” —Vassilisa Johri
She holds us still
Prentis Hemphill and Kasha Ho are two of the most beautiful humans I have ever met, and they found each other, and I love and learn so much from how they live.
Prentis: “I moved to Hawaii two and a half years ago to be with my partner, whose family came here generations ago to work the plantations. Soon after moving, I had this experience of sitting in our backyard in the Palolo Valley of Oahu, which was mostly a section of jungle and less a yard. But I was sitting there on the dirt considering Western psychology (I'm a therapist) and this concept of the ‘good-enough mother,' of being an imperfect but mostly present mother as enough to raise a healthy child. I was thinking about the isolation of Western parenting and how the burden fell absolutely on women, but also I was considering and feeling this human longing to be held completely.
Sitting on that ground, it occurred to me, through my body first, then my thoughts, that the Earth, the land was the key. The Earth has held everything that's ever happened to us. And in psychology we see health indicated by our romantic or familial or work relationships, but there's never an assessment of our relationship with place and land. It was a huge realization for me to feel that as a healing justice organizer and practitioner, I could borrow from the ground because it has always had the most capacity. And I can keep pointing our people in the direction of the ground and the land to hold what seems impossible. For Black people in the U.S., this is a complicated conversation and one I feel is critical to our collective healing.”
Kasha:
The question is:
Can I get bigger than myself?
Not lose myself or let myself go
but become wide enough to contain all that is true.
Resist the temptation to retract around what is right
or makes me feel in control.
Broaden my hips out wide like the valley.
The Earth holds all of this
and doesn't feel responsible.
Her water is moved by the moon.
Her surface is warmed by the sun.
And she doesn't fight the feeling
or feel self-conscious.
We have torn and prodded and blown her apart.
She holds us still.
Without contempt.
We kill each other and hate each other on her shores.
She witnesses.
Send rains to cleanse.
She doesn't question her existence.
She just continues to be.
From the Online Zine Let the Choir Say Wow to accompany Emergent Strategy: Shaping Change, Changing Worlds.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he had a feeling his side would "batter" Scotland as they trained well in the run up to their 34-7 bonus-point win at the Principality Stadium.
WATCH MORE: Stunning Evans try completes Wales' dominant victory
After a much-needed off weekend, Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series drivers and teams will head to Bristol Motor Speedway for Sunday's Food City 500.
Pre-race coverage begins at 12:30 p.m. ET with “NASCAR RaceDay” on FS1, followed by race coverage beginning at 1:30 p.m. ET on FOX.
Check out who will be in the 39-car field on Sunday at the 0.533-mile Tennessee short track:
Nigel Kinrade/LAT Photo USA
A new exhibit, "Know Justice Know Peace" opens at the Levine Museum of the New South in late February. Brenda Tindal, Levine Museum historian, gave a tour of the exhibit which focuses on a quick response to the September 2016 protests of the fatal shooting of Keith Lamont Scott by a CMPD officer.
French Media outlets are circulating reports that #MeghanMarkle and #PrinceHarry are expected to be in #france on the 8th of August, to attend a commemorative service for the 100th year Anniversary of the battle of Amiens, at the Amiens Cathedral. But first up on the 9th of July they are reportedly expected to attend #PrinceLouis's Christening at the Chapel Royal,St James Palace, London. 👑 . . #britishroyalfamily #DukeofSussex #DuchessofSussex #britishroyalty #kensingtonroyal #royalupdate #powercouple #London #Boston #GoodHousekeeping #rachaelzane #throwback #Classy #chic #style #elegant #celebrity #beautiful #fashion #biracialandproud #americanprincess #americanduchess
A post shared by Meghan Markle (@meghanmarkle_hd) on Jun 23, 2018 at 12:22am PDT
Cops knew about Sandy Hook shooter's plot for years Adam Lanza expressed his desire to commit the Sandy Hook massacre years before the tragedy took place — and when a witness alerted police, cops said there was nothing they...
Adam Lanza may have been on feds' radar before Sandy Hook shooting Federal agents may have visited Adam Lanza's home prior to his mass shooting at Newtown Elementary School, according to documents released on Tuesday. A local resident had told the FBI...
FBI docs reveal Sandy Hook shooter had interest in pedophilia The maniac who slaughtered 20 first-graders at Sandy Hook Elementary School had an interest in pedophilia and may have believed he was “saving” the children he murdered, according to documents...
New Sandy Hook Elementary School opens 4 years after massacre Sandy Hook Elementary School has risen from its ashes with this message, spelled in a green tile mosaic, for all who enter its doors: “Be kind.” The rebuilt, $50 million...
UK workers are losing on average nine working days due to technology failing around the office, a new survey by Ebuyer.com has revealed.
The survey of UK office workers, conducted by the UK's largest independent online tech retailer, revealed that one in ten workers wastes up to 30 minutes a day due to technology not working in the workplace, with the average time lost totalling 15 minutes and 17 seconds.
With 253 working days in 2018, this totals over nine working days being lost next year - a staggering number, especially for small businesses.
Workers in the legal sector lost the most amount of time each day due to technology issues, spending an average of 17 minutes and 10 seconds waiting for issues to be resolved. Those working in the IT industry lost on average 17 minutes. Engineering and manufacturing workers also featured in the top three, losing on average 16 minutes, 44 seconds.
The industries that saw workers lose the most time due to office tech fails were:
Legal (17 minutes, 10 seconds)
Information technology (17 minutes, 2 seconds)
Engineering and manufacturing (16 minutes, 44 seconds)
Recruitment and HR (16 minutes, 26 seconds)
Marketing, advertising and PR (15 minutes, 59 seconds)
Accountancy, banking and finance (15 minutes, 40 seconds)
Property and construction (15 minutes, 28 seconds)
Healthcare (15 minutes, 23 seconds)
Teaching and education (15 minutes, 9 seconds)
Public services and administration (15 minutes, 8 seconds)
In an ever increasing digital world, it is no surprise that internet connectivity issues was the most common tech fail in UK offices, with 44% of workers claiming this has affected them in the last six months. Computers and laptops crashing was the second most common tech fail (41%), followed by the printer breaking (40%).
As businesses look to implement measures throughout the company in line with GDPR, which comes into effect from May 2018, a worrying amount of workers claims they have accidentally sent an email to the wrong person (15%), with a further 7% losing time at work due to the work system being hacked. Over 6% of workers have accidentally clicked on a spam email - a sure fire way to cause a headache for the company's IT team.
Dave Jones, product buyer at Ebuyer.com, said: “The research we conducted has revealed some really shocking figures. Over nine working days lost to technology is sure to have a huge impact on businesses, especially small businesses and start-ups.
“Making sure that technology is regularly updated will stop issues with computers regularly crashing, and having systems backed up on servers should keep time lost to a minimum. Keeping equipment around the office updated and replacing old and slow technology may cost in the short term, but the time saved will soon balance this out.
“Keeping office supplies stocked is also a quick and easy way to keep time lost to a minimum, as over one in seven (13%) workers lost time in work due to the printer running out of paper!”
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
If robots do take over one day, humans may be obliged to celebrate all sorts of holidays dedicated to mathematical constants that interest our AI overlords. For now we mark only a few such days, including e Day (in honor of the natural logarithm e), Mole Day (recognizing the Avogadro constant used in chemistry), and, of course, Pi Day, which occurs every March 14.
Why celebrate the number pi (π) on March 14? Because it's the fourteenth day of the third month of the year, and 3 and 14 are the first three digits of pi's decimal expansion. If you really want to show you're a pi aficionado, you can start your celebration at 1:59 p.m. and 26 seconds, because with those five additional digits you have pi's first eight digits: 3.1415926.
Those eight numbers are just the beginning of pi's true value. Unlike most numbers we encounter in everyday life, pi has digits to the right of the decimal point that go on not just for a long time but forever — and in an unpredictable way. The Swiss mathematician Johann Heinrich Lambert proved that in 1761.
The short way to say this is that pi is an irrational number, one that cannot be represented as a fraction and thus has an infinite and never-repeating decimal expansion. And since the 19th Century, pi has been known to be transcendental, meaning that no combination of its powers can add up to a whole number. This distinguishes it again from more familiar irrational numbers like the square root of two (whose second power is equal to two).
Real-world reflections
You don't have to be a mathematician or even a “math person” to find pi fascinating. We all learned as students that pi represents the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter, or, as we might put that mathematically, π = c/d. But not every student fully appreciates the fact that the ratio stays constant no matter how big or how small the circle.
Pi is an ideal. It characterizes the relationship between measurements of a perfect circle in a Platonic world. But we see its real-world reflection all around us. It's present in coins, plates, those circular irrigation ponds you see from airplanes, and other familiar objects — pi is embedded within them all. The same is true for three-dimensional objects like spheres and cylinders. As long as something is round, pi applies.
And pi isn't just about round things. Famously, it's a piece of Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, which quantifies the level of precision one can obtain when making measurements at the subatomic level. Closer to home, pi is part of a formula used to price investment risk. Pi both leaves nothing to chance and helps measures chance.
Ancient origins
Pi is as timeless as it is unchanging. Our ancestors knew about pi at least as far back as 4,000 years ago, even if a Greek letter wasn't used to denote it until 1647. The Bible contains an implicit reference to pi: A cylindrical vat used by Hiram in the "Book of Kings" is said to measure 10 cubits across and 30 cubits around. (30/10 = 3, which at least gives the first digit of pi.) The ancient Egyptians and Babylonians made their own estimates of pi's value, and Archimedes famously used a clever geometric argument to place the value of pi between 22/7 and 223/71.
While both of those fractions come close to representing the actual value of pi, we're always coming up with better ways to express pi's value. Recent attempts tend to rely not on geometry but on mysterious formulas like the one often taught in first-year calculus:
Mathematical formula
And this is just one of many “infinite series” representations for pi.
The Indian mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan — you may know him from the 1991 book and 2015 movie “The Man Who Knew Infinity” — owes his fame, in part, to his pursuit of elaborate formulas for the reciprocal of pi, or “one over pi” in the common parlance. Ramanujan's formulas reveal mysterious connections between pi and patterns in prime numbers — whole numbers like 2, 3, 5, and 7 that are divisible only by themselves and one.
Going to extremes
Fascinating as they are in their own right, formulas like Ramanujan's provide the starting point for the “extreme computing” efforts to calculate pi we've all read about in recent years. In 2016, computer whiz Peter Trueb made headlines when he used an ingenious computational configuration to calculate pi to mind-blowing 22,459,157,718,361 decimal points.
While some people use computers to calculate ever-more-accurate values for pi, others memorize pi to thousands of digits and then recite them aloud in a public setting — as if reciting a sonnet for robots. The current Guiness Book world record holder here is Rajveer Meena from India, who in 2015 recited 70,000 digits of pi before stopping.
So while we differ in the ways we think about pi and work with pi, we can all come together today to celebrate the seductive powers it has over our minds. So on this March 14, take a moment to contemplate this remarkable constant — maybe over a slice of pie. Here in Dartmouth's math department, we'll have a nice selection — and we'll start at precisely at 1:59 and 26 seconds.
Just for good measure.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
BRUSSELS/LONDON: NATO's European allies and Canada increased defense spending by 3.8 percent last year, or $10 billion more than 2015, the alliance said on Tuesday, and said Britain was keeping up with its target after a report said London missed its goal.
Russia's annexation of Crimea has given the alliance new momentum after years of cuts, but differences remain about the pace of investment. The International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS), a security think tank, said only Greece and Estonia met a target to spend 2 percent of economic output on defense.
A NATO official told Reuters that five allies, including Britain, met or exceeded NATO's benchmark in 2016. NATO is expected to release its full 2016 figures next month.
Europe's low expenditure has long been a sore point for the US, which puts up 70 percent of alliance funds, and US President Donald Trump has made change a priority, saying allies have “been very unfair to us” for not spending more.
NATO will tell new US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Wednesday in Brussels that Europe is responding.
“We are making a significant step forward but we have a long way to go ... it is not enough,” NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg told a news conference, saying Trump raised the issue in the two phone calls the two men have held.
However, Russia's 2014 annexation in Ukraine and the rise of militancy — not US pressure — led to last year's increase in European spending, NATO diplomats and analysts said.
Stoltenberg said the Baltic states of Latvia and Lithuania, who fear a repeat of Crimea, were on course to meet the 2 percent goal, while Romania was also heading toward that level. Germany is increasing spending by $2.13 billion in this year's budget.
However, IISS's study said Britain's level fell slightly to 1.98 percent in 2016 as the economy grew faster than defense outlay. Poland also slipped, it said.
Britain said the IISS figures were incorrect as the think tank presented its figures in US dollars and so had been impacted by exchange rate fluctuations.
“NATO's own figures clearly show that the UK spends over 2 percent of its GDP on defense,” a spokesman for the Ministry of Defense said in a statement.
“Our defense budget is the biggest in Europe, the second largest in NATO, and it is growing each year as we invest 178 billion pounds ($221.88 billion) in new equipment.”
In 2015, only Greece, Estonia, Poland and Britain hit the 2 percent NATO target. British Prime Minister Theresa May, who discussed the issue with Trump last month, has warned EU leaders to raise their defense spending.
Stoltenberg acknowledged difficulties. “The picture is still mixed, some allies are still really struggling,” he said when asked about budget constraints in Italy, which is trying to reduce its budget deficit following the euro zone crisis.
MINNEAPOLIS — Everyone is trying to figure out how to dethrone the mighty Patriots and derail their dynasty. Many have theories about how to do it. But of course, there is no singular textbook answer.
In advance of Sunday's Super Bowl LII showdown between the Patriots and Eagles at U.S. Bank Stadium, The Post spoke to four NFL coaches (two active, two not) who have coached against Bill Belichick and have intimate knowledge of how the New England coach operates.
All four had some common-denominator strategies, and in some areas, they differed. No surprise is that all four were insistent on finding a way to pressure Tom Brady.
“The first thing is if you allow Tom Brady to come up [to] the line of scrimmage and get pre-snap information, then you're dead,” Coach No. 1 said. “The second thing is if you're going to give him a little hitch pass, he'll take 8 yards. He doesn't need to throw it down the field to feel good. He doesn't need to feed the ball to [Rob Gronkowski] to stroke his ego. If you're giving him something, he's going to take it.
“The other great thing they do is once they hit you on something, a lot of times they'll go into the hurry-up and run a few more plays just like it before you have a chance to breathe. You want to have the ability on defense to be able to change a play quickly, so if you get hit and they go right back up to the line of scrimmage, you have something to default to. Philly sometimes can screw it up when it's going quick, which New England can definitely do.
“And then, you have to have a second pitch for the second half. Maybe that seems too hard or that you're overthinking it, but you aren't because they're going to figure out what type of game you're playing. If you allow them to have pre-snap information, you've got no shot.”
Coach No. 2 said the most critical element to beating the Patriots is not panicking and straying from what you do best.
“Most teams lose the game before New England tries to win the game because they put so much pressure on themselves to score,” he said. “Most teams take chances and they'll make mistakes. If you make mistakes against that team, they seem to always capitalize. They do against everybody.
“I think the Eagles have a good chance if [quarterback Nick] Foles doesn't press and [head coach Doug] Pederson doesn't press his guys. It's OK to run the ball. If you start panicking, you're in trouble.
“The Patriots are patient. When I see Belichick playing the field-position game, I know he's waiting for you to make a mistake. The thing they always have in their back pocket if they fall behind is they have Brady, and they can always come back. They don't need to force it.
“I always think teams should think, ‘Let's get this game to the fourth quarter.' Then it's all going to be situational football and you've got a shot. Don't lose the game in the first half.”
Coach No. 3 spoke of a different way of attacking the New England defense than Coach No. 2.
“Offensively, I'm going into the game thinking, ‘I have to score points, so I'm calling the game that way and we're going to let it all go,' ” he said. “I'll be probably a little more aggressive than I normally would be. Then the first thing you have to talk to your team about is executing perfectly in the game because that's what the Patriots do. They don't make mistakes.
“From a defensive standpoint, you've got to somehow, some way put pressure on Brady. If he has free reign and isn't pressured … They. Will. Win. If you can do it with four guys, great. I think with Philadelphia, like Jacksonville, they have a chance to do it. I think they have a chance to do it with four guys — they're that good.”
Coach No. 4 emphasized beating the Patriots at their own game — in situational football.
“They're going to take their shots on offense on first and second down,” he said. “But they spend a ton of time on their situational play, like third down, red zone, and Brady runs the show. I don't care what they get from the 20 to the 20. All I know is when they get into the red zone, we've got to stop them. We're going to try to keep them under 20 to 23 points.
“It's a constant chess match during the course of the game. The Rex Ryans of the world have given them some trouble because they show things and blitz and do all that stuff and Brady doesn't know what's happening. So you've got to really go outside the box. But that's hit or miss. And if you miss, it's over.”
Here's something you may not know about Jennifer Garner; she is a mother hen. Yup, Jenn has pet chickens! (People handle divorce in weird ways) and for her chickens birthday, she celebrated by making them a cake and then posting a picture to Instagram! “They grow up so quickly,” she said in the caption, referring to her 1-year-old chicks.
So what's in this “cake”? Bugs, fruit, spinach and … bugs. Lots of bugs.
So is Jimmy Butler the disgruntled star who could lead to the next chapter of Miami Heat basketball?
It's a fair question to ponder after a report Tuesday from the Chicago Sun-Times that the 28-year-old All-Star swingman has no intentions of signing a contract extension with Minnesota next summer because he is all but fed up with the nonchalant attitude of his younger teammates specifically Karl-Anthony Towns.
The report goes on to say Butler is trying to figure out a way to play with former Team USA Basketball teammate Kyrie Irving, who is also set to become a free agent next summer, and the two could be looking for a destination to build an elite backcourt in Celtics green or elsewhere in the Eastern Conference together.
Tuesday's report is the kind of scintillating stuff that has Heat fans (and those from other teams in the conference chasing Boston and Philadelphia) already dreaming up scenarios of how to get back into the championship mix. So, how could Pat Riley pull this one off?
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
With $118 million tied into nine players already for next summer, Miami's best shot at putting this dream scenario together is trading for Butler and then creating the cap space to attract Irving, 26, in the summer (good luck with the last part).
Trading for Butler would start with outbidding other teams with an attractive enough package for Timberwolves coach Tom Thibodeau and general manager Scott Layden to consider pulling off the switch. Thibodeau, who coached Butler in Chicago, would first have to be convinced there's no way Butler, whom they just traded for last summer, can find a way to repair his relationship with Towns, a budding young star who himself is about to receive a big pay day and isn't expected to be shipped out of town.
Minnesota, which finished eighth in the Western Conference and was bounced by Houston in the first round, have forward Andrew Wiggins signed long term, point guard Jeff Teague due $19 million each of the next two seasons and big man Gorgui Dieng (due between $15-$17 million next three seasons) signed through 2021.
If Butler really wants out, the T'Wolves might prefer replace him with a defensive-minded similarly skilled swing man. Josh Richardson (due $9.3 million in 2018-19) would fit that need, but the Heat would have to find a way to come close to matching Butler's salary ($20.4 million) for this season. Including Dion Waiters ($11.5 million) or Kelly Olynyk ($11.1 million) in the deal would do the trick.
ELLINGTON WATCH CONTINUES
The Heat remains interested in bringing Wayne Ellington back, but also conscious of keeping itself in the best position possible to avoid an expensive luxury tax-bill at season's end.
And after three days of free agency spending across the league, the leverage in the negotiation process between Ellington and the team he would like to play for continues to swing in the Heat's favor.
Coming off a regular season in which he set a franchise record for three-pointers, Ellington was understandably looking to earn the most lucrative contract of his career and find a way to stay in Miami long term after bouncing around the league with six other teams prior to the Heat.
But the 30-year-old former North Carolina guard has fewer suitors than he did at midnight Sunday when free agency began because contending teams looking for shooters (Indiana, Philadelphia) and those on the rise (Lakers, Mavericks, Suns) have already spent their big money elsewhere. The only remaining teams with significant cap space are non-contenders like the Chicago Bulls ($23 million), Atlanta Hawks ($21 million) and Sacramento Kings ($18 million).
Ellington, who made $6.3 million last season, is basically down to three options: take the Heat's offer (which has to be less than he was hoping for), sign with a non-contender with cap room (the Bulls, Hawks and Kings are most likely holding onto cap space to take on bad contracts from other teams in exchange for draft picks) or take exception money from a team that lacks cap space, but may have a role and need for him.
The most the Heat could offer Ellington is a deal starting at $10.9 million next season. Other shooters who have agreed to deal include Doug McDermott (3 years, $22 million with Indiana), Joe Harris (2 years, $16 million with Brooklyn), Marco Belinelli (two years, $16 million with San Antonio) and JJ Redick (one year, between $12-13 million).
Something else to consider: Ellington struggled in the playoffs. He shot 40 percent from three-point range (12 of 30), but was a non-factor in the five-game series against Philadelphia.
The Heat, though, was 20-8 in the regular season when Ellington made four or more three-pointers in a game and coach Erik Spoelstra built Miami's dribble hand-off game around him.
Image copyright Google/Church of England Image caption The Very Reverend Martin Thrower, rector of Hadleigh, Layham and Shelley, has now admitted two charges of voyeurism
A clergyman who held his mobile phone over the top of a public toilet cubicle and filmed a 17-year-old boy has admitted voyeurism.
The Very Reverend Martin Thrower, 56, had denied two charges of voyeurism, but changed his pleas to guilty after the first witness gave evidence.
Norwich Crown Court heard Thrower was arrested at a shopping centre in Ipswich in August.
Judge Katharine Moore adjourned the case for reports.
Thrower will be sentenced on 3 August.
Image copyright PA Image caption At interview, Martin Thrower said he had been taking such footage "for a couple of years since 2014"
The court was told the boy heard a noise above him while on the toilet at the Buttermarket shopping centre.
The teenager looked up and could see someone's hand holding a mobile phone.
William Carter, prosecuting, said: "He [the 17-year-old] reacted by getting up smartly and grabbing the phone. Unsurprisingly, he was pretty shocked and upset by what had happened."
'Weird kind of desire'
He said the teenager took the phone to a security officer who detained Thrower until police arrived and arrested him.
Mr Carter said police found three further videos recorded that day, 4 August 2016. including two of other men who had not noticed they were being filmed.
Thrower, of Church Street, Hadleigh, Suffolk, is rector of Hadleigh, Layham and Shelley.
Officers seized computer equipment from his home and found 589 still images of "hundreds of different men", Mr Carter said.
At interview, Thrower said he had been taking such footage "for a couple of years" at places including supermarkets and service stations.
Thrower, who is on bail, is suspended from all roles by the Diocese of St Edmundsbury in Ipswich.
The church has launched a disciplinary process against him which could conclude with him being removed from office and banned from all clergy roles.
In this photo taken on Friday, May 31, 2013, Arkady Babchenko, 41, who had been scathingly critical of the Kremlin in recent years, stands at a police bus during an opposition rally in Moscow, Russia. Police in the capital of Ukraine say a Russian journalist has been shot and killed at his Kiev apartment. Ukrainian police said Arkady Babchenko's wife found him bleeding at the apartment on Tuesday, May 29, 2018 and called an ambulance, but Babchenko died on the way to a hospital. Alexander Baroshin AP Photo
NORMAL, Ill. — Milik Yarbrough, Phil Fayne and Matt Hein scored 13 points apiece and Illinois State held on to beat Evansville 75-71 on Saturday.
The Redbirds (13-11, 7-5 Missouri Valley Conference) led by one at the break but Evansville went ahead 43-41 on a Ryan Taylor 3 early in the second half. Illinois State answered with an 11-2 run capped by a Fayne dunk to reclaim the lead, 52-45, with 10:38 to play. The Purple Aces (15-10, 5-7) cut it to 59-56 with 6:11 left but a Madison Williams 3-pointer and a 3-point play by Fayne in the final three minutes helped keep the Redbirds on top.
Fayne led Illinois State with 10 rebounds and Yarbrough had seven rebounds and five assists.
Taylor carried the Purple Aces, scoring 32 points with six rebounds. Dainius Chatkevicius led with 14 rebounds in addition to his eight points. The Evansville loss snaps a three-game win streak.
By Abby Hassler
After debuting his latest studio album Friday, Kendrick Lamar took the Coachella stage Sunday night (April 16) for a headlining set.
Related: LeBron James Jams Out to Kendrick Lamar's New Album
The rapper's show included some of his new tracks, including “DNA,” “ELEMENT,” “LUST,” “XXX,” “HUMBLE” and “GOD.”
During the concert, Travis Scott joined Lamar on stage to perform “goosebumps,” the collaboration from Birds in the trap Sing McKnight. After, Schoolboy Q showed up to perform “That Part,” while Future served as Lamar's hype man during “Mask Off.”
Check out a clip of the performance below:
North Korea remained defiant about its nuclear weapons program amid increasing tensions with the U.S. and South Korea and again warned that any military action by the U.S. will lead to war. “We'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis,” Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol told the BBC in an interview. The comment comes on the heels of a failed North Korean missile launch that coincided with a visit to South Korea by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence. Separately, the North Korean ambassador to the United Nations, Kim In Ryong, held a press conference on Monday to reiterate that his country is ready to engage in a war “desired by the U.S.” and will take “toughest counteraction against provocations.”
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.
Later Monday, Kogan told NBC's "Today" Show that many current third-party Facebook apps have language in "direct contradiction" to Facebook's policy.
"It's a bit like if you work in a building, and everybody brings in a dog, and you bring in your dog and it pees somewhere. And they come to you and they're like, 'Hey, how could you bring in your dog? We have a clear no-dog policy.' And you're just looking around, saying, 'What about all the other dogs?'" he said.
He also said Facebook's policy is presented to developers in a similar manner to how its terms of service are presented to users: "hard to find, easy to miss."
Still, Kogan conceded he had violated the policy.
"At the time, we didn't think we were doing anything wrong," he said. "That was just the normal business as usual practice. I think right now, absolutely it's viewed as wrong, now that we know how people feel about it."
In a statement, Facebook said Kogan first approached the company in 2013 to do research using anonymized, aggregated data, and then had a consulting contract with them in October 2015.
"At no point during these two years was Facebook aware of Kogan's activities with Cambridge Analytica," said Ime Archibong, vice president of product partnerships, in the statement. "It was not until December 2015 that we first learned Kogan had broken Facebook's terms of service by selling to Cambridge Analytica Facebook information collected via an app he built. We quickly shut down his app, demanded he delete all the information (which he confirmed in a signed statement he had) and ended any research work with him. In hindsight, we should have followed up to confirm he had deleted the information, as well as notified the people impacted — both of which are now happening."
Facebook also cited multiple lines from the platform policy in effect during the summer of 2014, when Kogan's app was active, that he violated — including "Don't sell, license, or purchase any data obtained from us or our services."
Kogan, who will be questioned by U.K. parliament this week, first broke his silence about the controversy on Sunday, telling CBS's "60 Minutes" that Facebook had unfairly singled him out.
On Monday, he warned Silicon Valley's entire business model — "grab as much data as we can and use it for whatever purpose that we want because that's the way we sell ads" — was problematic.
"I think they have a really big challenge ahead of themselves," he told MSNBC.
Billionaire hedge funder Steve Cohen wants to make life easier for cash-strapped freelancers.
Point72 Ventures, the venture capital arm of Cohen's Point72 Asset Management, led a $3 million financing round for Extend, a mobile app that lets businesses share temporary access to their corporate credit cards with freelancers.
The idea is to sidestep “the challenges of reimbursement” and “awkward situations” where freelancers and other contractors have to front costs, Matthew Granade of Point72 told The Post.
“It's the equivalent of doing a purchase order,” he added.
The app works by using a corporate Mastercard or Visa to generate a virtual credit card that carries a different number, expiration date, and CVV code. The numbers can be set to expire after a certain time or after a certain spending limit is reached.
For online purchases, a freelancer can simply enter in the temporary numbers. For in-store purchases, Extend creates a barcode that can be used like Apple Pay. Merchants also can key in the data from the virtual card displayed on the freelancer's phone.
Extend hopes to “minimize misuse and the lengthy reimbursement process” while letting companies reap the card loyalty points, Extend chief executive Andrew Jamison told The Post.
So far “there's no easy way to distribute money to individuals to get a production together,” Jamison added.
Point72 Ventures' investment in Extend comes on the heels of two other plays in the fintech space. Earlier this month it invested in Say, an platform that aims to give a greater voice to shareholders; and Imperative Execution, a dark-pool trading platform.
The two-year old venture capital firm invests money from Cohen's personal fortune as well as that of Point72 employees.
Cohen's Point72 Asset Management recently began managing outside money following a two-year ban by the Securities and Exchange Commission, which accused Cohen in 2016 of failing to supervise traders convicted of insider trading at his previous firm SAC Capital.
File picture: The Dundas Bridge, which goes over the north branch of the Sydenham River, will be closed from Aug. 16 to Sept. 6 due to reconstruction of the bridge.
All lanes of the bridge will be closed to vehicle and pedestrian traffic on bridge for the duration of the project.
Romiel Daniel was used to leading prayers long before he became a rabbi.
Growing up in the small, tight-knit Jewish community of Mumbai, Daniel was taught Hebrew and the tenants of the faith. While he was not officially ordained, he regularly leads prayers and assisted at his local synagogue, where several members of his family acted as community leaders, he recalled.
That knowledge came in handy in 1994, when Daniel and his wife Noreen moved to New York after living in the island nation of Mauritius for several years. The family soon joined the Rego Park Jewish Center in the borough of Queens and noticed the style of worship was quite different from the traditions they grew up with.
Rabbi Romiel Daniel and his wife Noreen during Hanukkah celebrations last year. Courtesy Romiel Daniel
As members of India's Bene Israel community — one of India's oldest Jewish communities — the Daniels were accustomed to conducting their prayers in a way that has been passed down for hundreds of years.
“When I came here, that was an Ashkenazi synagogue,” Daniel said. “The melodies are sung in a very different way. But the Torah is the same, that hasn't changed at all.”
Daniel, who has two degrees in chemistry, decided to attend Yeshiva University in 1999 to become a cantor. He completed his studies in 2003.
“I became an Ashkenazi cantor,” Daniel said, laughing.
He became the rabbi at his synagogue in 2007 and has incorporated some Bene Israel traditions into his services for his congregation, who are largely of European descent. While Daniel said the Indian Jewish population in the United States number just a few hundred, he regularly conducts services for the about 100 members of the community who live in New York and New Jersey.
“We follow the same practices that we had in India. They are identical to the way we did back home in Bombay. If we did a change, they'd probably kill me.” “We follow the same practices that we had in India. They are identical to the way we did back home in Bombay. If we did a change, they'd probably kill me.”
“We follow the same practices that we had in India. They are identical to the way we did back home in Bombay,” he explained, referring to the city now known as Mumbai. “If we did a change, they'd probably kill me.”
Those traditions can be seen in the way the Indian Jewish community is planning to celebrate Hanukkah.
Instead of lighting a candle to mark the first night of the festival of lights, Daniel plans to light a small cup of oil inside a menorah that he and his wife brought from India. This year, the community will be commemorating the last night of the holiday at the Indian consulate in New York.
In addition to serving sweets like halva (a dessert made from semolina flour and coconut milk) there are “dishes that were made exactly like we do in India.” One of those is the wine traditionally served during holidays.
During Hanukkah, Indian Jews traditionally light an oil lamp instead of a candle. Courtesy of Romiel Daniel
“There was prohibition in India for so many years, that in India we wouldn't have wine,” Daniel said. “We would take dried raisins boiled in hot water and squeeze them and we'd make grape juice. And that's the wine. And that's a practice that we still do here.”
Creating a blended identity
For many members of the Indian Jewish community, moving to the United States has also meant creating a place in two spaces — the South Asian diaspora and the Jewish community — that may not be familiar with Judaism's long history in India.
Siona Benjamin Studio Sami
“People would say things like, ‘A Jew from India? How is that possible?” artist Siona Benjamin recalled of the conversations she would have after moving to New York for graduate school in the 1980s. “But Judaism, Christianity, and Islam started in our part of the world. I would constantly remind people that.”
Despite those reminders, Benjamin has had to field the questions many immigrants often face about their traditions and cuisine. “They would ask, ‘did you grow up with matzoh ball soup?' No, I didn't. We had rice and halva and things like that,” she said.
“They would ask, ‘did you grow up with matzoh ball soup?' No, I didn't. We had rice and halva and things like that.” “They would ask, ‘did you grow up with matzoh ball soup?' No, I didn't. We had rice and halva and things like that.”
A visual artist, Benjamin said her work changed dramatically after she realized her faith was central to her identity.
Benjamin's grandmother lived across the street from the Magen Hassidim Synagogue in Mumbai and the artist recalled frequently going to the temple for festivals and holidays. When she received the first of two Fulbright scholarships, she decided to begin documenting the lives of Jews in India.
Through her project “Faces: Weaving Indian Jewish Narratives,” Benjamin set out to tell the story of the Bene Israel. “I photographed them and how they preserved the history of the community,” she said. “They were portrait photographs and then I made 3-D prints out of them.”
The completed project was exhibited in Mumbai's Prince of Wales Museum in 2013. “All the community came back just to see what I had done,” Benjamin said.
Siona Benjamin's painting "Finding Home." "This older painting was done in reference to the Magen Hassidim synagogue I went to as a child," she said. Siona Benjamin
After receiving a second Fulbright, Benjamin traveled to Israel earlier this year to document the stories of the Indian community there. “I photographed the diaspora and how they preserve the history of the community,” she explained. “A lot of my family, they immigrated to Israel.”
Like many immigrants with roots around the world, Benjamin and other members of the community sometimes struggle to define where they are from. For Benjamin, the question reflects the history of her community.
“I do feel a deep connection to Israel. I do feel the same way of ‘where do I belong?” Benjamin said. “Am I Indian? Is America my home? Is Israel? Home is everywhere and nowhere.”
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Tumblr.
Sometime next month, I'll write an entry in my logbook signifying that I've spent 15,000 hours flying airplanes. This strikes me as a momentous, but arbitrary number. Most people don't keep a detailed log of their work hours, nor do they break those hours down into neat categories. Within my 15,000, I've spent just shy of 13,000 hours in multiengine aircraft—just over 4,000 hours in turboprops and about 9,000 hours in jet aircraft. I've made nearly 7,000 landings (some soft, and some, shall we say, firm).
15,000 sounds like a big number. When you cipher it out, that's 1.71 years flying airplanes. When I reflect that each flight hour is accompanied by several hours of planning, pre- and post-flight inspections, van rides to and from airports, and, of course, many hours in hotel rooms, I'm sobered by the total. I get to do what I love but, in the process, have spent many hours away from the ones I love, my wife and kids.
What does it amount to, all this time? Does doing anything for 15,000 hours make you better, faster, stronger? Malcolm Gladwell, in his book Outliers, proposes that 10,000 hours of “deliberate practice” are required to become “world class” in any field. He profiles successful people who have reached the apex of their professions. Gladwell says that the Beatles, for example, were talented and lucky, but also, they practiced like crazy and spent more than the requisite 10,000 hours playing gigs before they hit it big. Lest you think I'm trying to cleverly include myself in this cohort, I'll concede that the only thing I have in common with the Fab Four is that I have the same handsome nose as Ringo.
Some have criticized Gladwell's theory. They cite studies showing that natural talent trumps practice and experience for predicting success. Gladwell admits, “Practice isn't a sufficient condition for success. I could play chess for 100 years and I'll never be a grandmaster. The point is simply that natural ability requires a huge investment of time in order to be made manifest.”
I'm with Gladwell. Native talent may be necessary for the loftier levels of success, but it's not sufficient. Genetic predisposition was probably required for the phenomenon called Michael Jordan, but that, alone, wasn't enough to make a superstar. Jordan had to take what he was given and work like mad to capitalize on it.
I was a flight instructor before becoming an airline pilot. I trained about 40 students in all. Included in that number were a smattering of naturally gifted pilots, a handful who lacked any “natural talent,” and the rest who fell in the middle of that continuum. Also, when I consider my former students, I find a few who worked their butts off every day, some who couldn't be persuaded to put forth any effort, and the majority who, again, fell in the middle.
So, were the naturally talented folks also the hard workers? I never found such a relationship. When the two phenomena inhabited the same person, that person was unstoppable. But when a talented person refused to put forth the effort, he often failed. The inverse wasn't necessarily true. Sometimes hard work and practice overcome a lack of inborn talent.
I'll give you an example. My student, Mark, was assigned to me soon after I became an instructor. He was a hard worker. He came to the lessons well prepared and with his assigned reading completed. He had a deft touch on the yoke and didn't struggle with the basics of aircraft control. He had an intuitive understanding of the relationship between thrust, drag, lift and weight. He sped through the syllabus in minimum hours. When it came time to let him solo, I had no reservations. Mark is now a pilot for a major airline, and I feel confident that he's a good one. How could he not be?
Simultaneous with Mark's enrollment, I was assigned a student named Linda. Linda was smart. She was, in fact, a mechanical engineer by trade when she decided to become a pilot. She was organized, thorough and hardworking. As an engineer, she understood the physical forces and vectors involved in flight. What she didn't have was “natural talent.” I think it was puzzling and demoralizing to her. She could explain it all, but couldn't make it happen. She struggled with each maneuver. She did landings over and over, but she simply didn't have that “seat of the pants” feeling. She couldn't tell when she got too slow. She couldn't tell when she was too fast. She flared too early. She flared too late. And she got frustrated. And I got frustrated. I did my best to cheer her up and keep her motivated. And Linda didn't give up. She persevered. She's now a pilot for a regional airline like mine, and I'm confident that she's a good one.
Finally, there was Alan. Alan came from an “airplane family.” His dad was a captain for American, his mom was a flight attendant for U.S. Airways, his brother was a first officer at United, and his grandpa was Chuck Yeager—probably. He came in with a lot of hubris, a sense of entitlement, and I must admit, a great deal of natural talent. Alan could fly “straight and level” in a remarkably short time. He could land the plane in a remarkably short time. And he ticked me off in a remarkably short time.
Alan, talented and smart as I think he was, couldn't be persuaded to study. He wanted to fly airplanes, not learn Bernoulli's principle or FARs. Apparently, he didn't learn them. He failed his first checkride before he ever set foot in the plane and made me look bad in the process. The check airman told me that Alan couldn't explain basic VFR cloud clearance requirements. I can assure you that he was never put up for another checkride without a torturous grilling the night before. Alan went on to finish his private and then dropped out of the program. If he went on to the airlines, I never heard about it.
Talent is a great thing, if you have it, but hard work is necessary, and it gives the rest of us a fighting chance.
What about experience, the 15,000 hours? Talented or inept, hard worker or slacker, am I a better pilot now than I was at 100 hours, or 1,000? The answer is clearly, yes. Experience makes you better. It gives you a baseline for what normal is. After 7,000 landings, I've seen what too low looks like, and I've seen what too high looks like. Do I still make hard landings? Yes, but fewer of them. After listening to my little regional jet hum and buzz and whir for 9,000 hours, I have a pretty good sense of what sounds right. I know what problems are serious, and I know what problems are merely inconvenient. I'm better at setting priorities now that I've set the wrong priorities and dealt with the consequences. After flying in the clouds for many years, I can usually discriminate between a benign puffball and an angry towering cumulus. Do I always judge correctly? No, but I do so more often than I used to.
Oscar Wilde said, “Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.” I say that experience makes you better because it gives you a catalog of mistakes to avoid in the future. How do you get to Carnegie Hall? Practice, practice, practice. Only by hitting a lot of sour notes do we learn to play the sweet ones.
A question I've been unable to answer is this: Are some types of experience better than others? Do hours spend in a modern airliner with a competent first officer at your side hone your flying skills like flying sorties over Iraq in an F-16? Does landing a Twin Otter on a gravel bar in Alaska make you a better pilot than practicing stalls in a Cherokee over the Florida Everglades? It's hard to say. Are hours in the logbook just hours in the logbook? We all know, intuitively, that they're not.
My 15,000 hours shuttling passengers between Dayton and Dulles is one kind of experience. Perhaps those hours haven't had the impact of Lindbergh's 33 over the Atlantic or Sully's four minutes over New York City. But when I wake up my RJ on a crisp fall morning at O'Hare, and my smiling flight attendant offers me a hot cup of coffee, and a little girl on her way to grandma's house in Des Moines sticks her head in the cockpit to give me a crayon drawing of me and my plane (with an extra arm and an extra wing?), I'm content. That's the kind of experience that goes a long way in anybody's logbook.
Dustin Joy is a Captain for a U.S. regional airline and a former flight instructor. He lives in western Illinois with his wife and three kids where he enjoys fishing, gardening, and beekeeping, none of which he's very good at.
Bury Foxes kept up the pressure on Women's National Challenge East 1 leaders Harwich & Dovercourt with their sixth straight league win, a 15-12 success at Southwold Ladies.
An epic match saw Bury just come out on top in what was the side's ninth win in a row in all competitions and which gave them a league record of six wins from seven matches to sit two points adrift of the leaders.
Sinead Collins managed to select a great running line to complete a fine passing move and nudge the Foxes in front.
But it evoked a positive and aggressive response from the hosts, who forced mistakes and defended valiantly to ensure there was no further score in the first half.
The visitors did break through again soon after the resumption of play though, with Jaz Clark crossing the line.
But against a dogged side this game never looked over and a 10-0 lead was pulled back to 10-5 and Southwold soon took possession of a wayward Bury kick to eventually work the ball in for a second score, which was converted, putting them into a 12-10 lead.
A refusal to accept defeat saw the Foxes regain the lead, and claim the victory, via Georgie Palmer's successful determination to wriggle her way over the line.
• Bury St Edmunds Under-16s broke Diss' unbeaten run with a 17-5 success at the Greene King IPA Haberden.
Bury's first points came from some impressive ball passing coming to rest in Jordan Dunkerley's secure hands, while Cameron Branagh placed down the second, this time converted by Jack Bowyer.
Diss soon broke through Bury's defence, only for Harvey Williams' persistence seeing him take the Diss player over the dead ball line.
The visitors finally pulled a try back before the break but the second half saw Bury, now with the wind in their favour, seal the victory via man-of-the-match Mikey Watson's strong run.
Get ready for one of the greatest wealth transfers in history Baby boomers, the richest generation in history, are aging and preparing to pass down a record-breaking amount of assets. It has been estimated that millennials stand to inherit $30 trillion...
Confused about fashion? Here's the skinny on 'millennial pink' Fashion goes right over baby boomer Mark's head. Luckily, millennial Alyssa is teaching this single dad about one of today's biggest trends with the young'uns: millennial pink. From fashion week...
Uncle Sam must rein in retirement benefits or we're headed for economic disaster The American polity recently tore itself apart debating the morality of adding $1.5 trillion in tax cuts to the national debt. Yet the $82 trillion avalanche of Social Security and...
This regular guy learns the modern way to watch movie trailers This installment of “Pop Culture Crash Course” teaches out-of-touch folks all about the new comedy “Game Night,” and where to find the movie trailer without flipping on the TV. Mark...
Baby boomers can now live in floating retirement homes A New York startup is hoping baby boomers will want to retire someplace with an ocean view — like of every ocean. Storylines this month has started selling 302 cabins...
Why every company is looking for 'ninjas' and 'rockstars' These job titles sound a lot more exciting than they actually are. Companies are attempting to recruit prospective employees by jazzing up otherwise ordinary positions in industries like tech, sales...
Gift giving gets more difficult with age Struggling with the holiday shopping this year? The bad news is that knowing what to buy gets harder with age. A study of the gift-giving abilities of 2,000 Americans found...
The happiest millennials are living overseas For a lot of young people, things seem to be looking up. Or so they say. In countries including Australia, Germany, Ghana, Peru, South Africa, Sweden and the US, young...
In this Monday, June 19, 2017, photo, a person types on a laptop keyboard, in North Andover, Mass. The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile. So finds an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers, released Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. Elise Amendola AP Photo
Video
Ukraine staged the murder of a Russian journalist in Kiev on Tuesday to 'foil a Russian assassination plot'.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Intense exercise can slow the progression of Parkinson's — enough so patients can notice the difference, researchers reported Monday.
It's the latest study to show that exercise benefits patients with Parkinson's, and in this case, shows that patients shouldn't be shy about pushing themselves and getting sweaty.
In fact, the harder they pushed, the better they did, the team reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association's JAMA Neurology.
"We gave them a proper workout," said Daniel Corcos, a professor of physical therapy at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, who helped lead the study.
"If you have Parkinson's disease and you want to delay the progression of your symptoms, you should exercise three times a week with your heart rate between 80 to 85 percent maximum. It is that simple.”
Related: Pineapple Pesticide Linked With Parkinson's
It's clear that exercise is good for Parkinson's patients, said Dr. Lisa Shulman, who does her own experiments on exercise and Parkinson's at the University of Maryland.
“The evidence is really very strong at this point. There is sufficient evidence now to warrant a general recommendation,” said Shulman, who was not involved in this study.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed How Patients Are Using Cycling to Slow Down Parkinson's autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Parkinson's symptoms include tremor, rigid muscles and problems with movement. While early treatment can delay the worst symptoms, people almost always get worse. About 60,000 Americans are diagnosed with Parkinson's disease each year and about a million Americans have Parkinson's now.
No medical therapy can cure Parkinson's and while exercise was always shown to help people feel better, it was not generally accepted as a true therapy until recently.
Now teams are trying to find out how much exercise helps and just which symptoms it affects. Doctors say they'd be thrilled just to slow the inevitable worsening of the disease and if they can freeze progression of reverse symptoms, that would be a home run.
Needs to be high intensity
Corcos and colleagues say the most intense exercise appears to have at least temporarily frozen symptoms in many of their volunteers.
"The earlier in the disease you intervene, the more likely it is you can prevent the progression of the disease," Corcos said in a statement.
"We delayed worsening of symptoms for six months,” he added. “Whether we can prevent progression any longer than six months will require further study."
Related: Walking Helps Parkinson's
They worked with 128 patients with early stage Parkinson's. They randomly assigned them to either moderate exercise four days a week, intense exercise four days a week, or no additional exercise.
It's important to randomly assign people, because it's possible people who voluntarily exercise more or harder also have different symptoms or less severe disease.
The vigorous exercise group were pushed on a treadmill, with the researchers increase speed and incline until the volunteers were at 80 to 85 percent of aerobic capacity, meaning they were breathing hard and probably sweating, also.
"This is not mild stretching. This is high intensity,” Corcos said.
The moderate group were pushed to 60 to 65 percent of capacity, which feels like exercise but doesn't get the heart pumping as hard.
Maximum heart rate is based on age and there's a formula for calculating exertion. “An estimate of a person's maximum age-related heart rate can be obtained by subtracting the person's age from 220,” the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says.
The maximum heart rate of a 50-year-old person is 170 beats per minute, so 80 percent of that is 136 beats per minute and 60 percent is 102 beats per minute.
Related: Gut germs affect Parkinson's
For some people, a brisk walk will get them to the 80 percent level, while others may need to be running or walking up a steep incline.
The team also assigned people to exercise four days a week with the hope they would actually do it three days a week, for six months. They did indeed get about three days of week of exercise in both groups.
To determine if patients got better or worse, the researchers used the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale. The volunteers were on average at about 20 on the scale, which measures 31 different areas of mood, activity levels and motor skills. Patients score from 0-4 on each and thus the most severe possible score is 124.
After six months, those in the high intensity group were still at about 20, on average. Those taking moderate exercise worsened very slightly — about 1.5 on average, which in any single person would not be noticeably worse. Those who did not exercise worsened by three points on average, which is enough for someone to notice, says Shulman.
Shulman did a similar experiment. She found that no matter how intense the exercise, almost all patients who exercised walked faster.
Related: Parkinson's patients dance away their symptoms
“This was counter to our hypothesis. We thought the higher-intensity group would improve the most,” she said.
Shulman and Corcos agree — exercise isn't just a feel-good thing that Parkinson's patients can do as a soft, complementary activity. It's actual medical treatment.
"We are stopping people from getting worse, which is significant, particularly if we catch them early in the disease," Corcos said.
“It's part of the idea that exercise is medicine."
GM Extends Summer Shutdown at Two Car Plants as Demand Falls
by Darryl Hood
General Motors is extending the normal two-week summer shutdown at two U.S. car factories because of slumping demand.
Union officials say the Lordstown, Ohio, plant near Cleveland and the Fairfax plant in Kansas City, Kansas, will close for as long as five weeks in June and July. The summer shutdown normally lasts two weeks.
Lordstown makes the Chevrolet Cruze compact while Fairfax builds the Chevrolet Malibu midsize car.
Cruze sales are up 36 percent due largely to fleet sales. Sales to individual buyers are down 3 percent. Malibu sales are down 30 percent through May.
Spokesman Jim Cain confirms that some car plants will see more down weeks but wouldn't give specifics. He says GM is adjusting as the market shifts from cars to trucks and SUVs.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Alexa owners creeped out as devices start randomly laughing Amazon customers are freaked out that the electronic personal assistant is randomly laughing - and have flooded the company with complaints.
Amazon working to make Alexa brighter and faster Amazon is hard at work on a new brain for its popular Alexa virtual assistant. The e-commerce giant is designing an artificial intelligence chip that will allow its line of...
Lots of people are turned on by virtual assistants Turn Alexa on, and you'll turn your date on, too. More than six in 10 singles (61 percent) say that they are turned on by a person who has an...
Mayor de Blasio declined to provide details Tuesday about the legal-defense fund he plans to set up amid state and federal investigations of his administration and fund-raising activities.
Asked at an unrelated press conference in Brooklyn how the fund would work and whether he'd impose donation limits, Hizzoner said the parameters have yet to be finalized.
“We'll have details when we have them. We don't have them yet,” de Blasio said.
De Blasio was also asked whether such a fund would open him up to criticism that he's relying on donations to pay for the legal defense of investigations into his prior fund-raising.
“It's the only way — it's a perfectly well-established mechanism — it's the only way to put together the resources to pay for something like this,” he said.
The mayor has committed to disclosing the donors to such a fund, which government watchdogs have warned could be on shaky ethical ground.
City taxpayers have chipped in as much as $11.6 million for the defense of mayoral aides who have been caught up in the probes, while the mayor's 2013 campaign committee has paid $283,000 to defend campaign workers.
ORLANDO, Fla. — How did this happen so quickly? How is it possible that, five tournaments into his comeback from a fourth back surgery, Tiger Woods has become so relevant...
SAN FRANCISCO — Attendees at this year's Vanity Fair Summit were given a preview of Steven Spielberg's new Cold War thriller, “Bridge of Spies,” starring Tom Hanks on Monday night...
I can recall multiple times where something I've taken for granted became a challenge. Simple things like sleeping or showering are made difficult .
You could say having poor vision is unfortunate but for me, and a large chunk of the population, it's a reality.
But guess what? I can see and do anything anyone can, thanks to corrective lenses.
Whether I'm waking up in the morning or going to sleep at night, the one thing that remains the same in my routine is my need to see.
I get up I put on glasses, I go to sleep I take off my glasses. Every morning and every night, it's the same thing. I take them off, I can't see, I put them on — perfect vision.
My eyes are bad and there's no way around it. It doesn't matter how much I wish that one day I wake up to perfect vision, it is will never happen.
Most of my life I've needed either glasses or contacts to be able to function on a day-to-day basis. Yes I hate having to wear them all the time but at the same time they're one of the things I'm most grateful for.
Without them I wouldn't be able to see what life offers. I'd be stuck wondering what everything truly is. Obviously they're not nearly as comfortable as wearing nothing, but I'll take the discomfort over not being able to see a TV that's four feet in front of me.
I've played sports that involve helmets my entire life and, unfortunately for me, they don't make helmets so that glasses can fit under them.
Enter contact lenses.
When I first started wearing contacts I hated them. Sticking my finger in my eye every day clearly caused discomfort but it ultimately allowed me to play sports without any setbacks.
From time to time I'll just be sitting and my vision will go blurry, evidently a result of one contact falling out. That may be one of the most annoying things that can happen. I have to hope I can find the contact and safely put it back in my eye or else I'll be stuck with great vision in one eye and horrible vision in the other.
When most people wake up they get up and get on with their day. For me the first thing I need to do is grab my glasses or find a mirror and insert my contacts. Having to rely on something like my glasses/contacts obviously sucks, but it's also amazing how a lens can make such an impact on someone's life.
With modern technology there are procedures that enable people who wear corrective lenses, to ultimately not wear them.
What an amazing time to be alive.
There are obviously risks, side effects and costs involved with it, but all in all it's a pretty good time to have bad eyes.
As much as I wish I were the guy with 20/20 vision, I can certainly say I love glasses and contacts. I'll continue to have this love/hate relationship with corrective lenses but I can safely say my life has been saved by one of the greatest creations in human history.
Sure, you could just buy a cutting board, but then you'd have to move the contents of that cutting board onto a scale to figure out how much of each ingredient you need in a meal or in a recipe. And sure, you could just buy a scale, but you'd be taking up more counter space for no real reason. But with the NutriScale Board, you can combine two appliances in one, solving for both form and function. The wide surface scale and board measures 13 by 9.75 inches, and can give you weight or volume measurements in grams, kilograms, ounces, pounds, and milliliters. You can weigh up to 11 pounds at one time, and easily convert from one metric to another.
If you're prepping meals for the week, efficiency is clearly already a priority. Now, you can take that efficiency to the next level with the NutriScale Board, a large surface kitchen scale that comes with two stackable cutting surfaces for cutting, weighing, and dispensing food. So if you're looking to exercise some portion control, speedy packing, and easy cleanup, this may just be the scale and cutting board combination you never even knew you needed.
The scale locks under the board easily for compact storage and simplified use, and you can easily transfer food from the cutting board into a container by way of the unique design. Plus, the board and scale combo comes with angled sides and a non-slip base for easy handling. The NutriScale Board also comes with an optional second cutting surface, just in case you need a little more room to work.
The cutting boards themselves are dishwasher-safe, and the entire unit promises to be safe for your food and free from BPA.
The product comes from the Kitchen Innovations team, which has quite the history of kitchen tool and gadget development, with a particular focus on appliances that will save time and promote healthy eating choices. You can pre-order the multipurpose scale (or multipurpose cutting board) from Kickstarter today for $40, with an estimated shipment date of March 2018. Shipping costs are free for those in the U.S. and Canada.
Image copyright Joe Giddens/PA Image caption Cherise Lyons, 57, (right) denies causing death by dangerous driving
A driver knocked down and killed a 100-year-old woman in a supermarket car park after accidentally pressing the accelerator, a trial has heard.
Cherise Lyons, 57, said she "panicked a bit" before the van "flattened bollards" outside Asda in Shoeburyness, Essex, in November 2016.
Joan Roskilly suffered serious injuries and died on her way to hospital.
Ms Lyons admits causing her death by careless driving but denies causing death by dangerous driving.
Basildon Crown Court was told carer Ms Lyons, of Kingsmill Road, Dagenham, was driving her disabled client Reece Clarke to buy flowers, and "did not feel uncomfortable" in the automatic Renault Trafic.
Wheelchair user Mr Clarke was sitting in the back of the adapted vehicle he owned at the time.
The jury heard Ms Lyons had got out to check the fuel cap before getting back into the driver's side.
"As I turned back the car was rolling," she told the court. "Then I said 'the car's rolling' - and panicked a bit.
"I thought I was on the brake all the time but I obviously wasn't," she said. "I just wanted to stop the car."
Image copyright Google Image caption The incident happened in the car park of Asda in Shoeburyness, in November 2016
Ms Lyons said the van had gone through bollards but she steered it to avoid hitting the store.
Prosecutor Patrick Dennis said a police crash investigator concluded that when Ms Lyons got out of the vehicle "she must have left the engine running with the vehicle in gear".
"She's accidentally pressed the accelerator and that's overridden the handbrake and caused the vehicle to move forward and the bollards to be flattened," he said.
Mrs Roskilly, who was shopping with a friend, died while on her way to hospital after suffering leg and pelvis injuries.
The trial continues.
Whitney Wolfe Herd, founder and CEO of the dating app Bumble, which is headquartered in Austin, said her staff is 85 percent women, a rarity in the tech world. She said she wants to lead by example in the workplace.
"Misogyny is not sexy. Misogyny is not something that you want to be a part of," Herd said. "I think that the message we're trying to send is, let's all just respect one another and you can be a successful tech company with big revenue."
Bozoma Saint John, Uber's chief brand officer, at SXSW in Austin, Texas on March 12, 2018. Chiara Sottile / NBC News
On Twitter, there has been a 50 percent spike in the volume of conversation around women's issues over the past six months, according to Nola Weinstein, global head of culture and experiential at Twitter.
Twitter has been among the companies most widely criticized for allowing harassment to flourish on its platform.
"I think we're all a work in progress. People are being held accountable. There are those who have had enough," Weinstein said. "Time's up for many and I think the importance for change is being felt in a very real way at every rank of every industry around the world."
At a brunch that brought together female leaders visiting for the conference, Weinstein said she knows that what may seem like just a fun social gathering can lead to real change.
"I think one of the coolest things about those conversations is that they don't stay here," she said. "People meet here and those connections enable them to better their careers, to better their companies and in turn make an impact in the world."
Even buzzy new technologies like artificial intelligence were being looked at with skepticism.
“When we talk about tech and AI being infallible, we forget that humans are in the driver's seat” - great point by @terahlyons on bias and discrimination in AI and data #SXSW pic.twitter.com/00x6R9GF70 — Rep. Terri A. Sewell (@RepTerriSewell) March 10, 2018
Sarah Kunst, founder of Proday, a training fitness app, highlighted the need for venture capitalists to pay more attention to black female founders.
"Black women have only raised, like, .02 percent of all venture capital. So the average black woman who raises money for her startup raises $36,000. The average amount raised for a failed startup by a white man is something like $1.3 million," Kunst said. "[Black women] are graduating from college at an incredibly high rate. They're starting companies at incredibly high rates. The lack of funding is astounding."
London Mayor Sadiq Khan, who gave one of the conference's keynote speeches, preached gender equality and premiered a film promoting diversity in London's tech sector.
“My message to men here: we've got to be allies in this fight for gender equality,” Khan said. “If we get gender equality we'll all benefit. There is no downside. It's not a zero-sum game.”
Khan, who is Muslim and the first British politician to give a keynote at SXSW, also read aloud hateful and abusive tweets he has received on social media.
"I say kill the mayor of London and you'll be rid of one Muslim terrorist," said one tweet that Kahn read.
It's time to act on hate speech.
Watch, retweet and help #endthehate. #SXSW pic.twitter.com/s3dpav63ey — Mayor of London (@MayorofLondon) March 12, 2018
Khan used his keynote to call on big tech companies to do more to combat harassment and suggested that if they don't act, perhaps more countries will follow in Germany's footsteps and start issuing major fines on tech platforms that do not remove abusive content in a timely manner.
If tech companies do not take action, he told NBC News, there most likely will be "regulation that is quite draconian from politicians and policymakers, or you'll have consumers walking away from these platforms."
"I don't want either," he said. "That's why it's important that giant tech companies act responsibly and work with us to try and find solutions."
Technology platforms, including Facebook, Twitter and Google, have been under fire for the roles they played in helping amplify the voices of bots and trolls.
But those technology companies appear to have been late to wake up to the problems. Only in recent months have they begun rolling out new features and ideas to address the issues of bots, trolls and harassment. These are problems that Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has admitted he's not entirely sure how to fix.
Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., who built a career in tech before going into politics, had been one of the industry's biggest supporters. He's now one of its most vocal critics.
Ambulance bosses have drawn up plans to deal with an ‘inevitable' flu pandemic that could affect a third of all people – including children and usually fit young adults.
They lay bare the crippling impact an outbreak would have, and reveal how it would be impossible to stop the virus spreading rapidly – even if it starts outside the UK.
Half of all paramedics in the north west would likely contract the flu, with schools and nurseries advised to shut to reduce the spread of infection amongst pupils.
999 operators would be swamped by calls, including by the ‘worried well', while antiviral drugs could run out.
The disaster would last for up to five months - with the virus also likely to re-emerge.
However, the North West Ambulance Service (NWAS) has come up with contingency plans designed to help the NHS cope in the event of a deadly outbreak.
A spokesman said NHS England requires all ambulance services to have a plan in place, and said it would help bosses ‘best manage the demand, supplement the workforce in the event of high levels of sickness, and work with other healthcare partners to offer the best possible care to patients'.
Influenza pandemics have happened at irregular intervals throughout history, including three in the last century, the report said.
The outbreak in 1918, dubbed the Spanish flu, claimed 20 million lives worldwide, including 150,000 people in the UK.
Pandemics are unpredictable and can happen at any time of the year – not just in the winter. They happen when a new strain of the virus emerges, to which most people are susceptible.
Experts believe it would spread rapidly in the UK over the span of two to three weeks, before a second wave of illness six to nine months later.
In 2008, the body of Sir Mark Sykes, a diplomat, politician and landowner was exhumed by scientists who hoped it could help prevent another pandemic.
Sir Sykes died of Spanish Flu in France in 1919, aged 39. He was buried in a lead-lined coffin and virologists thought flu particles would remain intact as a result – giving them a valuable insight into the flu strain. However, the coffin had split and the cadaver badly decomposed.
Beth Stern has fostered more than 400 cats "Every life I save makes me want to do this more,” she said.
Beth and Howard Stern are 'trying to make cats cool' The 43-year-old model and her radio host husband have fostered dozens of felines over the years.
Howard Stern is a romantic at heart "He has been doing watercolors and paintings lately, and I just cherish the ones he gives to me," his wife Beth said.
By Annie Reuter
Selena Gomez may have found a new career. The singer recently unveiled a hilarious clip with Coach where she plays the role of a news anchor alongside Executive Creative Director Stuart Vevers. The 40-second snippet has Gomez perfecting her fake television laugh, discussing breaking news, reading traffic reports and much more.
Related: Selena Gomez Cast in Woody Allen's Next Project
Gomez first announced her partnership with Coach in December. In addition to filming parodies, the singer has collaborated with the brand to help design several bags, wristlets and leather accessories. For more on her collection at Coach, visit the designer's website and watch her hilarious parody below.
Share
Been waiting for the right time to jump into the world of virtual reality? HTC just made it a bit more tempting. The new HTC Vive Pro, the second generation of their groundbreaking Vive VR headset, is now available for pre-order. It's $800 but you get a lot of VR goodness in the deal. HTC says the Pro has 78 percent improved resolution over the original headset, plus it includes headphones, dual mics, and more.
The headset is more adjustable for a better fit, lighter and works with base station tracking, Steam VR tracking, and other enhanced compatibility features. You also get a six-month free pass to the HTC VivePort library of VR fun and games. And since the Pro is now official, they've also dropped the price of the original Vive to $499. But we think you should splurge and go Pro.
Serious screen time
Apple is in a pitched battle with Samsung – and sometimes LG – over smartphone supremacy, but when it comes to display technology, Apple is forced to rely on its rivals for the centerpiece tech for its halo products: The high-resolution display screens for its computers, phones, iPads and watches. But Bloomberg is now saying that those deals may have an eventual expiration date because Apple has been secretly developing a new screen technology at a secret location.
Bloomberg says Apple is working on “Micro LED” technology at an unmarked facility near the Apple campus and that the tech is at an “advanced stage” – even though Apple nearly canned the project about a year ago. MicroLED technology – if they can get a handle on scaling up production – could surpass OLED tech in terms of energy efficiency, brightness, and color – qualities everyone wants, of course.
And while a MicroLED iPhone is likely still years away, the news still caused a ripple through the tech industry as the stocks of display makers – like Sharp, Samsung and LG – took an immediate hit.
Worth the wait
We secretly hate DT car guy Miles Branman because he gets all the fun assignments. His latest “work” task? Drive the wheels off the new Tesla Model 3, Elon Musk and company's latest “affordable” electric car. Anyway, someone's gotta drive it, and Miles did just that, and even shot a cool 360-degree video to go with it. So how is it? Pretty damn sweet. As in, a 5-star DT rating sweet, an accolade we very rarely hand out.
And it's not just because we're tech geeks who love electric cars. No, this is just a really outstanding automobile, though it was optioned up to the $56,000 mark with a long list of options. The Model 3 is fast, comfortable, roomy, smart and we even like the look, although we'll have to get used to that solid front end where a radiator should be. It'll happen. Check out Miles' full review, and no, we don't really hate him. It's more of jealousy thing…
We've got more news on our Facebook page and YouTube channel, and be sure to tune in to this week's DT podcasts: Trends with Benefits (general tech shenanigans) on Thursdays, and Between the Streams (movie and TV topics) every Friday.
Image copyright Sony Image caption Khali the Killer stars Richard Cabral, who is better known for his role in the Lethal Weapon TV series
Thousands of people watched a film posted in its entirety to YouTube by its US distributor before the apparent mistake was tackled.
Sony Pictures Entertainment had labelled the video as being a trailer for the movie Khali the Killer.
But its 90 minute duration acted as a giveaway that the upload contained more than just highlights from the film.
The video was wiped after being online for more than six hours but not before news of its availability had spread.
CBR.com - which seems to have been the first news site to report the discovery - described it as an "epic mistake".
Members of the public also made fun of the find via social media.
Sony has not responded to the BBC's request for comment.
Skip Twitter post by @rocco_botte Hahahahahah Sony tried to put up a new trailer for “Khali The Killer” but accidentally uploaded the entire movie hahahahahahahaha im watchin it pic.twitter.com/IA2mOfElIQ — Rocco Botte (@rocco_botte) July 3, 2018 Report
The low-budget film - which is about a Los Angeles-based hitman - had previously attracted little attention, despite having already been released in parts of Europe and playing at film festivals.
That led some members of a Reddit discussion to question whether the "accident" was in fact a publicity stunt.
"It takes much longer to upload a feature-length film than a trailer. Presumably, someone would have asked why it's taking so long," wrote one.
But this is not the first time Sony has made such a mistake.
In 2014, the company posted a much higher-profile film - The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - to its South Korea YouTube account.
In any case, Khali the Killer's director has been making light of the latest debacle, on his own social media feeds.
Here's what Lane Kiffin had to say to Paul Finebaum about his departure from Alabama before the National Championship Game.
Lane Kiffin is leaving Alabama, and now that he's no longer constrained by Nick Saban's rules on coordinators speaking to the media he's free to talk about. Kiffin was on the Paul Finebaum show today and had this to say about leaving the Tide the week of the National Championship Game.
“Just talking to coach, just felt really that for the players, that I can give 100 percent for the players. I want to win this game for the players, for the fans. We have to do one more. Sark and I are so similar, he would give us the best chance to win because his mind will be 100 percent on the game.
This sounds like a guy who understands that it's hard to be a head coach of one team and the offensive coordinator of another.
It's the best thing for the players for Sark to call this game for these players because I want them to win and they deserve the best.”
There are a lot of media members trying to make hay out of Kiffin's departure and claiming that there was drama in it, but Kiffin doesn't sound upset. Lane Kiffin sounds like a guy moving on to be head coach again after having an insanely successful run at Alabama as an offensive coordinator, because that's what he is.
Folks can say what they want about Kiffin, but he was certianly classy when it came to his departure from Alabama.
If you want more on Kiffin's departure from Alabama check out our eulogy for his time as Alabama's offensive coordinator.
What do you think? Are you going to miss Lane Kiffin at Alabama? Let us know on Facebook or in the comments below.
More from Bama Hammer
This article originally appeared on
Image copyright Susan Greenhill Image caption Richard Gordon once refused to appear on a live broadcast of This Is Your Life
Doctor-turned-author Richard Gordon, who penned the Doctor books in the 1950s and 60s, has died aged 95.
The books formed the basis for seven films and the television and radio comedy series, Doctor in the House.
The plot revolved around the trials of medical students at the fictional St Swithin's Hospital in London.
Under his real name of Gordon Ostlere, the author, who lived in Kent, worked as an anaesthetist in London and Oxford and was also a ship's surgeon.
His first book, Doctor in the House, was based largely on his own experiences.
The film version of the same name starred Dirk Bogarde as the recently qualified Simon Sparrow, and was also made into a stage play.
Big red book refusal
In total, Gordon wrote more than three dozen books.
His first novel not in the Doctor series was about a plastic surgeon between the wars, which was published in 1967,
He also wrote The Private Life of Florence Nightingale, which depicted her as a lesbian, and similarly titled books on Jack the Ripper and Doctor Crippen.
With his wife, also an anaesthetist, he produced a book for parents, called A Baby in the House.
The author famously refused to appear on This Is Your Life in 1974, where guests were surprised with a big red book and a presentation of their past life.
The television programme was being broadcast live, and when approached by presenter Eamonn Andrews Gordon uttered a five-letter word and walked off.
However, he was persuaded to stay for a show that was broadcast a week later.
Image copyright UNI BASEL Image caption The two different forms of water (blue or red arrows) react with the diazenylium atoms at different speeds
Scientists have isolated the two different forms of water molecule for the first time.
Water molecules were known to exist as two distinct "isomers", or types, based on their slightly different properties at the atomic level.
By separating out the two isomers, researchers were able to show that they behave differently in the way that they undergo chemical reactions.
The work appears in Nature Communications.
In basic terms, water molecules consist of a single oxygen atom bonded to a pair of hydrogen atoms.
However, they can be further subdivided based on a property of the nuclei at the hearts of the hydrogen atoms - their "spin".
While they aren't spinning in the sense we would understand, this property of hydrogen nuclei does affect the rotation of the water molecules themselves.
If the nuclear spins of the two hydrogen atoms in water are oriented in the same direction, it is called ortho-water. If they are arranged in different directions, it is known as para-water.
Given that the isomers are very similar, it has been particularly challenging to separate them out. But co-author Prof Stefan Willitsch and his colleagues succeeded in doing it using electric fields.
They were then able to investigate how the different forms of water reacted with another chemical.
They used ultracold diazenylium ions (a form of nitrogen) for this test. The researchers found that para-water reacted about 25% faster with the diazenylium than ortho-water.
Because the rotation of H2O molecules is affected by the nuclear spin, different attractive forces act between the partners in this chemical reaction. The researchers supported this interpretation using computer modelling.
Prof Willitsch said the research could help improve control over other kinds of chemical reaction: "The better one can control the states of the molecules involved in a chemical reaction, the better the underlying mechanisms and dynamics of a reaction can be investigated and understood."
LONDON — A London couple murdered their French nanny and burnt her body in their garden after holding her captive and accusing her of crimes she had not committed, a British court heard on Monday.
Mother-of-two Sabrina Kouider, 35, and her partner Ouissem Medouni, 40, both French nationals, stand accused of murdering 21-year-old Sophie Lionnet. They deny the charge.
Prosecutor Richard Horwell told a jury at London's Old Bailey criminal court that after killing Lionnet, the pair had planned to dispose of her body by cremating it in the garden of their flat in the well-to-do Wimbledon area of south London.
They planned to explain her disappearance by saying she had left their employment under a cloud and as far as they knew had returned to France.
But Horwell said the “wicked plan” was frustrated by a neighbor who became concerned about the fire. Firefighters were called and found Lionnet's remains under the ashes.
Horwell said that during Lionnet's time in the Wimbledon flat, she had not been paid, had been beaten, and had not been given enough to eat.
Kouider had made a series of accusations against the young nanny, including that she was colluding with the father of one of the children to allow him to sexually abuse the family.
“Sophie had a great desire to please, even in adversity, and if she did not have the strength to walk out of this horrendous household, as she plainly did not, she must have found this increasingly toxic situation wholly outside her experience and ability to manage,” Horwell said.
Horwell said none of the accusations were true, but Lionnet was so badly treated and so weak that she sometimes made confessions.
He told the jury that Kouider was “vindictive, overbearing and controlling” while Lionnet was “timid, uncomplaining and especially vulnerable to manipulation and threats.”
The trial, expected to last five weeks, continues.
From the section
Image copyright Google Image caption Emergency services were called to Bonscale Crescent in Middleton on Thursday
A 69-year-old man arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman died has been released without charge.
The woman was found seriously injured at a house in Bonscale Crescent, Middleton, Greater Manchester, at about 11:20 BST on Thursday.
Emergency services attended but paramedics were unable to resuscitate her and she died.
Police have "determined there were no suspicious circumstances" and a file has been passed to the coroner.
Netflix may be trying to get kids addicted to binge-watching TV A new Netflix feature has been slammed by child safety experts who say the app “undermines” parents. The feature lets children collect “patches” by watching TV shows, raising concerns over...
Binge watching leaves you anxious, stressed and lonely Binge watching your favorite TV shows is bad for your mental health and stops you from sleeping, a new survey suggests. More than half of people surveyed admitted they experienced...
How junk food commercials are making teens fat Binge-watching with ads leads to binge-noshing crap. A new study from Cancer Research UK finds that teenagers who watched more than three hours of commercial TV a day scarfed down...
The best shows to binge-watch in one day over Christmas break Before 2017 leaves us, it's time to reflect — and, better still — catch up on the most binge-worthy series you may have missed all year. Granted, not everyone has...
Long-suffering mother and her baby revealed as Netflix's obsessive 'Bee Movie' rewatchers Europe's most prolific “re-watcher” has been revealed as a mom and baby who watched “Bee Movie” 357 times this year. Netflix revealed one unnamed UK user as Europe's most prolific...
Binge on these must-see shows after Thanksgiving dinner The holidays are approaching, which means you'll finally have time to catch up on your favorite TV shows. And if your favorites are between seasons, well, we've found some streaming...
Bananarama, Boy George, Erasure and Jason Donovan will take to the stage in a 1980s extravaganza concert for Children In Need.
The themed BBC fundraiser will come to London's SSE Wembley Arena in October, with presenters Fearne Cotton and Sara Cox at the helm.
Roman Kemp will also be contributing backstage, sharing interviews with stars such as Europe, Imagination, Jason Donovan, Katrina from Katrina & The Waves, Louisa Johnson, Nick Heyward, OMD and UB40 Featuring Ali, Astro and Mickey.
Tickets for the BBC Children in Need Rocks on October 19 are already on sale from £25 each.
Cotton, 35, said: "As a child of the 80s, I am especially thrilled to be presenting this year's BBC Children in Need Rocks!
"This is an amazing opportunity to party to the finest tunes from the 1980s in aid of an incredibly important cause. It's going to be a blast!"
Cox, who presents BBC Radio 2's Sounds Of The 80s programme, added: "It's no secret that I am in love with the sounds of the decade and I can't wait to hear some of the era's greatest hits performed live at Wembley for a very worthy cause."
The broadcaster's charity appeal for children made its debut as a telethon broadcast in 1980, hosted by Sir Terry Wogan with Sue Lawley and Esther Rantzen.
The organisation's signature yellow teddy bear with the polka-dot eye patch, Pudsey, joined in 1985.
77 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Bradford Bulls are set to suffer another blow, with James Clare and Kris Welham both on the verge of leaving the club.
League Express reports that Clare has left the crisis club to join newly promoted Leigh Centurions, while Welham has attracted interest from three Super League clubs.
The duo were star players for the Bulls in a disappointing 2016 campaign, in which they failed to reach the top four.
Clare scored 18 tries in 23 appearances for Bradford last season, while centre Welham scored 29 times in just 30 games.
However, with the club's financial troubles still unresolved, a number of players are being linked with moves away from the club, with the aforementioned duo set to be the first to depart.
To read the full story, buy League Express now. Purchase the paper every Monday in stores, or if you want to get the news first, get the online edition at https://pocketmags.com/league-express-magazine/3051
The perfect indoor botanicals to fit your lifestyle
There's something about a houseplant that truly draws a room together. Whether it's a centerpiece on the dining room table, adding life to the corner of a room, or soaking up sunshine next to your bookcase—plants really do transform a house into a home. Some might even clean your air while doing so! We did the research and found our favorites among hundreds of unusual, and beautiful botanicals. Find your perfect fit in the following!
Boston Fern
Non-Toxic to Dogs & Cats
Take care of this temperamental beauty, and it will take care of you. Boston Ferns remove plenty of indoor air pollutants from your breathing space, such as benzene, xylene, and formaldehyde. They prefer a more humid climate and indirect light, so if your house leans towards the drier side, make sure to water frequently each week, and lightly mist the fern's leaves with water. If your fern's leaves are turning yellow, the humidity is too low. Fertilize only a few times each year.
Rubber Plants
Non-Toxic to Dogs & Cats
When purchased young, these gorgeous plants can be tailored to suit your household. They grow well in indirect or direct sunlight, and their size largely depends upon the pot you use to keep them. The smaller the pot, and the less sunlight they receive, the slower and smaller they'll grow. Pop this lovely out and into the sunshine for short periods of time in a large pot for some serious growth spurts. Like the Boston Fern, the Rubber Plant is perfect for removing formaldehyde from the air. Keep the soil moist and wipe down the leaves with water from time to time, and you're good to go!
Bamboo
Non-Toxic to Dogs & Cats
Who couldn't use a little more luck every now and then? Bamboo is great for those who like a good-looking plant, with little hassle. They prefer to sit on your desk in bright, indirect sunlight, and can be left to its own devices in nothing, but a pot of pebbles and water. Word of caution, though! Bamboo doesn't like chlorine found in our tap water. Use bottled or distilled to keep this beauty strong. Fertilize very sparingly, and every other month at most.
Prayer Plant
Non-Toxic to Dogs & Cats
Another high-humidity lover, the Prayer Plant loves bright, indirect light and well-drained soil. Keep its planter moist and mist the leaves with warm water. Fertilize and add warm water to its soil every two weeks. It will need to be re-potted in early spring, but your efforts will be rewarded with cuttings that can be used to create new, little plants.
Aloe Vera
Toxic to Dogs & Cats
A most forgiving plant when it comes to watering, Aloe Vera enjoy wider pots and well-drained soil to prevent root rot. They prefer indirect sunlight, and do well in artificial. When watering, soak the plant completely through, but allow it to dry a minimum of 2 inches deep to keep it healthy between watering. The best part? Aloe Vera's gorgeous leaves can be used to alleviate pain from sun burns and scrapes! Now that's a plant that likes to give back.
Spider Plant
Non-Toxic to Dogs & Cats
One of the heartiest plants you'll own and aptly named for the smaller versions of itself dangling off the main plant! Spider plants enjoy well-drained soil and a good soaking, but need to dry out a bit between watering. They thrive in indirect sunlight, and their tiny flowering tendrils eventually turn into baby spider plants, that can eventually be cut and used to produce more plants. Re-pot them only when they've outgrown their container, which is indicated by the large roots poking out from the soil.
Peace Lily
Toxic to Dogs & Cats
This plant is perfect for novices. Not only does it bloom indoors, it will also remove harsh air pollutants such as benzene, and provides a little more humidity to the air all on its own. The Peace Lily prefers moist soil, and will need to be re-potted annually. Keep an eye out for brown leaf tips, which are an indicator of too much light. Fertilize around six to seven weeks in winter.
Orchid
Mild Irritation to Dogs & Cats
One of the fussiest and most delicate plants you'll ever have, Orchids are hard to keep alive, and even harder to bloom. But when they do, they are a sight to behold. Strong, and indirect sunlight is a must, along with high humidity. Orchids require a soaking in their shallow pot, and need to dry out a bit between watering. Mist your orchid with warm water daily, and fertilize weekly while young. Once mature, fertilize every other month. Do not fertilize during dormancy season. Re-pot your Orchid every other year.
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Renault admits it made too big a change with its Formula 1 engine over the winter, and has paid the price with reliability struggles this season.
Having felt that its power unit had reached the limit of development at the end of last year, Renault embarked on a concept revamp to give itself scope to close in on the benchmark Mercedes and Ferrari engines.
But Renault was troubled by reliability headaches in the early part of the season - which forced it to revert to its 2016 MGU-K - and managing director Cyril Abiteboul said that its ambitions had been too big.
"I cannot look professional if I tell you that these were expected problems, because we don't design a new engine expecting that it's not going to work," Abiteboul told Autosport.
"The reality - and that is still frustrating - is that we are still not great at designing first time.
"Having said that, we've done an awful lot on the engine side - the ICE architecture is completely different, the ERS is completely different.
"We can challenge the decision to do that much in one winter, and frankly, I think we've done a bit too much."
Abiteboul said Renault's reliability issues had been exacerbated by "finger mistakes" while swapping out faulty components.
"When you start having some difficulty with reliability, you do some mix and match in the garage," he said.
"You take an MGU-H from one engine, a turbo from another, an MGU-K from another, and then you start to make a monster!
"That also multiplies the operation and has been very difficult for the engine guys, who also - with all the operations we have done - happen to make some finger mistakes.
"This has made the situation even worse. That's a vicious circle that is very strong and powerful.
"On the chassis side, we [the Renault works team] have also had a couple of reliability issues - the last one being Jo's [Jolyon Palmer] installation lap in Silverstone, which was unrelated to the engine. It was a power assist system, and that's a big frustration.
"I'm putting that down to the fact that it is a team that is young. We have had a lot of turnover in the mechanics, a lot of turnover at the factory.
"People are getting experience and for me lack of quality is lack of experience."
Abiteboul is confident that Renault will be in a better situation at the start of next year.
"It's nearly behind us; it's not behind us yet, but it's a year of consolidation also on the engine side," he added.
"There will be much more stability next year, and we'll be able to focus on extracting more performance from the different components that we have introduced, and hopefully in a much more reliable manner.
"Those decisions are definitely questionable, definitely a great frustration and a big area of disappointment this season."
A brown recluse spider took Bob Uecker juuuuuuuuuust a bit outside his comfort zone — and nearly out of the broadcast booth.
The 84-year-old — getting ready for his 48th season calling games for his hometown Brewers — told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel that the poisonous venom of a brown recluse spider nearly stopped him from returning to the game that he loves after he got bit in October in the backyard of his home in Scottsdale, Ariz.
“I had a pair of shorts on,” Uecker told the newspaper. “I got bit by a spider but I didn't know it. I didn't feel it bite me. The next day, I had a red mark on my leg, and it kept getting bigger. I kept trying to take care of it by myself but it kept getting worse.”
The spider bit Uecker on his left leg as he was replacing a light bulb. Four days later, he visited a doctor for scheduled blood work and was told he needed to get to a hospital immediately. Uecker said the doctor recognized the wound right away.
A doctor cut away infected flesh from the bite, which can potentially lead to death, although fatal bites are highly unlikely. In fact, more than 90 percent of recluse bites heal without complications, although they can leave permanent scars, according to National Geographic.
The wound had to be left open following the surgery, which marked Uecker's latest health issue dating back to 1991, when a round of batting practice led to the discovery of an aortal aneurysm in his abdominal area.
“It has to heal from the inside out, so they left it open,” Uecker said of the procedure, his 11th major surgery. “That took five weeks. I couldn't believe it.”
Due to MRSA concerns, Uecker said doctors prescribed him stronger antibiotics to treat the potential bacterial infection. He's fine now, he said, although he missed plenty of his everyday workouts.
“What really bothered me is it kept me out of swimming from several weeks,” he said. “Normally, I swim every day.”
As Uecker's fans would expect, the irreverent veteran broadcaster — who appeared in the 1989 film “Major League” as the voice of the hapless Cleveland Indians — has worked the experience into his shtick during some Brewers exhibition games this spring.
“We were laughing about it on the air,” he told the newspaper. “I said the spider didn't ‘recluse' himself from biting me. That was a good one.”
Uecker has had a long list of unusual health scares, but his broadcast partner, Jeff Levering, said the baseball icon hasn't lost a step.
“He is a true entertainer, he really is,” Levering told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. “There's nobody quite like him. He's as in shape mentally at 84 as anybody I've ever seen, at any age … Bob Uecker was Howard Stern before Howard Stern was Howard Stern. Why do people listen to Howard Stern? Because they want to know what he's going to say next. Bob is the same way. If the game is close, he's all baseball. But if the game is not close, it becomes ‘Fireside Chat with Ueck.' He finds a way to shine those rocks. He really does.”
0:57 Girls watch Hidden Figures movie Pause
3:05 Hidden Figures
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
The outpouring support for a Tennessee boy who went viral tearfully talking about bullies is starting to taper off as questions are raised about his mother's financial motives and racist posts.
Kimberly Jones' heartbreaking footage of her son, Keaton, describing being called “ugly” at his Knoxville-area school quickly garnered attention over the weekend from millions moved by his troubles. Scores of celebrities came to his defense, with some even inviting him to movie premieres, and a GoFundMe campaign was launched that raised more than $58,000.
But the video, which was viewed more than 22 million times, began to receive backlash after the boy's mom allegedly started a separate GoFundMe that slammed the initial fundraiser, according to BuzzFeed.
“I must repeat, this is my only ‘GoFundMe' account! Some dude started a GoFundMe without my permission and raising money off my son without reaching out to me. I don't approve of that GoFundMe account. This is my only one,” Jones wrote on her alleged Instagram account, which has since been deleted.
In addition to including the GoFundMe page, the account shared information about how to donate on PayPal.
Some, however, questioned the mother's reasoning for creating a GoFundMe account.
“I am against bullying and I hate what has happened to your son… but why do you have a GoFundMe account… why are you asking for money,” one user commented, according to BuzzFeed.
“There are other ways we can tackle bullying without money involved.”
Both GoFundMe pages were no longer active Monday night. The page purportedly started by Jones was removed and the other fundraiser's creator, Joseph Lam, froze the campaign while the company attempted to reach the mom, TMZ reported.
Controversy for the family didn't end there though. Critics doubled down Monday, questioning Jones' ethics when racist photos and messages allegedly from her Facebook page started making rounds on social media.
The posts reportedly showed Jones holding a Confederate flag and criticizing those speaking out about racism.
“If you aren't bleeding, no bones are sticking out & you can breathe, STOP crying!” she allegedly wrote.
Jones has since made her Facebook page private.
The video of Keaton that became a rallying call to end bullying was also removed from the page.
Image copyright Terry Harris Photography Image caption Grenade-shaped ecstasy tablets were seized by officers
Grenade-shaped ecstasy tablets cut with bleach have been sold to children, police have said.
Cambridgeshire Police said officers carried out raids after receiving information suggesting the drugs, in the shape of mini-grenades, were being offered in the local community.
Three men aged 26, 30, and 36, and a woman, 30, all from Wisbech, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.
They are being held at King's Lynn.
Image copyright Terry Harris Photography Image caption Four people were arrested on suspicion of selling Class A drugs
“I was lamenting the loss of someone I care about and I'd just had a baby, so I started sobbing”
**SPOILER ALERT – DO NOT READ ON IF YOU HAVE NOT SEEN CALL THE MIDWIFE EPISODE SEVEN**
Advertisement
Call the Midwife star Jack Ashton has revealed he cried real tears while filming his final scenes with on-screen wife, Barbara.
In an interview in this week's issue of Radio Times, Ashton – who plays the show's vicar Tom Hereward – spoke of how he filmed Charlotte Ritchie's on-screen death just after his real-life partner and co-star, Helen George, had given birth to their daughter Wren Ivy.
“We did all Barbara's deathbed scenes in the hospital two days after Wren was born and I hadn't slept, so finding the delirium and the madness was quite easy,” he explained.
“Filming those scenes was emotional because we all love Charlotte. We knew we were acting – but we also knew we were saying goodbye…
“It's emotional thinking about it now… I was lamenting the loss of someone I care about and I'd just had a baby, so I started sobbing… with snot and tears everywhere.
“The director asked if I could stop and cry for the next take, but I didn't think I could stop crying at all – I definitely couldn't stop and start again – so I said, ‘You might have to see what you can do with that take'.”
Call the Midwife fans were devastated by Barbara's shocking death, and Ashton said that even the cast hadn't had much time to prepare for her departure. “We were aware that Char would be going at some point, but we didn't know for sure until we got the scripts,” he revealed.
“But if Radio Times readers are shell-shocked, we do end the series this week on a lighter note – poignant, still emotional, but a lighter note.”
On whether that may involve Tom getting back together with his old flame Trixie (Helen George's character in the show), Ashton simply laughed. “No… can you imagine?” he said. “I don't think he would be forgiven if he was looking at potential suitors at his wife's wake. Tom is grieving and will be grieving for some time.
“Men at that time were quite buttoned-up, but I thought, ‘He's just got married. He's in love. He's got the whole world ahead of him, and then this fells him.' It's a really, really sad end.”
What does he mean by “end”? Will Tom not be returning to Call the Midwife next year?
“We shall see. Maybe he's in series eight and maybe he isn't.”
The 35-year-old actor did reveal that he has Tom's backstory written in a little book that he reads to help him get into character – although he tries not to let his partner see. “If Helen saw me reading my book, she'd say, ‘You've been doing this for five years!'” he laughs.
Advertisement
“But that's our relationship. We take the mickey out of each other all the time. What's great is, she understands the stress of acting and how an intense role can alter your personality at home while you're doing it – which is a difficult thing.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A brand new ‘clean eating' cafe will open its doors in Chester this Thursday (April 20).
Free samples from the menu at Skinnys on Lower Bridge Street will be available for customers to try all day at the new eatery, which has a primary focus on vegetarian, vegan and clean food.
Mum and son team Donna and Cain Wynne were inspired to set up the cafe after the success of their sister business in Wrexham.
They said anyone wishing to follow a healthier lifestyle will benefit from dining at Skinnys.
Just some of the food on the menu includes protein brownies and waffles, steak with scrambled eggs, spinach and kale and sweet potato waffle burgers.
Donna said: “We are so excited to open in Chester. On Thursday to celebrate our opening we will be giving samples of our food out, and will try and sample the whole menu throughout the day.”
Skinnys Chester opens at 11am.
Revealed: How dog passport prices vary by 200% at Camden and Haringey vets
All dogs need a passport to travel out of the UK PA Archive/PA Images
A Ham&High investigation has revealed huge variations in the price of issuing dog passports at vets in Camden and Haringey.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
We found that charges at veterinary practices in Hampstead, Highgate, Crouch End and Muswell Hill differed by more than 200 per cent depending on the deal offered.
We called local vets and asked for the price of a passport for a labradoodle puppy that was already micro-chipped and vaccinated for rabies.
The cheapest quote we were given was £48 at Highgate Vet and Hills Veterinary Surgery in Crouch End, and the most expensive was £150 at Village Vet in Hampstead.
Village Vet was quick to clarify its rate was for an “all-inclusive service” including rabies vaccination and a 30 minute full dog health check, when contacted by the Ham&High.
But shocked dog owners have called for prices to be regulated and more transparency for the customer.
Julie Gishen and dog Mr. Picture: Polly Hancock Julie Gishen and dog Mr. Picture: Polly Hancock
Julie Gishen, 41, of Willow Road, Hampstead, said: “I didn't even know there was a range of prices, that's surprised me - and no, it's not fair.
“It should be regulated, like an MOT.”
A dog passport has been essential to take a pet away on holiday since the century-old quarantine law was abandoned in 2000.
The work involved in issuing the standard document should not vary significantly from vet to vet as long as the dog is already micro-chipped and vaccinated against rabies.
The Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons says vets practices are within their rights to set their own pricing structures, like any other business.
Jennie Shepherd and Maudie. Picture: Polly Hancock Jennie Shepherd and Maudie. Picture: Polly Hancock
A spokesman said: “We are not able to regulate pricing in veterinary practices as to do so would be anti-competitive and, like any other business, prices in different practices may vary depending on the services offered and market forces.
“Clients may wish to shop around to find a veterinary practice they like and which is within any budget they may have.”
But dog owners the Ham&High interviewed on Hampstead Heath were surprised at the lottery in prices.
Jennie Shepherd, 46, of Cliffton Hill, St John's Wood, who was walking her dog Maudie, said: “I have to say when I looked into it they [dog passports] were pricey.
“There should be a set price. It's wrong. It should be standardised.”
Victoria Twining and Luna. Picture: Polly Hancock Victoria Twining and Luna. Picture: Polly Hancock
Not all were critical, with some saying they would pay a premium for the convenience of visiting their local vet.
Victoria Twining, 43, of Belsize Park, out walking her dog Luna, said: “We use it [the passport] all the time because we travel to France a lot. I don't actually find them expensive.
“I think people are so used to people charging whatever they want to these days. They'll pay for what's convenient at the local vet that's near to them.”
But she said an industry-wide “recommended price” should be displayed so customers are informed if they are paying over the odds for not shopping around.
Village Vet Hampstead said it offers a comprehensive service which reflects the extra cost.
David Balogh and Georgie. Picture: Polly Hancock David Balogh and Georgie. Picture: Polly Hancock
Farooq Bhatti, group marketing strategist, said: “Our price of £150 for your puppy is an all-inclusive one that includes rabies vaccination, pet passport and a full health check consultation for 30 minutes.
“Our vets take the time to have a proper consult with the owner, which means addressing any questions that may be specific to the location that they are travelling to or any health queries in general.
“We also inspect your pets' microchip to make sure it is readable and in working order.
“The price just for the pet passport is £65.75. Nevertheless it is not an option that any puppy owner would opt for as it is quite rare for someone to simply get a rabies vaccination, a requisite for a pet passport, without having to get a pet passport.
“In our experience, we don't generally encounter puppy owners who just want a pet passport.”
Emma Tudge with Baxter and Sprocket. Picture: Polly Hancock Emma Tudge with Baxter and Sprocket. Picture: Polly Hancock
Gudrun Ravetz, president of the British Veterinary Association, said pet passports are commonly issued as part of a “bundle of procedures”, including rabies vaccinations, and this can affect pricing.
“Each veterinary practice will determine its own prices and packages, taking into account popularity of services and practice overheads like rent, administration and staff costs,” she said.
“When only comparing headline prices it is not always obvious what is included and so we would encourage pet owners to engage with their veterinary practice to understand all that is being offered.”
WHAT IS A DOG PASSPORT?
A dog passport is part of the government Pet Travel Scheme and is essential if you want to take your pet (cats, dogs and ferrets require them) abroad with you.
Jill Ingram and dog Ella. Picture: Polly Hancock Jill Ingram and dog Ella. Picture: Polly Hancock
It includes a record of any treatments your dog has had, as well as:
* Details of ownership
* Description of pet
* Vaccination against rabies
* Rabies blood test (if required)
* Canine tapeworm treatment (if required)
Why does your dog need one?
It's mostly a safety precaution. The main purpose of the scheme is to keep the UK and your pet free from rabies and other foreign diseases they may catch whilst you're away. The pet passports scheme was introduced in 2000 followed the ditching of the century-old quarantine law.
How long do they last for?
It will last for the lifetime of the pet as long as the rabies vaccination is kept up to date.
Who can issue dog passports?
Most vets are able to issue them and if yours doesn't, you should be able to ask them for the nearest veterinary clinic that does. You can also contact the animal transport department of the Animal and Plant Health Agency on 03000 200 301.
YOUR VIEWS
We asked dog walkers on Hampstead Heath what they thought about the variation in pet passport prices?
DAVID BALOGH, 25, of Barnsbury Park, out with Georgie, a dog he looks after, said: “I think it depends on the area. If you're in Greater London it will be cheaper but if you're somewhere around here then they'll charge more - and if people are paying £150 for it, they'll never change the price. But the big gap surprises me, I don't know what the reason for that is.”
JENNIE SHEPHERD, 46, of Cliffton Hill, St John's Wood, with dog Maudie, said: “I did selectively choose my vet on their skill base and what they offer at the practice. But when it comes to something like a passport that would make me think. If it was an operation or my dog's general meds, no, I wouldn't shop around. But when it comes to a passport or something that doesn't relate to her health then I would.”
EMMA TUDGE, 36, of Mansfield Road, Gospel Oak, with her two dogs Baxter and Sprocket, said: “Once the vet knows the dog it's a bit trickier to move. You feel like you'll have to give the backstory again without them knowing the full history.”
VICTORIA TWINING, 43, of Belsize Park, with her dog Luna, said: “I'm not going to lie, I like the convenience of my vet and they have all the dog's history – it's just very straight forward. But if someone told me in that in Kentish Town it's £40 against £140 then, yes, I'm not an idiot, I will drive to Kentish Town.”
JILL INGRAM, 50, of Southampton Road in Kentish Town, out with her dog Ella, said: “I think it's a free market and that's fair and it's down to the consumer to seek out what's best.”
On the Streets
Feb 2 2018 (Dawn, Pakistan) - An estimated 44 tonnes of processed heroin is consumed in Pakistan annually, generating some $2 billion in illegal trade, according to a report in the Telegraph in 2014. The figure, it is feared, has gone up since then. According to the Anti-Narcotics Force, close to 8.9 million people in Pakistan are drug dependent and local media sources suggest drug-related complications claim 700 lives daily in the country — much higher than terrorism. This figure is all the more alarming as the average age for drug use has fallen below 24, signalling a worrisome nature of the problem amongst the youth.
Pakistan is a signatory to the 1961 Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs. However, the harsh control and punishment structure has not prevented the country from becoming a hub for the global drug trade. In 2016, the World Drug Report published by UNODC claimed that over 40 per cent of opiates produced in Afghanistan arrive in Pakistan every year. The ease of availability and the shockingly low cost of drugs have greatly increased their consumption and dependence over the past decade.
Drug abuse is rampant in elite youth circles throughout Pakistan but most common among the country's most ostracised social group, street children, particularly in urban centres. In the wake of the country's deteriorating state of child security, it is increasingly important to think about street children and the dangers they face.
Drug abuse is most common among the country's most ostracised social group — street children.
A 2005 UN study estimated that 1.2 to 1.5m children inhabited the streets of Pakistan. New headcounts are needed for these children, who, among other dangers, are exposed to chronic drug abuse and early dependence at as young as seven years. The children exposed to drugs face a host of issues, including lifelong drug dependence, police exploitation and fatal infections such as HIV. Despite the high vulnerability of street children to drug abuse, there is almost no data available on the issue. Even where data is available, its quality is subjective and it is out of date by a sizeable margin of over a decade.
Data available from the early 2000s suggests that the highest prevalence of drug abuse by street children is in some of Pakistan's largest cities: Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar. For example, based on a survey of 1,151 children from various cities, the Azad Foundation, a Karachi-based NGO working to get children off Pakistan's streets, had found that almost 56pc of street children were smoking hashish. Another study conducted over 2003-2005 in Lahore found that 67.1pc of the children in the sample had taken drugs in the past month while 15.9pc classified themselves as regular users of drugs.
A follow-up project in 2009 focused on the risk of HIV in street children — 565 of them were interviewed in Lahore; 13.5pc had exchanged sex for drugs on the streets. The numbers were higher for children who had spent 48 months or more on the streets. In fact, children who had exchanged sex for other services, such as food, shelter or drugs, were more likely to be active users of drugs at 93pc and consumed harder drugs; the use of heroin amongst this group was 9.6pc. Although the use of intravenous drugs was relatively higher for children in this group, injecting drugs was uncommon. But regular exploitation of street children by older injecting drug users puts them at high risk of HIV infections and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Among other things, the socioeconomic challenges of life in the street and the ease of availability of drugs push children into addiction. To make matters worse, support and rehabilitation facilities are limited and relapse rates are high due to resource constraints. The strictness, and lack of clarity and awareness around drug laws further reduces access to support; harassment by the police is widespread and false arrests to extract money or force children into doing odd jobs for the police are not uncommon.
There is an urgent need for more proactive and well-informed policymaking to tackle this growing culture of substance abuse on the streets. Therefore, up-to-date data collection on drug abuse among children is an indispensable first step in achieving policies that work. The absence of quality data is a major hindrance to solving the problem as it keeps the true magnitude of the issue hidden from policymakers and the public and, in turn, contributes to the problem.
While there is an obvious need to tackle the supply of drugs, resources must also be allocated for better training and accountability of the police, as well as to increase awareness of drug laws, and punishments in the country so that exploitation at the hands of officials and its subsequent consequences may be reduced.
There is also a need for increasing support facilities and rehabilitation centres. Many children express a desire to quit drugs but have no access to support facilities. Provincial welfare departments run a few rehabilitation facilities but they are far from sufficient. Most centres in high-priority cities, such as Karachi, are run by private NGOs and are severely understaffed and under-resourced. Despite efforts to get drug-dependent children off the streets, the relapse rates of some NGOs are as high as 70pc because of inadequate resources to continue the programmes.
But, most importantly, policies need to address the issue of street children in general. According to the Pakistan Education Statistics 2015-16 launched by National Education Management Information System, 22.64m children are out of school in Pakistan, of which 5.03m are of primary school-going age. This hints at an urgent need for effective and efficient channelling of the education budget. Pakistan's budget allocation on education has more than doubled since 2010, but the misspending and mismanagement of funds continues to remain a troubling issue.
Pakistan's battle against drugs has only just begun but the lack of attention towards the issue can lead to a public health crisis if the government fails to act quickly. Pakistan needs to move away from traditional demand-side policies to a more holistic approach.
The writer has worked with Unicef in Tajikistan on security and HIV positive children. faryal.sajjad8@gmail.com
This story was originally published by Dawn, Pakistan
Meek Mill has been in jail for almost 6 months due to a violation of his parole terms but the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has finally granted bail. In a number of tweets, Meek expressed his gratitude for the support he's received as well as promising to bring to light to the hardships of the system for those without the means to fight against it.
I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time. While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
To the Philly District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice. I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
LAS VEGAS — The Latest on records released by Las Vegas police regarding the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history (all times local):
1 p.m.
Police in Las Vegas have released another batch of public records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The release of video on Wednesday came after courts ordered the department to make public police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting.
It's the fourth batch of records to be released under the court order.
The material has not detailed a possible motive and instead recounts tales of horror and heroism as officers responded to the massacre.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from a high-rise hotel into an outdoor concert crowd on the Las Vegas Strip.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material being released. The FBI has declined to comment.
Both agencies say they don't have a motive for the attack and the investigation is ongoing.
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone and the attack had no link to international terrorism.
——–
10:20 a.m.
Police in Las Vegas are scheduled to release more records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The release of the materials has been promised for noon Wednesday.
Courts ordered the release of public records including police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds on the Las Vegas Strip.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material.
The FBI has also declined to comment.
Both say they don't have a motive for the attack, and that the investigation is ongoing.
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone in shooting from a high-rise hotel room into an outdoor concert crowd below, and that the attack had no link to international terrorism.
The Washington Post first reported the postponement.
Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., and ranking member Sen. Jon Tester, D-Mont., said Tuesday that the timing for the hearing was up in the air.
"The Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs is postponing the hearing to consider the nominee to be secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs in light of new information presented to the committee," they said in a statement. "We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review."
Jackson told NBC News on Tuesday that he was looking forward to the hearing and declined to comment on the allegations against him. "I'm looking forward to getting (the hearing) rescheduled and answering all the questions," he said on his way into a meeting with a lawmaker on Capitol Hill.
Jackson is the White House physician — a position he also held under former President Barack Obama. President Donald Trump announced his choice last month, after firing the department's former secretary, David Shulkin, and after promoting Jackson to rear admiral.
In January, Jackson briefed the media on Trump's health, telling reporters the president has "a lot of energy and a lot of stamina" and was in "excellent" health.
After breaking free from Antarctica this summer, a giant iceberg roughly the size of Delaware is moving on to open waters.
New satellite images from TerraSAR-X show the iceberg known as A68 has begun to drift away from the Larsen C ice shelf and is being driven by currents, potentially toward the South Atlantic.
Related: Iceberg About the Size of Delaware Breaks off Antarctica
The iceberg— weighing an estimated 1.12 trillion tons — officially ripped from the frozen formation in July in a process known as calving, according to scientists at the University of Swansea in Britain. It's such a colossal chunk of ice that maps of the peninsula must be redrawn.
The remaining ice shelf will be closely watched for signs of collapse. There also remains the possibility that the iceberg could pose a risk to cruise ships passing from South America.
A massive rift develops in Antarctica's Larsen C ice shelf on Nov. 10, 2016, before the A68 iceberg broke off. John Sonntag / NASA via EPA
Photos: NASA's Antarctic Flyover Reveals Melting Continent
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
It turns out that Pavel Buchnevich was not immune to the idiom of a “young player going through the process.”
The 21-year-old Russian is set to be a healthy scratch for the first time in his North American career when his team travels to Brooklyn to take on the Islanders on Thursday night at Barclays Center.
Buchnevich had missed 32 of the team's first 42 games with a lingering back injury, but he had been in the lineup for the previous 14 games since returning Jan. 13.
“Buch had a so-so game last game,” coach Alain Vigneault said on Wednesday, referring to his team's 3-2 victory against the Blue Jackets in Columbus on Monday night. “Part of the growing process of a young player.”
As far as what he wants to see from Buchnevich to get the team's third-round pick (No. 75 overall) back on track, it's pretty simple.
“I think right now, he's got to make a couple plays with the puck,” Vigneault said. “He's a skill player that has the ability to make plays with the puck, and that's what we need from him.
“There is always a learning curve, and he's going through it. Maybe the fact that he missed a lot of time, came back, was energized, so maybe there was a little dip there in the energy level. It's one game, so we'll go from there.”
Buchnevich had started Monday's game back in the top six, but was returning to the fourth line after Vigneault noticed another rookie, Jimmy Vesey, having quite a bit more jump in his legs. It was a move that worked out, as Vesey scored the game-winning goal on a terrific individual play late in the third period.
“Pavel looked a little nervous on the ice with his puck decisions,” Vigneault said, “so I made the switch.”
Matt Puempel was set to return to the lineup and replace Buchnevich as the fourth-line wing with Oscar Lindberg and Jesper Fast. Puempel, 23, had been out for the previous four games.
“Pumps is a young player,” Vigneault said, “and I just feel that it's time to get him in a game.”
Goalie Henrik Lundqvist has faced Islanders captain John Tavares enough to know what to expect.
“I think around the league every team has one, or maybe two guys, that really stand out when it comes to moving the puck and shooting the puck. Obviously, he's top of the league when it comes to that,” Lundqvist said. “He's a really good player, and he makes the players around him really good. So obviously we have to make sure we play hard and don't give him too much room.”
The Rangers honored Garden of Dreams recipient Moshe Illouz with an honorary five-day contract signed by general manager Jeff Gorton, and some on-ice practice time Wednesday with his idol and fellow goalie, Lundqvist. Illouz is a teenager battling cancer, and has found inspiration in the Rangers.
“It's moments like this that make the fight worth it,” Illouz said.
A post shared by Anthony Baker (@mr.bakermann) on Apr 12, 2017 at 11:17am PDT
The thrill-seeking subway surfer who has spent the past decade riding the rails like a daredevil turned himself in to police, Transit Chief Joseph Fox said on Monday morning.
Christopher Guttilla, 24, who took footage of himself standing on the roof of a 7 train as it zipped through Queens last week, was identified and wanted by cops for pulling his most recent stunt.
“After initial foolish decision, the man made a much smarter one & turned himself in,” Fox posted on Twitter along with a video of Guttilla on top of the train.
“Please don't ride on top of the subway cars.”
Guttilla's father Joseph Guttilla, 48, of Rego Park, told The Post last week his son is autistic and has been surfing trains since he was 14.
“He used to do it with his friends,” said Guttilla. “They outgrew it, but he never did.”
Guttilla, who already has a long rap sheet for a variety of crimes involving subway mischief and graffiti, is now facing misdemeanor charges of reckless endangerment and criminal trespass, said cops.
Additional reporting by Daniel Prendergast
Democrats are pumping millions into the Georgia congressional election set for Tuesday, hoping a 30-year-old political upstart who's attracting star power can deliver a rebuke to President Trump and help the party reclaim lost momentum.
Hollywood has even come out for the off-cycle vote, with actor Samuel L. Jackson cutting a radio ad urging voters to flip the seat once held by Republican Tom Price, who is now Trump's health secretary.
“Vote for the Democratic Party. Stop Donald Trump, a man who encourages racial and religious discrimination and sexism,” Jackson says in the ad, casting the race as a chance to undermine the Republican president and throwing in “Pulp Fiction” references for good measure. “We have to channel the great vengeance and fury we have for this administration into votes at the ballot box.”
Democrats tried a similar tactic last week in their failed bid for the open seat of Kansas' Mike Pompeo, arguing a win in that conservative district would prove just how eager Americans are to end Trump and fellow Republicans' control of Washington.
Washington Democrats, however, put essentially no resources into the race. By contrast, Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee staffers are on the ground in Georgia, and supporters have given top Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff $8 million-plus, with 80 percent of the money coming from outside the state.
Republicans have held the suburban Atlanta seat for nearly four decades. However, Democrats saw an opening for an upset after Trump last year narrowly defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton in that district, while Price won with 61 percent of the vote.
Democrats also see a win as a catalyst for them in the 2018 midterm elections, though Republicans would still have a roughly 44-seat majority in the House and a four-seat advantage in the Senate.
The race Tuesday features 18 candidates — 11 Republicans, five Democrats and two independents. To outright take the so-called “jungle primary,” the winner must get more than 50 percent of the vote. If not, the leader would face the second-place finisher in a runoff.
Ossoff is expected to get the most votes but not the majority, likely sending him and one of the Republican candidates to the June 20 runoff.
Trump and other Washington Republicans have gotten into the act — a clear indication of their desire to keep the seat and blunt any momentum toward a possible 2018 Democratic comeback.
“The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal (sic) race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!,” Trump tweeted Monday.
He also tweeted Sunday: “The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!”
Republican field staffers also have been dispatched to Georgia. A GOP political action committee backed by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., has spent more than $2 million attacking Ossoff.
In addition, the amount of money going to Ossoff is also a liability.
“I don't care what party you're from,” said Marty Aftewicz, a 66-year-old Republican voter from Marietta. “If the money's coming from outside the district, it's dirty. … Anyone raising that much outside money can't represent me.”
Republicans have also run a barrage of campaign ads trying to tie the 30-year-old Ossoff to House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi, a California Democrat, and portray him as too sophomoric and inexperienced to govern.
The Congressional Leadership Fund super PAC, for instance, is running ads showing him pretending to be “Star Wars” character Han Solo while attending Georgetown University.
“Jon is being bankrolled by the most extreme liberals,” said Karen Handel, a former secretary of state and one of Ossoff's Republican challengers. “No one is naive enough to think that he will not be beholden to those who are bankrolling him.”
Ossoff, nevertheless, pledges to be an “independent voice” in Congress. And he defends his campaign as a grassroots success powered by small and medium donors.
Ossoff is a former staffer to Rep. Hank Johnson and intern for civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis, Georgia Democrats now supporting Ossoff in the race.
Though he could get the most votes Tuesday, national Republicans think he would lose in June to Handel or fellow GOP candidates Bob Gray, a technology executive, or Dan Moody or Judson Hill, former state senators.
Handel vows to work with Trump on common-ground issues but says her job is to “be a voice for people of the 6th District.”
Gray says he would be a “willing partner” in the effort to fulfill Trump's legislative agenda.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Bass Pro Shops and Cabela's will sponsor Richard Childress Racing in multiple races in the Cup and Xfinity Series next year, the team announced Monday.
Bass Pro Shops and Cabela's merged in September 2017.
The outdoors brands will be on Ryan Newman‘s No. 31 Chevrolet during the 60th Daytona 500 on Feb. 18 and in several other races during the season.
They will also be a primary sponsor for Austin and Ty Dillon on the No. 3 Chevrolet in the Xfinity Series for several races.
“Our relationship with Bass Pro Shops dates back to the mid-1990s and we're thrilled to be able to continue it during the 2018 season,” team owner Richard Childress said in a press release. “Austin, Ty and Ryan are terrific ambassadors for the great outdoors. They are all passionate about our hunting, fishing and conservation heritage which has made this partnership thrive.
“Next season will be exciting as we welcome Cabela's, the iconic outdoor brand acquired by Bass Pro Shops, to the RCR family.”
Bass Pro Shops, founded in 1972 by Johnny Morris, is also a primary sponsor of Martin Truex Jr.'s No. 78 Toyota owned by Furniture Row Racing.
The store chain will be on the hood of the No. 78 in 16 races and on the sides of it in 14 others.
Follow @DanielMcFadin
What if I were to tell you that the future of David Wright could be determined by Josh Smoker's success as a Pittsburgh Pirate?
Apologies. That's a tad apocryphal. But a correlation does exist there. Most important, it helps construct a roadmap for what to expect as Wright and the Mets continue their awkward dance that looks more likely to end with a retirement news conference than with a triumphant return to the playing field.
Even Wright, the longtime optimist, seems to appreciate the gravity of his situation as a myriad of injuries and conditions, most prominently spinal stenosis, has kept him out of action since May 27, 2016 and has limited him to 75 games since the start of 2015. In the last 20-plus months, he has undergone three surgeries (neck, right shoulder and lower back) and played in zero games.
“Everything is a concern for me,” he told MLB.com in an interview last month. “I haven't progressed to the point where I'll know how it feels to throw a baseball until we get closer to spring. I certainly don't know how the back is going to hold up.”
Nevertheless, he wants to keep trying his improbable comeback, and shame on anyone who calls him “selfish” for not just giving the money back to the Mets. He earned every penny of the $138 million the Mets guaranteed him back in 2012, with $47 million remaining through 2020.
Wright plans to report to Port St. Lucie alongside his fellow position players by February 17, at which point the Mets will assess him. As of last week, he had yet to do any baseball activities.
Let's assume, sadly, that Wright won't ever play again; the Mets have to operate on that assumption as they work to construct a lineup without their captain. If Wright reaches a point where he agrees with that prognosis, and he certainly appears headed in that direction, then two factors will drive the exit strategy.
The first factor is Wright's roster spot, the second the Mets' insurance policy on Wright's contract.
As early as February 14, the Mets can place Wright on the 60-day disabled list, which doesn't count against the team's 40-man roster. That could be especially crucial this year in light of the extremely slow-moving free-agent market — and the industry-wide roster churn once guys finally start signing — off which the Mets want to capitalize. The Mets chose to trade Smoker, the big, hard-throwing lefty with mediocre results, because they had to make room on their 40-man roster for the re-signing of Jose Reyes. Wright has been occupying one of those cherished roster spots.
The roster spot won't become an issue again until November, when teams must finalize their 40-man rosters in anticipation of the Rule 5 draft. That serves as a de facto deadline for Wright and the Mets to figure out their future.
The Mets won't simply release Wright at that juncture, because that would cancel their insurance policy on him that has been paying 75 percent of his salary since July 27, 2016 (that's roughly $20 million of the $27 million he made in that juncture, and it would be another $15 million of the $20 million for 2018). So standard operating procedure in this instance, as occurred with the Rangers and Prince Fielder and the Phillies and Matt Harrison, calls for the team to negotiate a settlement with the insurance company once it has been established that the player is medically unable to return.
After this season, Wright will be due $15 million in 2019 and $12 million in 2020. The insurance carrier, which would be covering $20.25 million of that through the course of the contract, could agree on a lesser, upfront payment — a ballpark guesstimate would be $15 million — that would get the deal off its books and give the Mets a short-term boost in return for the long-term hit.
So don't expect a teary-eyed news conference this spring. This will take another whole season to sort out. And if Wright defies the odds and plays for the Mets again, then this breakdown will have been for moot. But surely the Mets are smart enough that they're teasing out the same timeline in their collective minds.
Wahoo's on the Plaque?
Kudos to commissioner Rob Manfred for finally eradicating the world of Chief Wahoo, the ridiculous Native American caricature that served as the Indians' logo for far too long. While you can say Manfred shouldn't have granted the Indians a one-year grace period — the deactivation goes into effect for 2019 — the delay just paints Indians owner Paul Dolan in a negative light for trying to appease his base of insensitively nostalgic fans.
This already charged topic becomes even more prominent with the impending Hall of Fame induction of Jim Thome, who will go in as an Indian. Thome, who appears fundamentally incapable of saying or doing the wrong thing, already has gotten ahead of this by saying he wants the Indians' more recent Block C logo on his cap.
The Hall of Fame typically solicits inductee's input regarding which team he'd like on his plaque and then independently decides on the design. The Hall also is a stickler for accuracy and authenticity, however, and Thome wore the Block C only during his brief return to the Indians in 2011. During his Fame-making tenure, from 1991 through 2002, he wore Chief Wahoo.
The Hall already has contemplated a third option: Follow Yogi's lead. Yogi Berra's plaque features him in profile, with his cap sporting no logo. At the time of his induction in 1972, Yogi was the Mets' manager, although he of course got to Cooperstown by virtue of his time with the Yankees.
I'd vote for the Block C. The Indians deserve to be honored as part of Thome's big moment (although it would be great if they changed their nickname someday), and while it wouldn't be the Hall's most accurate plaque, it's best to move past Chief Wahoo. With the ultra-beloved Thome's support, they can make this work.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Yatseniuk resigns MINSK, Belarus — Ukraine's embattled prime minister announced Sunday that he is resigning, opening the way for the formation of a new government to end a drawn-out political crisis. In...
Investigators finally reach MH17 crash site ROZSYPNE, Ukraine — As mortar fire landed nearby, an international team of investigators finally reached the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 wreckage site Thursday and got their first look at a...
Ukrainian prime minister resigns amid political turmoil KIEV, Ukraine — Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk announced his resignation Thursday, opening the way for new elections that would reflect the country's starkly changed political scene after the ouster...
Pro-Russians storm Odessa police station, free loyalists Pro-Russian militants stormed a Ukrainian police station in Odessa on Sunday and freed nearly 70 fellow activists as the country's leaders lamented a police force they said was widely undermined...
Pro-Russian separatists demand independence from Ukraine Pro-Russian separatists who seized a provincial administration building in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk on Monday proclaimed the region an independent republic in a move echoing the run-up to...
Crimea votes on whether to secede from Ukraine SIMFEROPOL, Ukraine — In a referendum watched closely around the world, residents of Ukraine's strategic Crimean Peninsula voted Sunday on whether to demand greater autonomy or seek to join Russia....
Obama meets with Ukraine leader WASHINGTON — President Obama sat side by side with Ukraine's new acting prime minister Wednesday and declared the country can't operate with the “barrel of a gun” pointed at it....
Obama to host new Ukrainian PM in jab against Russia WASHINGTON — In a diplomatic dig at Russia, President Obama is hosting the new Ukrainian prime minister at the White House, a high-profile gesture aimed at cementing the West's allegiance to...
Crimea moves step closer to becoming independent state KIEV, Ukraine — The Crimean parliament voted Tuesday that the Black Sea peninsula will declare itself an independent state if its residents agree to split off from Ukraine and join...
Image caption The main targets for rural thieves are four-by-four vehicles, quad bikes, livestock and tools
Fear about being "staked out" for robbery is the biggest concern when it comes to rural crime, according to a new report by NFU Mutual.
It says in some places farmers have had to turn their yards into "fortresses" to prevent repeated thefts.
The main targets are four-by-four vehicles, quad bikes, livestock and tools.
The level of crime is down around 15%, but still costs around £3m a year in Northern Ireland.
NFU Mutual spokesman Martin Malone claimed thieves were becoming more brazen and farmers had to constantly increase security to cope.
"They are using tracking devices on tractors, video and infra-red surveillance in their farmyards and even DNA markers to protect sheep from rustlers," he said.
In addition to the fear of being watched, other concerns include longer police response times.
"The threat of becoming a victim of rural crime, and regular reports of suspicious characters watching farms is causing high levels of anxiety amongst farmers who know their rural location makes them vulnerable to attacks," said Mr Malone.
He said the advice was to regularly evaluate security measures, to stay vigilant and report any suspicious activity to police and local farm watch schemes.
The PSNI said its records showed 560 burglary, robbery and theft offences linked to agriculture last year, but the trend was downwards since 2010, when more than 900 such offences were recorded.
Supt Brian McKee, the PSNI's lead on rural and wildlife crime, said police took the issue seriously.
"Agriculture crime represented 1.8% of all burglary, robbery and theft offences, compared with 1.5% during the previous 12 months," he said.
"However this does not diminish the impact these type of crimes have on a rural business, family and community, and we are very mindful of that. It often severely impacts a farm business."
New video clips from a student who was in the Warsaw, NC Waffle House the night Anthony Wall was choked and slammed to the ground by police officer Frank Moss shows what happened inside the restaurant that led to the violent arrest on May 5, 2018.
Chelsea want Diego Costa to end his exile, return to London and prove his fitness.
Costa has criticised Chelsea's treatment of him this summer, saying he is "not a criminal", and said he is prepared to remain in exile for a year as he agitates for a return to Atletico Madrid.
But it is understood that Chelsea want Costa, as a player with two years remaining on his contract, to return to the club.
The Blues also expect the Brazil-born Spain striker to prove his fitness and make himself available for selection, even though he is no longer in head coach Antonio Conte's plans.
After being granted an additional week of leave and missing the pre-season tour to Asia, Costa is still to return to London around two weeks after his anticipated arrival.
Costa, speaking at his family home in Lagarto, Brazil, said he has not reported for training as he does not want to train with the Blues' reserves, and is happy staying in Brazil and paying club fines until his future is resolved.
He told The Daily Mail: "They gave me a week extra off but since then it's fines all the way. They want me training with the reserves. I am not going to do that.
"I am not a criminal and I am not in the wrong here. So, if they need to fine me, let them fine me."
Chelsea do not have a reserve team, only age-group sides, and Costa has been given no indication that he would be expected to train with them.
Costa joined Chelsea from Atletico in July 2014. He has twice won the Premier League title during his three years at Stamford Bridge and scored 59 goals in 120 appearances.
The 28-year-old claims he was told he was not wanted by head coach Antonio Conte by text message in the summer and the frontman wishes to return to Atletico.
The Blues declined to respond to Costa's comments.
Chelsea and Conte have previously insisted the decision for Costa to leave this summer was made in January, with both the player and his agent, Jorge Mendes, aware.
Costa only wants to move to Atletico, who are under a transfer embargo and cannot register new players until January.
In Costa's absence, the Blues lost 3-2 to Burnley on Saturday's opening day of the Premier League season.
CARACAS, Venezuela — A chief strategist of Venezuela's government-backed cryptocurrency is a former US congressional intern who once organized protests against the same socialist administration he's now helping to circumvent US financial sanctions.
Gabriel Jimenez, 27, was catapulted to something of tech stardom in Venezuela last month when he stood alongside President Nicolas Maduro and two Russian businessmen on national TV signing a contract to position the petro, as the fledgling currency is known, among international investors.
“It's a company founded and led by young Venezuelan geniuses, boys and girls of Venezuela, who have one of the most technologically advanced blockchain companies in the world,” a beaming Maduro said at the petro's unveiling, referring to Jimenez's company, The Social Us.
It was a remarkable reinvention for Jimenez.
Maduro has repeatedly hailed the petro as a way to “overcome the financial blockade” by the Trump administration that prevents his cash-strapped government from issuing new debt. But Jimenez until recently had been agitating for the very same actions to punish Venezuela's leader for jailing his opponents and destroying the oil-rich economy.
A lawyer by training who describes himself as an “innovation enthusiast,” Jimenez spent several years working at a Dominican Republic-based bank where his father was a top manager. The bank collapsed in 2014 and his father was among several Venezuelan executives charged by the Caribbean nation with defrauding depositors of $30 million.
After college Jimenez also started traveling to the US for English and summer graduate classes at Harvard and George Mason Universities. In 2013, he started The Social Us, registering the company in Florida, as a webpage and app developer.
In 2014, Jimenez worked five months as an intern in Washington for Miami Republican Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, one of Maduro's fiercest critics. A handwritten survey he filled out upon being hired, a copy of which was provided by her office, listed in broken English that his goals for the internship were gaining “knowledge and experience about the defence of democracy.”
Colleagues remember him as a spirited anti-government crusader who helped organize a caravan, known as the Trip For Freedom, in which thousands of Venezuelan exiles traveled by bus to Washington to pressure the Obama administration to slap sanctions on Maduro's government. In photos of the event, he can be seen standing on a podium with Ros-Lehtinen at the Capitol addressing supporters in front of an American flag and photos of Venezuelan students allegedly tortured by security forces.
Now his former boss thinks he or anyone else behind the petro should be considered for sanctions too.
“Gabriel came to our office and said he wanted to learn how to support freedom and democracy,” Ros-Lehtinen said in a statement. “Instead, it appears he is using the freedoms that the United States provided him in order to help advance the Maduro regime's attempts to consolidate power and destroy Venezuela's democratic institutions. Those who work to support the Maduro regime and provide it a financial lifeline have chosen their lot and should expect to face the full consequences of turning against their people.”
Jimenez in an interview defended his work for the government as serving a greater, non-political purpose: to empower Venezuelans struggling to feed themselves amid four-digit inflation.
He said his work on what would become the petro began when he returned to Venezuela in 2015 and banded together with other tech entrepreneurs to design a digital currency. The group then looked to partner with the government in the hopes of bringing Venezuelans' underground trading in cryptocurrencies out from the shadows and into legal circulation. At the time, bitcoin miners faced the threat of arrest or extortion by government agents.
If the petro takes off, he says, Venezuelans will be able to freely exchange their worthless bolivars for a more stable currency, giving them a chance to raise capital and save. Currently the only way for the majority of Venezuelans to get around strict currency controls imposed in 2003 is to buy hard currency in the illegal black market.
“This is about providing oxygen to people, not a government,” Jimenez said in an interview at the bustling Caracas office of The Social Us, where a dozen young programmers scrawled code in pink markers on glass windows overlooking a verdant valley and busily designed promotional materials for the petro.
It's a trade-off that many in Venezuela's burgeoning blockchain community – almost all of them ideologically opposed to the government – are willing to accept.
Still, there's no denying the government will be the first and perhaps biggest beneficiary.
This month, Maduro said the government had received commitments from investors to purchase $5 billion worth of the cryptocurrency during the pre-sale phase that culminates this week. If those materialize into actual sales, it would be a windfall equivalent to more than half of Venezuela's dollar reserves – money the government is desperately clutching onto as it juggles re-paying billions in defaulted bonds while trying to eradicate widespread shortages.
However, members of the US Congress are pushing for a robust response, fearing that other nations under US sanctions such as Iran and Russia could emulate Venezuela's example, or that the petro could be used by criminal networks or corrupt officials to launder money.
Of the two Russians who also signed agreements with the government to help develop the petro one, Denis Druzhkov, CEO of a company called Zeus Trading, was fined $31,000 and barred from trading for three years by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange for fraudulent trading in futures' contracts. The other, Fedor Bogorodskiy, lives in Uruguay and was described by the government as director of a company, Aerotrading, whose website consists of a single home page with no company information.
Neither would comment on their work with the Venezuelan government. But in response to the request for comment, an email signed by “Zeus Team” said that Druzkhov had been invited to Venezuela as an expert and Zeus is not working on the project. It also said that as part of Druzhkov's settlement with the Mercantile Exchange in 2014, he did not admit to any rule violations.
Sens. Bill Nelson and Marco Rubio of Florida and Bob Menendez of New Jersey are calling on the Treasury Department, which is responsible for enforcing sanctions, to combat use of the petro so it's not used to circumvent a ban against Americans lending money to Maduro's government.
The Treasury Department said in January that the petro would appear to an extension of credit to Venezuela and warned all US persons that “deal” in the digital currency may risk falling afoul of US sanctions.
Jimenez, whose preference for sneakers and jeans exude a sort of nerd aesthetic not unlike his entrepreneurial role models in Silicon Valley, said he never intended to help circumvent US sanctions. He also argues that the petro – a financial product that doesn't generate interest or have a payback schedule like a bond – doesn't qualify as the sort of debt instrument the Trump administration is targeting.
Instead, he talks of “democratizing” access to global financial system for struggling entrepreneurs and decentralizing Venezuela's government-run foreign exchange system, which many blame for the economy's depressed state.
“We can't just sit here with our arms crossed, with all that we, our friends and our family are going through,” he said. “Doing nothing would be irresponsible.”
Sanders said Tuesday that Trump will be with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on June 7, another signal that a summit is a possibility.
Trump also moved to delay putting in place new tougher sanctions against North Korea, which were set to be implemented Tuesday, after the administration saw progress in the ongoing dialogue between the two countries over the weekend, according to The Wall Street Journal, which cited a U.S. official with knowledge of the talks.
The president announced in a tweet on Tuesday that Kim Yong Chol, one of Kim Jong-un's top lieutenants, is slated to arrive in New York as talks to revive a summit are underway.
"We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit, and more," Trump tweeted Tuesday. "Kim Young (sic) Chol, the Vice Chairman of North Korea, heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter, thank you!"
On Sunday a U.S. delegation led by U.S. Ambassador Sung Kim met with North Korean officials in the truce village of Panmunjom to "make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong-un and myself," the president tweeted that day, adding that North Korea "has brilliant potential" and a summit "will happen!"
South Korea president Moon Jae-in also had a surprise meeting Saturday with Kim in Panmunjom, according to The Associated Press. He said Kim was committed to meeting with Trump and to a "complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula."
Yonhap, a South Korean news agency, reported that there was a possibility that Moon could travel to Singapore within the next month to mediate a three-way summit with Trump and Kim, depending on the success of the talks between the U.S. and North Korea. The trip would likely be made around the original June 12 meeting, according to an unnamed official who spoke to Yonhap.
Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser to the president, told Fox News on Tuesday that the American delegation is "making the diplomatic preparations" for a June 12 meeting.
Conway credited the letter Trump sent last week announcing the cancellation of the summit for getting the "kinetic energy going."
"But, as the president says, if it doesn't happen June 12 then it could happen thereafter," Conway said. "Let's see what happens, as the president says. If he's satisfied it would go forward."
Aidan Turner's Cornish Captain is set to make a dramatic return to TV – but will George Warleggan's cruel reprisals break him?
Ross Poldark will have a LOT to worry about in the first episode of Poldark series four, if these first look images are anything to go by.
Advertisement
The Cornish captain is still struggling to come to terms with his wife's infidelity while watching the people around him suffer at the hands of Truro MP George Warleggan.
It all could have been very different if Ross had accepted the nomination and run for a seat in Westminster himself. But when things take a turn for the worse in Truro, will he be able to take action?
Meanwhile, there's drama for Morwenna, big questions for Dwight and Caroline, and Elizabeth's determined to keep her husband happy.
But don't just take our word for it – check out the new images from episode one and see for yourself.
Advertisement
Poldark returns Sunday 10th June at 9pm on BBC1
I was finishing outside Christmas lights when I received a text. I told Nan about it.
“I think Don Gammill has died.”
“Oh no, he was such a good man,” she said.
Then on Sunday, the morning before Don's funeral, I noticed a boldface headline on the obituary page of The Oklahoman. It simply said, “Korean War Veteran.” I then saw the name, “Ernest J. Schultz, Jr.”
In one week, two of Oklahoma's outstanding journalists had died: Ernie Schultz and Don.
I knew Don much better than Ernie. As The Oklahoman's state editor, he sat across from me for years in the office tower near the Broadway Extension. Don was a storyteller and a character who sometimes told “fart” jokes, as was stated in his online obituary, but who was always talking about his family or worrying about his employees, or both. I told Becky, his wife of 43 years, that Don brought his family to work with him in his stories. Those included how proud that his son, Bryan, had become a pilot.
In reading comments on his Facebook page, I found I wasn't the only one who thought highly of Don. Former co-workers called him an “amazing man and mentor,” “stellar man,” “great guy,” “funny, kind and sincere,” “wonderful man and journalist,” “one of the good guys,” “one of the best,” “true professional” and a “great man.” He would have been humbled by the superlatives expressed about him.
Ernie Schultz was humble, too. I grew up admiring his work at WKY-TV. He was in the era of the great broadcast journalists with names such as Ogle, Barry, Tomek and Dotson. He hired Pam Henry, the first woman in the market and another great broadcast journalist. He was a pilot known for flying his two-seater Mooney to report on stories and then on the return trip tossing the film case tied between two pillows out of the window to someone waiting on the ground at WKY's studio.
“I worked for some excellent people, but Ernie is right up at the top. I learned ethics from Ernie,” one of those names, longtime journalist George Tomek Jr., told me. “There are a lot of egos … a lot of jerks out there. He was not a jerk. He was highly principled. He upheld his principles and integrity.”
Despite Schultz's stellar career and induction into the Oklahoma Journalism Hall of Fame, his obit was noticeably understated. It said he had been married to his “true love,” Teddy, for 64½ years and how he was a proud father.
“Ernie was a gifted yet humble man who, despite a lengthy and accomplished career in television news, shied away from the limelight.”
I found that when I met him for the first time. After a bookstore signing, I noticed an older man standing in the background by himself. I soon realized who it was. I introduced myself and was surprised when Schultz told me he knew who I was. We talked for about 20 minutes. He expressed concern about issues in broadcast journalism and the continuing decline of print newspapers. A short time later, I had lunch with Don. We talked about the same things. I tried to reassure both that I thought journalism is not dying but taking on new forms, some of which I worry about myself.
I'm sad we have lost two respected journalists. Two good men. But many more good men and women with ethics, principles and integrity are still working today in journalism.
In these times, we must remember that.
Joe Hight is a Pulitzer Prize-winning and Oklahoma Journalism Hall of Fame editor who is the journalism ethics chair at the University of Central Oklahoma, director of the Oklahoma Journalism Hall of Fame and president of Best of Books.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Despite the recent pair of fatal crashes involving self-driving cars, there's wide agreement that autonomous vehicles will sharply reduce the number of people who die in motor vehicle accidents. In the U.S. alone, traffic accidents claim more than 30,000 lives a year; experts say that by the middle of this century, that toll could fall by up to 90 percent.
Eventually, driverless cars will take human motorists out of the equation entirely. When that happens, fewer traffic fatalities will be only the most obvious consequence. Because automobiles are so central to our society and national economy — and so much a part of everyday life — the switch to autonomous vehicles is likely to alter our lives in strange and remarkable ways.
“I think we're going to be really surprised by how many things change,” says Dr. Chris Gerdes, director of the Center for Automotive Research at Stanford University.
Here's a peek at what a future filled with driverless cars could look like.
1. We'll be less likely to own a car
Driverless cars may not end America's long-running love affair with the automobile. But with fleets of autonomous vehicles offering low-cost, convenient transportation that can be summoned in minutes, fewer people may want to shell out tens of thousands of dollars to own and maintain their own vehicle.
“We're moving to a future where people don't own cars,” says Dr. Daniel Sperling, director of the Institute of Transportation Studies at the University of California, Davis. “You'll have a subscription service, maybe, that emphasizes smaller vehicles, or you might want a cheaper service where it's a van,” he adds.
In this photo taken on May 14, 2014, a row of Google self-driving cars are shown outside the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California. Eric Risberg / AP
Dr. Alain Kornhauser, director of the program in transportation at Princeton University, says privately owned cars are unlikely to vanish completely — especially in rural areas, where it might prove inconvenient to wait for a driverless taxi to show up. Still, he says, the number of people who own cars — and the number of cars owned per family — will drop sharply.
2. Urban centers will evolve
Driverless cars will bring big changes to city infrastructure. “We've made the world rather unfriendly for people who are walking and biking; cars have essentially won,” Gerdes says. But driverless cars could put the focus back on pedestrians, he says.
Since driverless cars will move with greater precision than human-driven vehicles, streets could be narrower, with more space set aside for pedestrians and cyclists, according to a report issued last fall by the National Association of City Transportation Officials.
Crossing the street may be easier, too. With driverless cars watching out for pedestrians, people may be able to “cross the streets where it makes sense, rather than trek a mile to the nearest stoplight,” Mollie Pelon, the organization's technology and city transportation program manager, told Wired.
Driverless cars will also make for safer intersections, and perhaps even do away with traffic lights, which, of course, came about before cars themselves knew how to avoid collisions.
And with more cars spending more of their time on the road rather than parked, there will be less need for parking lots and parking garages, Kornhauser says. That could free up space for other uses, including parks.
3. Businesses will come to us
The same technologies used in driverless cars will also show up in vans and trucks — vehicles large enough to be used as mobile offices, stores, and the like. So rather than having customers come to their locations, retailers and other businesses may start taking their goods and services directly to customers, Gerdes says.
Imagine ordering up a gym that drives to you and parks in your driveway for an hour or two before moving on to the next customer. Gerdes thinks mobile gyms are a possibility, along with mobile clothing stores stocked with apparel and equipped with dressing rooms. “You could try on a bunch of things you had requested, see what size works for you, and then the rest of it simply leaves at the end of your session,” he says.
A Santa Clara, California-based startup called Robomart aims to send on-demand mobile grocery stores to customers, and Toyota recently unveiled plans for a driverless vehicle that could deliver packages or serve as a mobile office or hotel room.
4. More people will be able to live independently
Driverless cars promise to transform the lives of people who have trouble getting around because of illness, old age, or disability. For “all those folks, this is basically a dream come true,” Kornhauser says of a world in which driverless cars are ubiquitous.
Paratransit services are now available, of course, but not in all areas. And conventional taxicabs can be costly and often can't accommodate wheelchairs, Dr. Srikanth Saripalli, an associate professor of mechanical engineering at Texas A&M University, wrote in a recent article.
The Waymo driverless car is displayed during a Google event on Dec. 13, 2016, in San Francisco. Eric Risberg / AP file
Saripalli envisions driverless shuttles scanning their surroundings with lasers, cameras, and radar to find the easiest place for a passenger to board. And Waymo, the autonomous car subsidiary of Google's parent company, Alphabet, is testing buttons with Braille and other tools designed to make it easy for visually impaired people to use driverless cars.
5. Donor organs could be in short supply
About 13 percent of the organs made available for donation in recent years came from people who died in car crashes, according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. When driverless cars are the norm and few people are dying on the road, there may be a shortage of hearts, livers, and other donor organs.
But help may be on the way. From harvesting donor organs from pigs to growing organs in the lab to developing better ways to transport organs over long distances, scientists are working on ways to close the gap.
6. People will rethink their living arrangements
It's no secret that commuting to work by car is stressful, especially over long distances or in heavy traffic. But once commuters are no longer required to drive and are able instead to read, sleep, or simply relax on their way to and from work, even long commutes may seem acceptable, researchers from the MIT Center for Real Estate predicted in a 2017 report on trends in real estate in the U.S.
And so some workers may choose to live farther away from their places of work — decamping to distant suburbs or even to rural areas.
But given that urban centers will become more livable, the report states that other workers will choose to skip suburbia and instead move into city centers — where they could walk or bike to work.
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Investors seem certain about this: The Federal Reserve is going to raise interest rates this week for the third time this year.
They're less sure about what the central bank might have in store for 2018, and they will look to Janet Yellen's final news conference as Fed chair Wednesday for any clues.
Will the Fed's policymaking change once Yellen steps down in February and is succeeded by Jerome Powell? Powell was a Yellen ally who backed her cautious stance toward rate hikes in his five years on the Fed's board. Yet no one can know how his leadership or rate policy might depart from hers.
What's more, Powell will be joined by several new Fed board members who, like him, are being chosen by President Donald Trump. Some analysts say they think that while Powell might not deviate much from Yellen's rate policy, he and the new board members will adopt a looser approach to the regulation of the banking system.
Most analysts have said they think the still-strengthening U.S. economy will lead the Fed to raise rates three more times next year. A few, though, have held out the possibility that a Powell-led Fed will be compelled to step up the pace of rate hikes as inflation finally picks up and the economy, perhaps helped by the Republican tax cuts, begins accelerating.
"While the Fed has been indicating that they will hike rates another three times in 2018, I think Powell will depart from that forecast and the Fed will end up hiking rates four times," said David Jones, chief economist at DMJ Advisors. "That is based on the added growth that will come from the tax cuts."
At his Senate confirmation hearing last month, Powell impressed his listeners as an evenhanded moderate who favored the kind of incremental stance on rate hikes that both Yellen and her predecessor, Ben Bernanke, embraced. The committee approved Powell's nomination and sent it to the full Senate, where his confirmation is considered certain.
Besides Powell, Trump has so far chosen two new members for the seven-member board. And he has the opening to nominate three more, including a Fed vice chair. In his view of the Fed, Trump has made clear that he favors low rates. But he has also expressed a desire to pull back on many of the regulations that were imposed on banks after the 2008 financial crisis. Trump and many Republicans argue that those regulations are too burdensome, especially for smaller banks.
It was in the midst of the 2008 crisis that the Fed cut its key rate to a record low near zero and left it there for seven years. Eventually under Yellen, the Fed responded to a steadily improving job market and economy by modestly raising the rate — in December 2015, in December 2016 and twice this year. Since June, the policymakers have left rates alone while puzzling over why inflation has slipped farther below their 2 percent annual target.
The widespread expectation that the Fed will raise rates three additional times next year — possibly causing higher rates on some consumer and business loans — comes from the Fed's so-called "dot plot." The dot plot, updated quarterly, displays the anonymous projections of individual Fed officials for the path of their benchmark rate as well as for inflation and economic growth. The dot plot, which the Fed will update when its policy meeting ends Wednesday, most recently showed an expectation of three rate increases in 2018.
In updating its projections, it's possible the Fed will take account of the likelihood that Congress will pass tax cuts and perhaps cause the economy to accelerate next year. In its latest survey, SIFMA, a lobbying group for the U.S. securities industry, found that 41 percent of its respondents foresee three rate hikes next year, 38 percent foresee two hikes and 17 percent expect four.
Brett Ryan, senior U.S. economist at Deutsche Bank Securities and chairman of SIFMA's economic advisory group, said his personal forecast was for four hikes because of the boost he expects from tax cuts.
"While the tax package is not a game changer, it does add more confidence that the Fed can keep going" with its rate increases, Ryan said.
He suggested, too, that the Fed's evolving committee of board members and regional bank presidents who set rates will tilt slightly toward "hawkish" officials — those who tend to worry more about the threat of higher inflation than about the need to further increase employment.
On Wednesday, at her final news conference as Fed chair, Yellen may feel at liberty to go further than usual in illuminating the Fed's outlook for the coming months.
"I would expect her to be more vocal about her beliefs," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University, Channel Islands. "This could be one of the more interesting press conferences she has given."
Others said they would be surprised if Yellen diverts from her usual cautious demeanor.
"Yellen gets to do a victory lap: She is going out with low unemployment and stronger growth," said Diane Swonk, chief economist at DS Economics. "But with just one month to go in her term, she doesn't want to do anything to undermine Jay Powell."
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – A fire broke out at Citi Field Wednesday afternoon.
A concession stand burst into flames behind locked gates.
Video shows smoke wafting out of the stadium.
Stadium sprinklers kicked in and knocked out a fire.
Unsure what happened but I heard a loud blast at Citi Field and then saw smoke and this fire. Hoping for everyone's safety. pic.twitter.com/I3w1YWjfVn — Daniel Mosher (@DanielMosherNY) May 30, 2018
The cause of the fire is under investigation.
“The fire in the Jackie Robinson Rotunda this afternoon was in a contained area and extinguished by the fire suppression system prior to the arrival of the fire department,” the Mets said in a statement. “There was minimal damage which was non-structural and only the immediate affected area was evacuated. Nobody was in the Rotunda at the time and no one was hurt.”
One day, back in the mid 1960s, a young mother named Elaine Lobl Konigsburg was strolling through the Metropolitan Museum of Art when she noticed something strange: a piece of popcorn sitting on a blue satin chair in one of the 18th-century rooms.
“No one could have gotten past the velvet rope to where that popcorn was,” the author's son Paul told The Post. “My mom and sister wondered whether it was a guard that left it — or if someone was sleeping there.”
That kernel would inspire Konigsburg's classic children's book “From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler,” about two young siblings who run away from home and camp out at the Met. “Files” turns 50 this year, and while Konigsburg passed away in 2013, her children remember the creation of the book as if it were yesterday.
When their mom — who wrote as E. L. Konigsburg — was working on the book, “We would come home from school for lunch and she would read us a chapter or two,” said middle child Laurie, now 60. “She wanted to see if we laughed.”
The Konigsburgs lived in Port Chester, just north of the city. Every Saturday, Elaine — an ex-chemist and art enthusiast — would take the train into Manhattan, dropping her kids off at the Met before going to a drawing class and later joining them.
Konigsburg knew exactly the type who would try sneaking into the Met and leave a piece of popcorn lying around: her urbane kids, who had complained about the crawling ants and melting food during a picnic at Wyoming's Yellowstone National Park.
“If any of us decided to run away from home, it would be to some place nicer,” said Paul.
Konigsburg illustrated “Files,” too, and used Laurie and youngest son Ross as visual inspiration for the runaways Claudia and Jamie.
“She would tell us where to stand and what our expression should be and then take Polaroid pictures and draw from them,” said Laurie.
“Files” was one of two manuscripts Konigsburg, a brand-new author, submitted to publishers. Amazingly, both were picked up by Atheneum Books and released in 1967. “Files” ended up winning the 1968 Newbery Medal, the country's highest honor in children's literature, while the second book, “Jennifer, Hecate, Macbeth, William McKinley, and Me, Elizabeth,” was a runner-up. No one else has accomplished that double honor to this day.
Konigsburg went on to write 20 kids' books, including “The View From Saturday,” which won her another Newbery medal, in 1997.
Fifty years later, “Files” remains a perennial favorite. A representative from the Met told The Post the museum still receives weekly letters about it from children across the country.
“We viewed it sometimes as an imposition on our time,” Laurie admitted of the myriad Polaroid sessions. “But looking back, it was a wonderful experience.”
What we call insects that glow at night
Josh Katz
Some words are like out-of-state license plates—they're dead giveaways that you're not from around here. Just try rhyming aunt with can't in parts of the Northeast or Upper Midwest (you cahn't) or ordering a sub in Philadelphia, the epicenter of hoagie country. Not convinced? Check out this list of 13 foods that have totally different regional names . In recent years, linguists have pondered whether the homogenizing effects of TV, film, and the Internet have begun to eliminate many so-called regionalisms. To find out, I surveyed Americans about how we talk. The good news, based on the 350,000 responses received: American English shows no sign of disappearing. So slip off your sneakers (more on that later), grab a soft drink (ditto), and let's take a tour of Americanisms. (Find out if you're like the rest of us and mispronounce these common words , too.)
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Americans have become indoor animals. On average, we spend about 90 percent of our time inside buildings and cars. When we venture outside, we're often so glued to our smartphones that we're oblivious to the natural world.
That's probably not a good thing. Growing evidence suggests that interacting with nature makes people happier and healthier. Surgical patients go home sooner if their hospital rooms have a view outside, for example. A walk in the park can boost the concentration of children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. And spending time in a forest has been shown to lower stress levels and blood pressure while boosting immune function.
For those of us disinclined to spend time outdoors — or unable to because we work long hours in hermetically sealed offices — an emerging architectural movement called biophilic design aims to incorporate a bit of nature into our buildings. Perhaps ironically, the trend has been embraced by some of the same tech giants whose products have helped fuel our nature-shunning addiction to technology.
In downtown Seattle, Amazon's new office features three glass-and-steel domes, dubbed the Spheres, that cover a cloud forest of more than 40,000 plants. Twenty-five minutes to the east, treehouses have sprouted on Microsoft's suburban Redmond, Wash., campus. A nine-acre rooftop park adorns Facebook's Menlo Park, Calif., headquarters, not far from Apple's new spaceship-like building in Cupertino that surrounds a 30-acre park, orchard, and pond.
More than 40,000 plants, most from cloud forest ecosystems, live within Amazon's Spheres in Seattle. Jordan Stead / Amazon
“The first step is, ‘Why don't we just go outside? The second step is, ‘We'll just bring some trees inside,'” said Amanda Sturgeon, a biophilic design expert and CEO of the International Living Future Institute, a Seattle-based nonprofit that encourages sustainable practices. “We're trying to go to the place after that — which is, ‘What could we learn from what makes us love being outside and incorporate it into the design of our buildings?'”
In 2016, Sturgeon and like-minded architects, builders, and researchers banded together to form the Biophilic Design Initiative to help move the fledgling movement into the mainstream. She and other green building experts welcome the tech companies' new office spaces as high-profile examples of nature-friendly design and evidence that employers may be doing a better job of prioritizing employees' well-being.
Office buildings as test beds
With tens of thousands of employees between them, the companies' new workspaces could also serve as test beds for biophilic strategies — helping them find their way not only into office buildings but also into schools, homes, and other indoor spaces.
Cities themselves may be catching the biophilia bug, Richard Louv, author of "Last Child in the Woods" and an expert on the relationship between nature and health, told NBC News MACH in an email. A nonprofit group called Biophilic Cities is trying to expand urban connections to nature, for example, while some cities are erecting environmentally friendly “plyscrapers” made mostly of wood.
Large windows maximize daylight and views at Seattle's Bullitt Center, which houses the International Living Future Institute and other office spaces. Benjamin Benschneider / Bullitt Center
Microsoft has cited the science of biophilia and employees' desire to work outside more than key factors in its decision to build treehouse meeting spaces and parklike “outdoor districts.” In an email to MACH, Ben Eiben, Amazon's horticulture program manager, likewise pointed to the health benefits of green spaces as an impetus for the company's building project.
“The Spheres are a result of innovative thinking about the character of a workplace and an extended conversation about what is typically missing from an urban office — a direct link to nature,” he said. The space was created, in part, to help employees “innovate, create, or simply recharge while being immersed in space that's more like a forest in the clouds than an office,” he added.
Experimenting with new designs
Bill Browning, a partner at the New York City-based environmental consulting firm Terrapin Bright Green, said research has helped advance biophilic design by showing how different features support different psychological or physiological outcomes. He helped develop what he calls 14 patterns of biophilic design — each supported by documented benefits related to stress, cognitive performance, and mood.
Breezes created by ventilation systems can keep people alert, for example. And paths meandering through building interiors or adjacent gardens can encourage curiosity among workers, he said, while water features help lower stress and blood pressure.
Employees sit on cocoon-like chairs at Etsy's office in Brooklyn Emily Andrews / Etsy
Google is an acknowledged leader in experimenting with biophilic design to boost employee productivity and satisfaction. Browning, whose consulting firm has worked on the tech giant's building portfolio, declined to detail specific Google projects. But he said he was helping the company develop science-based metrics that it will eventually apply to its buildings and campuses worldwide.
In its workspaces in Austin, Texas, Pittsburgh, and elsewhere, Google has measured the amount of natural light its employees receive and tested biophilic elements ranging from plants, terraces, and water features to organic patterns in carpeting. In Google's Chicago office, employees can access sunshine-simulating full-spectrum light by adjusting the color temperature of task lights. Studies link sunlight to elevated mood and reduced stress, among other benefits.
Meanwhile, Amazon's Spheres automatically adjust the level of artificial light to supplement natural light as needed throughout the day. Other designers are developing lights that mimic the shifting color and intensity of daylight — from the brilliant white of the noonday sun to the warmer hues of sunrise and sunset — to match our circadian rhythms.
Preliminary studies suggest that such circadian lighting systems boost employees' alertness, productivity, and sleep patterns.
Real and simulated nature
Expansive green roofs and walls are popping up in many new biophilic office buildings as well. Amazon's Spheres, for example, feature “living walls” adorned with 200 plant species, including one that rises 60 feet.
In 2017, Santa Cruz, Calif.-based Plantronics unveiled its “Habitat Soundscaping” technology that uses the sounds of water and natural scenes projected onto walls or ceilings to provide relief from noisy or distracting workplaces. The biophilic system can be designed to kick in automatically when open office spaces become too loud.
“Most of our brain processing is focused on sight, but if we can experience something with more than one sense, then the impact is definitely stronger,” Browning said. Even sounds, smells, and textures inspired by nature can enhance wellbeing, though not quite as much as the real thing.
Louv praised the tech companies' efforts to aid their workers through better buildings but cautioned that they're only a start. “The challenge,” he said, “will be to make sure biophilic design isn't just something for elite technologists living in green bubbles.”
Over on Twitter, semiconductor industry veteran Dick James with Siliconics recently posted the following thought-provoking Tweet, in which he comments onTaiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company‘s (NYSE: TSM) 10nm chip manufacturing technology ramp-up plans:
Continue Reading Below
Fast Q3 10nm ramp for Oct iPhone launch? Sounds a bit tight, will A11 chip be 16FF+? Seems to early for N12.. Dick James (@Siliconicsdick) April 16, 2017
Although the fact that TSMC expects a “very fast” production ramp of its 10nm technology in the second half of 2017 (i.e. beginning in the third quarter) might make it seem, as James notes, that this might be too late to hitApple‘s (NASDAQ: AAPL) iPhone 7s/7s+/8 production schedule, I don't think it is. Here's why.
Image source: Intel.
Squaring the timing
If TSMC onlystartedmass production of chips using its 10nm technology in the third quarter, then there would be absolutely no chance that Apple's A11 chip would be built using TSMC's 10nm technology. It usually takes three months (possibly longer) to fully process a silicon wafer, with additional time required to package and test those chips, ship those chips to customers (in this case, Apple's contract manufacturers), and then integrate those chips into devices, like Apple's iPhone.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
However, I believe that TSMC is talking about arevenueramp up in this case. To dig deeper into this, we need to understand how TSMC recognizes revenue — a fact that we can find in the chip-maker's the most recent form 20-F filing.
TSMC says that it recognizes revenue “when the goods are delivered and titles have passed.” It goes on to list a set of conditions that it needs to meet to recognize revenue, which I've reproduced below for the sake of convenience:
We have transferred to the buyer the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods;
We retain neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with ownership nor effective control over the goods sold;
The amount of revenue can be measured reliably;
It is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to us; and
The costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the transaction can be measured reliably.
In other words, TSMC likely doesn't report revenue from a wafer sale until Apple (or, more likely, its contract manufacturer(s)) have at least gotten ahold of the finished wafer, if not processed, packaged, and tested chips from said wafer.
So, if TSMC begins production on the A11 this month, then finished chips bound for this fall's iPhone models should be ready to go in July or August, which is around when mass production of the next iPhone is expected to begin.
From a timing perspective, 10nm should be good to go for the next generation iPhones.
Beyond just timing
The timing appears to work, but that's not the only reason that I'm confident that the next iPhone models will have 10nm-based processors.
TSMC says that it expects that 10% of its entire 2017 revenues will come from sales of 10nm wafers. The only customers that could contribute this kind of volume and revenue in such a short amount of time areApple and potentiallyQualcomm(NASDAQ: QCOM), and we already know that Qualcomm isn't using TSMC to build 10nm chips.
Beyond that, though, there are good technical reasons for Apple to move to the 10nm technology. Simply put, Apple is already shipping large chips (the A10 is about 125 square millimeters in size in TSMC's 16nm tech).
If Apple wants to dramatically increase the features and functionality that it integrates into its A11 chip, it needs to throw in more transistors, which balloons chip size (the A10 is already quite large for a mobile chip). The move to 10nm technology should allow Apple to cram in much more functionality while keeping chip size in check.
All told, I'm very confident that this year's Apple A11 chip will be manufactured on TSMC's 10nm technology, not its older 16nm technology.
10 stocks we like better than Apple
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Apple wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Qualcomm, and Twitter. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
More motorists are charged with drink-driving in largely rural areas, an investigation suggests.
Figures obtained by the Press Association indicate Lincolnshire prosecutes the most per population, followed by North Wales, Warwickshire, Dyfed-Powys and North Yorkshire.
The results, based on Freedom of Information requests, prompted calls for better public transport in rural areas and warnings to anyone tempted to drink and drive over the festive period.
A total of 31 forces out of 45 provided figures over a 12 month period to May 2017.
The results showed that Lincolnshire charged 1,035 motorists, 14 per 10,000 population.
North Wales Police was second with 11.2 charges per 10,000 followed by Warwickshire Police with 10.5, Dyfed-Powys with 9.5 and North Yorkshire with 9.2.
In the North East, Cleveland had the highest rate after charging 484 motorists - or 8.61 per 10,000 population.
Cumbria was 421 (8.45), Northumbria 1,003 (6.98) and Durham 389 (6.22).
Police Scotland had the highest overall total, at 3,797.
But the force covers the biggest area and the second largest population, and has a lower legal limit than the rest of the UK - 22 micrograms per 100ml of breath, compared to 35 micrograms.
Chief Superintendent Stewart Carle, Police Scotland's road policing lead, said the trend is actually downwards.
AA president Edmund King said the figures could relate to poorer public transport.
He added: "It could also be down to more targeted police enforcement, but whatever the reasons, there is no excuse for drink-driving."
The figures come with the annual crackdown on drink-driving over the festive period under way.
Separate figures published last week by the Institute of Alcohol Studies suggested the number of breath tests carried out on England's roads has fallen by 27% in five years as forces cut traffic officer numbers.
Jason Wakeford, director of campaigns for road safety charity Brake, said: "Drink-driving remains one of the biggest killers on our roads, causing devastation to families up and down the country.
"It is essential that police forces are provided with the resources they require to crack down on drink-drivers throughout the year."
Henrik Lundqvist 'best player on the ice' as Rangers steal one GLENDALE, Ariz. — Understandable that the Rangers didn't want to be overly critical on a night when they rode Henrik Lundqvist in a Wild West capper, stealing two points in...
Former Rangers phenom wants out of the desert Anthony Duclair once looked like a future cornerstone for the Rangers. Now he's struggling to earn ice time for the worst team in the NHL and wants a fresh start....
Rangers whip lowly Coyotes on night Stepan returns to MSG This can be looked at two ways. First, the Rangers beat the worst team in the league, a winless group of young players, so whoop-de-doo. Or, secondly, the struggling Rangers...
Gary Bettman's ugly arena greed meets its match in Calgary In this time of high political debate in our country, here is one thing I can fully stand behind from our neighbors — or neighbours? — to the north. The...
Keith Yandle's long-term future with the Rangers no sure thing A glimpse of The Duke in the Desert Saturday night was all that is required to understand the Rangers are likely to rue trading Anthony Duclair to the Coyotes the...
Rangers capture fifth straight behind stellar Antti Raanta GLENDALE, Ariz. — It is beginning to come into focus for the Rangers, who, after an opening month through which they were able to win consistently despite not playing up...
24 reasons the NHL is awesome right now Take a small step backward, and you know what I see? I see a NHL that is very, very healthy. It's fewer than 10 games into the season, but it...
Rangers surge to 113-point pace, even if something's amiss This slow start to the season in which the Rangers haven't been able to create a whole lot of traction has produced a 5-2-1 record that, by the way, translates...
How Anthony Duclair found joy after Rangers 'shock' wore off Anthony Duclair used one word to describe his state of mind upon learning he had been traded by the Rangers to the Coyotes March 1 as part of the pricey...
Nebraska U.S. Republican Senator, Deb Fischer, Friday filed for re-election with the Nebraska Secretary of State. Fischer was first elected to the U.S. Senate in 2012 and serves on the following committees: Armed Services; Agriculture; Environment and Public Works; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; Aging; and Rules. In a prepared statement, Senator Fischer said, “Six years ago, I promised I would stand tall for our shared values and build relationships with my colleagues to get things done. I am proud to have worked every single day to keep that promise. Together, we have fought to keep our communities strong and promote prosperity for Nebraska families. I look forward to running on that record,” Fischer said.
‘America's Got Talent' producer, NBCU sued for wrongful death of wheelchair-bound woman In a 20-page complaint, the estate of Maureen Allen says her fall at the Pasadena Civic Auditorium “was a substantial factor in causing her death.”
Nick Cannon says quitting AGT was the best decision of his life “I think now people see I can't be bought, I will speak my mind and I will always be on the side of artists," he told us.
Katy Perry and Stevie Nicks think this teen singer is the next big thing Most aspiring singers dream of getting signed to a big label, rubbing shoulders with their idols and having millions of people see them perform. But when Grace VanderWaal lived out...
Heidi Klum is doing just fine as a single lady The single mom of four is estimated to have earned $21 million in the year starting June 2016.
This mentalist specializes in freaking out celebrities A dozen years ago, when Oz Pearlman worked in information technology for Merrill Lynch, he supplemented his Wall Street wages by doing magic tricks. Watching Pearlman turn five $1 bills...
Heidi Klum and Mel B bond amid breakups The single “America's Got Talent” stars spent a day at the beach in Malibu, Calif., together.
TV had a surprising number of ratings wins this summer It's been a particularly strong summer for traditional television — somewhat unusual for a prime-time landscape usually populated by forgettable burnoffs and repeats and increasingly infringed-upon by digital networks. With...
Mel B walks off 'AGT' after Simon jokes about her wedding night The former Spice Girl, who's going through a bitter split from alleged abuser Stephen Belafonte, poured her drink all over Cowell before leaving the panel.
MOSCOW — A car veered onto the sidewalk and struck people near a bus stop in the Russian city of Sochi, killing one pedestrian and injuring five others.
In a video shown by state news channel Russia-24, a black car travelling at high speed on a main street veers across two lanes of traffic and crashes into the pedestrians, then plows through a railing and collides with a car travelling on a cross-street.
News reports said preliminary information suggested the driver had fallen asleep at the wheel.
Wednesday's accident occurred in the Dagomys district of Sochi, one of the 11 cities hosting soccer World Cup matches.
(AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee, File). FILE - In this June 23, 2017, file photo, Miami Marlins' Giancarlo Stanton hits a home run in the third inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs in Miami. A person familiar with the negotiations says the New Yo...
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky, File). FILE - In this Aug. 14, 2017, file photo, Miami Marlins' Giancarlo Stanton stands on the field during a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants in Miami. A person familiar with the negotiations says the New York Y...
By RONALD BLUM
AP Baseball Writer
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) - Giancarlo Stanton eased his 6-foot-6 frame into a pinstriped No. 27 jersey, ready to join 6-foot-7 Aaron Judge as the Towers of Power on the resurgent New York Yankees.
"They're winners," Stanton said after his trade from the Miami Marlins to New York was finalized Monday. "They're young, and they're in a good position to win for a long time, and I lost for a long time. So I want to change that dynamic and be a winner."
New York sent second baseman Starlin Castro and a pair of minor leaguers to the Marlins for the NL MVP, also giving up right-hander Jorge Guzman and infielder Jose Devers. The Yankees became just the fourth team in big league history with the reigning home run champions in each league, joining Hank Greenberg and Ralph Kiner of the 1947 Pirates, Joe DiMaggio and Johnny Mize of the 1949 Yankees, and Mike Schmidt and Dick Allen of the 1975 Phillies.
Stanton joined a team that reached Game 7 of the AL Championship Series against Houston led by Judge and fellow young sluggers Gary Sanchez and Greg Bird. The Yankees expect top infield prospect Gleyber Torres to join the big league team next season.
"New York's a marquee town, and I think it's important to have some marquee players," Yankees owner Hal Steinbrenner said. "But more important than that, I think it's important to have veteran players that could be mentors for the young kids."
Stanton, a 28-year-old who like Judge plays right field, is owed $295 million over the final decade of his record $325 million, 13-year contract. The payroll-slashing Marlins, with new CEO and former Yankees star Derek Jeter presiding over the team's fourth roster purge in two decades, will send $30 million to the Yankees if Stanton doesn't exercise his right to opt out of the deal after the 2020 season: $5 million each on July 1 and Oct. 1 in 2026, 2027 and 2028. Under a change in baseball's new labor contract, that money will be prorated for the luxury tax and Stanton will count as $22 million annually.
"It's a win-win for both sides," Marlins president of baseball operations Michael Hill said. "Opportunity for him to start fresh, and an opportunity for us to gain needed flexibility."
Stanton led the majors with 59 home runs and 132 RBIs last season, and Judge was second in the majors with 52 homers. The daunting duo figures to create must-see BP, and new Yankees manager Aaron Boone isn't sure yet who will play right or left, figuring they also will see time at designated hitter.
"A 10-year commitment to any player, any position, should be a concern for the owner, without a doubt," Steinbrenner maintained, "but having say that, he's 28 and in great shape, and I think there's going to be many, many years."
Stanton's contract includes a no-trade provision, and last week he turned down prospective deals to St. Louis and San Francisco. He told the Marlins he was willing to accept trades only to the Yankees, his hometown Los Angeles Dodgers, the Astros and Chicago Cubs.
"I would have been putting it over the hump rather than jumping into a team already prepared to be there," he said.
He wore a light blue suit, white-and-blue herringbone-pattern dress shirt and black monk shoes, ready to talk business and baseball. Having grown up in Southern California, going to the Giants was a challenging concept.
"I wouldn't base a decision off that, but also I wouldn't want to go to a team that they disliked the most - and wasn't sure if they were going to beat that team, either," Stanton said.
New York hasn't had a losing record since 1992. The Marlins haven't had a winning season since Stanton made his big league debut in 2010.
"He spends his Octobers in Europe," said Stanton's agent, Joel Wolfe. "It was killing him."
Yankees general manager Brian Cashman spoke briefly with Hill about Stanton at last month's GM meetings but didn't move forward, wanting to save DH at-bats in case New York added Shohei Ohtani. But the Japanese pitcher/outfielder eliminated all East Coast teams in early December and talks with the Hill resumed.
"I felt maybe Wednesday of last week I thought it was not going to happen," Cashman said. "And then he re-engaged me Thursday."
By Thursday night, a tentative agreement was in place. Stanton said he would approve, but Wolfe told him to sleep on it.
"I told him I'm sleeping in, so if there's some deadline just go ahead and say yeah," Stanton said with a smile.
Boone began mulling lineups as soon as Cashman told him Thursday the trade was possible. Boone must decide whether to bat Judge, Stanton and Sanchez - all right-handed hitters - in a row, or mix in lefties Didi Gregorius or Greg Bird, or switch-hitting Aaron Hicks.
"Do we feel like we want one of those lefties breaking those three guys up? It's something that is a possibility," Boone said.
Steinbrenner has vowed to reduce payroll from this year's roughly $209 million to below next year's $197 million threshold, which would reset the team's base luxury tax rate from 50 percent to 20 percent in 2019.
Under baseball's previous labor contract, the money the Marlins pay the Yankees would be included "in the contract year in which the cash consideration is paid." However, under the new deal Article XXIII (C) (2) (b) (ii) was changed to have it count "on a pro-rata basis over the remaining guaranteed years."
New York has committed $123.7 million to seven signed players, has eight eligible for arbitration projected to earn about $30 million, figures to need $10 million for the rest of its 40-man roster and is assigned about $14 million for benefits, as all teams are. The Yankees are charged $5.5 million for cash to Houston in last offseason's trade that sent catcher Brian McCann to the Astros. With the Stanton credit, that leaves them at about $180 million.
Cashman said the Yankees have room to re-sign free agent left-hander CC Sabathia.
"We have payroll space because we have more work to do," he said. "This situation fits because we still have room to accomplish all of our stated goals."
NOTES: Boone said Josh Bard will be bench coach, Phil Nevin will be third base coach and replace Rob Thomson as spring training organizer and Reggie Willits will be first base coach.
___
AP Baseball Writer Ben Walker contributed to this report.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Why do we need this?
XenApp 7.12 has been an exciting release — it has closed all the important gaps from the older IMA architecture and, with a lot of new XenApp 7.x features (MCS-based single image management for XenApp Enterprise customers being my favorite), I don't really see a reason for anyone to stay on the old XenApp 6.5 anymore. Don't agree? Let us know in the comments after you finish reading this blog post.
In my opinion, the most important feature that XenApp 7.x was missing at launch was the ability to assign applications and desktops to specific servers. Granular assignments are nice to have during the early stages of implementation (design, pilot or build phase), but they are a critical feature for daily support and operations.
When you are responsible for Citrix environment support and receive a complaint from a user, one of the first steps you take is to log on to the server where the user is experiencing the issue. In the previous versions of XenApp, you can create separate desktop icons for all XenApp servers to easily log on to any server you needed. In XenApp 7, most customers have achieved this by publishing the RDP client, but this method is not always the most effective; not only are you losing the benefits of using an HDX protocol, but also this method is only partially usable for troubleshooting, as RDP session can behave differently than HDX session.
Read the entire article here, How to Assign Desktops to Specific Servers in XenApp 7
via the fine folks at Citrix Systems, Inc.
Dino Melaye: Fayose's aide, Lere reveals how police tried to kill Senator
Lere Olayinka, media aide to Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose, has described the report of embattled Senator Dino Melaye jumping off a moving vehicle as false. The Senator representing Kogi West was admitted into the hospital after he attempted to escape from police custody on Tuesday. Reacting to the circumstances surrounding Melaye's arrest, Olayinka on […]
Dino Melaye: Fayose's aide, Lere reveals how police tried to kill Senator
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Abiola was killed with ‘Abuja tea' – Fani-Kayode [VIDEO]
Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode says Moshood Kashimawo Olawale Abiola, acclaimed winner of the 1993 presidential election was murdered. He said this while speaking on the incidents that trailed the election and subsequent imprisionment of Abiola. Abiola, who was incarcerated after declaring himself president, died in custody on July 7, 1998 in Abuja, the […]
Abiola was killed with ‘Abuja tea' – Fani-Kayode [VIDEO]
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WFPD has confirmed that 40-year old Corrie Hollingsworth has been found safe.
No other information is being released at this time and no charges are expected to be filed.
Hollingsworth had been missing since January 30 when she was last seen in the 1300 block of Central Freeway.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
GARDAI have confirmed that they are not treating as suspicious the fire on the grounds of Limerick's Adare Manor Hotel and Golf Resort.
One unit from Rathkeale fire service was still at the scene as of 2pm this Monday afternoon, after a serious fire caused extensive damage to the new golf club house on the grounds of the JP McManus-owned hotel.
The resort is currently undergoing a multi-million euro redevelopment, and the Adare Manor team has now been left to count the cost of the club house blaze.
The alarm was raised at 3.49am this Monday morning, and ten fire service units – from Limerick city, Kilmallock, Rathkeale and Newcastle West – responded to the incident.
The club house, which is also known as the 'Carriage House', was nearing completion in recent days.
"We would like to thank the local fire service for their prompt response, when they were called early this morning to put out a fire, which had started in part of the roof of the Club House terrace," said a spokesperson for Adare Manor.
"The Club House, which is currently under refurbishment, was unoccupied at the time and no-one was injured. It is not known what started the fire, but a review of the site will be conducted over the coming days. No other part of the resort was affected.
"We have a great team at Adare Manor working on the refurbishment and development programme and the team will work together to recover from this morning's incident," continued the spokesperson.
"We have received a huge amount of local support for the refurbishment programme and Adare Manor is still on schedule to open in Q4 of 2017."
A recruitment open day scheduled for this Monday still went ahead, and the last recruitment event will take place this Tuesday from 8am to 8pm, before the resort's grand opening this autumn.
The golf course at the Manor has seen a multi-million euro overhaul, overseen by world-renowned golf architect Tom Fazio and his team.
The Carriage House was designed by Limerick architects Michael Healy and Partners, who completed "a brand-new clubhouse worthy of a championship course, so that players have a special place to relax, unwind and enjoy mouth-watering food and drink as they either boast or forget about the round just finished", according to the resort's website.
Image caption Przemek Krawczyk and Duncan MacDougall were on board the Nancy Glen when it sank last month
A candle will be lit at a vigil later for two fishermen lost in Loch Fyne last month.
Przemek Krawczyk and Duncan MacDougall, who both lived in Tarbert, were on board the 40ft Nancy Glen TT100 fishing vessel when it sank on 18 January.
The alarm was raised by a third man who got off the trawler before being rescued by the crew of a passing boat.
The local community is joining together for a service to show their support for the men's families.
The Clyde Fishermen's Association has set up a fund aimed at recovering the bodies of Mr Krawczyk and Mr MacDougall and providing support for their wives and children.
Image caption Coastguard volunteers have been searching on both sides of Loch Fyne
On Saturday, coastguard teams carried out final searches of the coastline.
Senior coastal operations officer David Graham said: "Since the initial searches were carried out our volunteer coastguard teams have been carrying out patrols on both side of Loch Fyne on a daily basis.
"Unless the situation changes, today will mark the end of our activity."
Image caption A service is being held at the harbour in Tarbert
Image caption A sign outside a restaurant in Tarbert has a message from the community
The service, held at the harbour, is being led by the local churches and the fishermen's mission.
Speaking ahead of the service, Clyde Fishermen's Association chairman Kenny McNab said: "We will light a candle and that candle will stay lit until the boys are recovered from the Nancy Glen.
"It was a request that came from a fair number of people in the village who wanted to do this, so the harbour authority very kindly set it in motion.
"During everything that has happened in Tarbert over the last two weeks, the people have been absolutely amazing. The community spirit is strong."
From the section
Police have appealed for information after a teenager was attacked in Inverness city centre in the early hours of Monday.
The 16-year-old suffered injuries to his face in the serious assault by a man wearing a grey hooded top and tracksuit trousers and riding a bike.
The incident happened at about 01:30 near Falcon Square.
The teenager was taken to Raigmore Hospital for treatment.
Jerry Blevins gives the Mets just what they need Five up, five down. That was what the Mets hoped to get from Jerry Blevins out of the bullpen Tuesday. “That's what we needed. We needed that. That's where we've...
There's bad blood brewing over iconic umpire's MLB suspension Joe West can count three games off his landmark season as MLB's longest-tenured umpire, ironically thanks to comments he made in a story honoring his career. MLB suspended the 64-year-old...
Chris Flexen picks up first MLB win thanks to Mets' power display Chris Flexen apparently is a fast learner. The Mets' 23-year-old righty, now a grizzled veteran of three major league starts, has committed Rule No. 1 of pitching to memory. “Yeah,...
Aaron Judge's 60-homer quest tops MLB's second-half agenda “The bigger, the better” always has held true, right? We naturally are drawn to bigness in size, scale and scope. What has changed is just how imperative this quality has...
Returning stars will stop need for fantasy Band-Aids Fantasy baseball owners are taking it on the chin this season. From the steady stream of injuries to managers' quick decisions to place their walking wounded on the 10-day disabled...
Buhari fighting political foes, not corruption – Fayose
EKITI STATE Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose has once again declared that President Muhammadu Buhari was only fighting his perceived political foes under the guise of fighting corruption, while at the same time trying to make sure that no opposition politician will be strong enough financially to contest against him in 2019. He said for the […]
The post Buhari fighting political foes, not corruption – Fayose appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bill Raftery shares the best from 50 years of NCAA memories Bill Raftery is CBS Sports' lead college basketball analyst. This will be his 35th time calling the NCAA Tournament and third time calling the Final Four. Q: Describe the first...
Bill Raftery on how Gonzaga changed, why Duke's not dead CBS analyst Bill Raftery, on the call Saturday for Kentucky-Alabama, talks Gonzaga's potential, Duke's rise and Georgetown's fall with The Post's Justin Terranova. Q: Is this Gonzaga team a bigger...
Ironic celebrations take insults to common sense to the extreme What an extraordinary week of intrigues, ironies and the incredulous. Who even knew that copies of Wake Forest's football game plan were worth leaking, let alone having? This cloak and...
What CBS/TBS tourney stats would look like if they were honest Stats? You want stats? As long as CBS/TBS determined that we wanted our screens loaded with stats throughout this NCAA Tournament, here are some from Saturday's Final Four that didn't...
Verne Lundquist's favorite non-Laettner NCAA tourney moment CBS' Verne Lundquist has the call for the four NCAA Tournament games in Brooklyn on Friday, and the longtime announcer breaks down the challenges and excitement of the broadcast with...
Bill Raftery: How Seton Hall went from dysfunctional to a threat Bill Raftery has an easy explanation for Seton Hall's return to Big East prominence. “They looked up my old practice schedules, stole all my theories,” jokes Raftery, who coached the...
How Bill Raftery became 'The Governor' of college basketball Gus Johnson hadn't heard the news, yet. “My man! He got it!” Johnson said before going into one of his trademark cackles. Johnson echoed the thoughts of many Tuesday mornings...
A former New Jersey police officer accused of a drunken wrong-way crash that killed a fellow officer and another man is on trial in New York.
The Staten Island Advance (http://bit.ly/2pu6DfP ) says former Linden officer Pedro Abad arrived Monday at a courthouse. He faces charges including aggravated vehicular homicide and manslaughter.
Linden Police Officer Frank Viggiano (vih-jee-AH'-noh) and Linden resident Joseph Rodriguez were killed in the crash and another officer was seriously injured.
Prosecutors allege that Abad and his passengers were drinking at a strip club and that Abad was drunk when his vehicle collided with a tractor-trailer March 20, 2015, on a Staten Island highway.
Abad has pleaded not guilty; he previously turned down a plea deal.
___
Information from: Staten Island Advance, http://www.silive.com
Image caption The arrest happened during the early hours of Saturday morning
A 29-year-old woman has been arrested in Newry, County Down, on suspicion of human trafficking for sexual exploitation, police have said.
She is also being held on suspicion of controlling prostitution and money laundering.
The woman was arrested by officers from the modern slavery and human trafficking unit during the early hours of Saturday morning on the Tandragee Road.
She remains in custody.
Detective Chief Inspector Mark Bell said the arrest was part of a "pro-active investigation into human trafficking for sexual exploitation and the activities of a criminal gang believed to be operating in Northern Ireland".
The Met Office is warning there may be more snow on the way in the south Midland today and have extended the area and timeframe where it may fall.
A spokesman for the Met office said: "With cold conditions and some snow lying over parts of England, as well as further rain pushing in from the southeast during the second half of the night, icy stretches have formed on untreated surfaces.
The Met Office has extended its warning across the region today
"At the same time some snow will fall over parts of southeast England this morning and early afternoon as well as over parts of East Anglia in the afternoon. However, most accumulations here should be above about 100 m.
"This is only a low impact warning with impacts much less widespread and less significant than across parts of England and Wales on Sunday.
"This is an update to extend the warning into Monday afternoon, pull this a little southward and to make this a combined snow and ice warning."
Police say a Chevrolet Silverado (not the one pictured) hit a cab driver in Falmouth, Massachusetts. DAVID ZALUBOWSKI AP
Series six revisits a baby born with serious birth defects in the late 50s and early 60s. Here's why...
As Call the Midwife strides out of the 1950s and into the swinging 60s there have been some big changes. We've watched medical advances creep into the drama: gas and air, diaphragms, a move towards hospitals and the appearance of an exciting new pill which will prevent unwanted pregnancy. As well as a new drug – with an ominously familiar name.
Advertisement
At the end of series four, thalidomide was prescribed by Doctor Turner for a mother suffering from a serious form of morning sickness called hyperemesis gravidarum (the same suffered by the Duchess of Cambridge during her pregnancies.) And it's a storyline that has run ever since.
We've seen babies born with missing limbs, and newborns die in dreadful situations from unexplained complications. And in series five events took a new turn, when Doctor Turner received word that Distaval, the drug he'd prescribed so widely, was being withdrawn with immediate effect.
Now in series six, we revisit one of the babies who was born with dreadful birth defects as a result of Turner's prescription.
So, what was thalidomide?
Thalidomide was first marketed in 1957 in West Germany under name Contergan. It was initially used as a sedative or sleeping pill, but it was found to help nausea and morning sickness, so the medication was soon prescribed for pregnant women. In the UK, the drug was licensed in 1958 under the name Distaval but it had been withdrawn by the end of 1961.
How did thalidomide affect unborn babies?
Thalidomide was considered to be a safe, risk-free medication, but it was not tested on pregnant women. During 1960, doctors began to worry about the drug's side effects, after long-term users reported nerve damage. But soon the extent of the side effects were clear.
Thalidomide was found to harm the development of unborn babies and cause serious birth defects, especially if taken in the first four to eight weeks of pregnancy. The drug led to the arms or legs of the babies being very short or incompletely formed. Other side effects also included deformed eyes, ears and hearts.
In the late 50s and early 60s over 10,000 children were born with thalidomide-related disabilities worldwide. Around 40% of affected babies are reported to die at or shortly after birth.
What happened when doctors realised Thalidomide was harmful?
The drug was withdrawn in 1961 before the UK government issued a warning in May 1962.
Advertisement
Thalidomide is now used as part of treatment programmes for cancer and leprosy sufferers. Its use is heavily regulated – women taking thalidomide now have to take two forms of birth control and take regular pregnancy tests.
A state university in Indonesia has come under fire from international human-rights advocates for requiring prospective students to declare on a form that they are not lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender before applying and enrolling at the institution.
Andalas University in West Sumatra has since removed the digital form from its website, but school administrators stand by the requirement, according to a local new source.
"If a student doesn't want to sign the form, there's no need to register," Tafdil Husni, a University of Andalas official, told local news site Padangkita.com last week. The report also noted the form was taken down to be revised, not permanently removed.
Andalas University did not respond to NBC Out's multiple requests for comment.
Andalas University in Padang, West Sumatra, Indonesia Google
The controversy surrounding the university form, which was ignited at the end of April, is just one of many involving LGBTQ rights in the Southeast Asian nation, the world's fourth-largest country by population and the largest Muslim-majority country.
Kyle Knight, an LGBTQ researcher at Human Rights Watch, said the onslaught of anti-LGBTQ statements started in January 2016, when Indonesia's Minister of Higher Education, Muhammad Nasir, said he did not want lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender student groups on university campuses.
“For over a year now, Indonesia's LGBT community has been besieged by a government-driven campaign of bigoted and discriminatory vitriol,” Knight said in an email to NBC Out.
The comment by the Minister of Higher Education was reportedly in response to the Support Group and Resource Center on Sexuality Studies (SGRC), which started on the campus of the University of Indonesia in April 2014. The organization was founded to offer support and resources to students pertaining to their gender and sexuality, according to co-founder Arief, who asked that his last name not be published.
“We develop a close relationship between members, we learn together, we bond together and even share secrets among each other," Arief told NBC Out. "Since gender and sexuality is considered a taboo here in Indonesia, SGRC acts like an oasis in the middle of the desert.”
Following Minister Nasir's controversial statements last January, which he later backtracked on via Twitter, anti-LGBTQ statements began popping up from government officials, religious groups and non-governmental organizations, according to a Human Rights Watch report about the threats facing Indonesia's LGBTQ community.
“Psychiatrists proclaimed same-sex sexual orientation and transgender identities as ‘mental illnesses,'” according to the report, which was published in August, and "the country's largest Muslim organization called for criminalization of LGBT behaviors and activism, and forced ‘rehabilitation' for LGBT people."
Within three months of the Minister's comments, "the cacophony had died down, and the moral panic subsided, but the repercussions continue to be felt by LGBT people in Indonesia," the report stated.
As for the controversy involving Andalas University, Arief said the increase in intolerance, especially toward LGBTQ people, is based on moral and religion beliefs, with a misunderstanding and lack of knowledge about the issue.
“In Indonesia, LGBT is still considered as a mental disorder, which is pretty backward since the [American Psychiatric Association] declassified homosexuality as a mental disorder in 1974,” Arief said. "The student council of Andalas University released a statement [in late April], in which they said that LGBT is a ‘disease, worse than prostitution, rape and even murder.' There are a few LGBT friends from Andalas University that are currently in touch with us, updating with new information, while expressing their concern and fear of the LGBT hunting.”
Knight said university administrators are bowing to pressure from conservative groups and militant Islamists. They use LGBTQ issues to increase support for their political causes and distract from the real issues in the country, he said.
“The fact that so many government officials and politicians entered the fray and insulted LGBT people publicly in 2016 continues to be compounded by the president's inaction,” Knight added. “The government has — time and time again — failed to stand between minorities and those who attack them. That education institutions are perpetuating these stigmatizing and hateful ideas is particularly disturbing.”
In another recent instance of reported anti-LGBTQ activity in the country, Human Rights Watch said Indonesian police conducted a raid targeting gay men, ordering 14 of them at a hotel in the country's second-largest city, Surabaya, to undergo HIV testing. The organization said eight of the men were then arrested on charges of violating anti-pornography laws. The World Health Organization's guidelines say mandatory, compulsory or coercive HIV testing is not appropriate.
“Indonesian police are again violating the basic rights of LGBT people by invading their privacy,” Phelim Kine, deputy Asia director at Human Rights Watch, said in a statement. “The Surabaya raid subjected these gay men to traumatic humiliation ... and threatens the privacy rights of all Indonesians.”
Editor's Note: This story was edited on May 31, 2017. NBC Out removed the last name of Arief at his request, citing fears for his safety due to the increasingly anti-LGBTQ environment in Indonesia.
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Bola Bolawole, an Area Pastor in the Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, has condemned the attack in the General Overseer, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, over his visit to Ekiti State Governor, Ayo Fayose. In an opinion he released on Monday titled, ‘APC's scurrilous attack on Adeboye', Bolawole revealed what led to the visit of Pastor […]
Video
Evertonian Jack has just made Premier League history.
The 14-year-old, who has multiple health conditions and limited mobility, has acted as a "remote" mascot for his favourite club with the aid of a robot.
The robot was carried onto the pitch by Everton captain Phil Jagielka and has a camera, microphone and speaker linked with Jack's tablet, so that he could enjoy the match day experience.
Image caption Each show features a special guest, with Elaine C Smith the latest to appear
Former First Minister Alex Salmond has begun a sold-out stint at the Edinburgh festival fringe. BBC Scotland Arts Correspondent Pauline McLean went along to take in an early performance of the politician's chat show.
The alliance of defiance is how the Edinburgh Fringe bills itself in this its 70th anniversary year. A platform for those who want to shout, or sing, or simply have their say in the midst of the greatest arts gathering in the world.
So it's not unusual to find politicians in the thick of it, or indeed audiences interested in politics.
As a former first minister, and veteran politician, Alex Salmond has plenty to say, and no problem saying it in public.
In his show Alex Salmond Unleashed he promises to discuss the things he couldn't discuss in office, and bring along many of the people he's met in his career, from sport and show business as well as politics.
It was either "unleashed" or "unhinged" he admits, as he comes onstage to a rousing reception, removes his tie and throws it into the audience.
"No more," shouts a man from the back.
What follows is a very pleasant hour of music, comedy and chat. No great revelations from Mr Salmond, or his guest, Elaine C Smith, invited in her capacity as co-convenor of the independence convention as well as for her skills as an actress and singer.
She sings a couple of numbers, Mother Glasgow, and then Four Marys, which former boy soprano Alex Salmond gamely duets on.
It's a bit like a TV show - there's a house band, and TV cameras, and even Mr Salmond refers to it "episodes". Perhaps it's all part of an elaborate pitch for a new career, an extension of his LBC radio show, where he's also happy to be behind the microphone asking the questions.
Image copyright PA Image caption The former first minister will stage 18 sold-out shows
It all rattles along, Mr Salmond is an amiable enough host, happy to take (pre-vetted) questions from the audience, which include his views on the recent election result, whether there'll be another snap election and whether a teenager from Luxembourg can get a ticket for the show (she can, and a ticket is procured).
Janey Godley does a stand up spot, followed by a little bit of Glasgow voiceover work (today's victim is Nicola Sturgeon) and then there's a charity auction for the chance to have afternoon tea with both Mr Salmond and Elaine C Smith.
It's so good natured, Mr Salmond persuades the two rival bidders to combine their bids and raise £1250 for Elaine's chosen charity, the Paul O'Gorman Leukaemia Research Centre in Glasgow.
So it's not buttoned up, but it's not unleashed either. No great revelations, or controversial moments. Not that the audience mind, they leave happy. And Mr Salmond? He has the last laugh. All 18 shows have sold out, without even the need for a hint about a mystery guest.
And that, during the Fringe - with its offer of 3,398 different shows - is quite a feat.
Federal Reserve clears the way for Bass Pro, Cabela's merger The Federal Reserve has given Cabela's shareholders an early Christmas gift. The Fed, which some feared wouldn't complete a review of a key piece of the $5 billion Bass Pro...
Retailers hit hard as gun sales dwindle Gun retailers took another shot to the gut Tuesday. Two national retailers dependent on hunters reported second-quarter results that were dinged by a noticeable dropoff in gun sales. Dick's Sporting...
Disappointing Cabela's results add risk to merger with Bass Pro The shotgun marriage between Bass Pro Shops and Cabela's may not make it to the altar, after all. Dismal quarterly results at outdoor retailer Cabela's on Thursday raised the risk...
Another big gun seller has been hit since Trump's election The gun industry just took another nasty shot to the gut. The largest independent gun retailer in the US has slashed its sales forecasts since the election of Donald Trump...
FTC review to delay Cabela's-Bass Pro merger The merger of Bass Pro Shops and Cabela's has hit a speed bump. The Federal Trade Commission has asked Bass Pro Shops for more information on its $5.5 billion acquisition...
Bass Pro on the rise despite fierce competition from Amazon Bass Pro Shops, with its $100 camo hunting parkas, $400 Lady Raptor crossbows and the smell of the woodsy outdoors in nearly every aisle, is never going to be confused...
Goldman Sachs finally gets comfortable with guns Lloyd Blankfein's Goldman Sachs has found its comfort level with guns. The bank is playing a key role in Bass Pro Shops' agreement to buy rival outdoors retailer Cabela's for...
Cabela's is sold for $5.5B, a win for Paul Singer Hedgie Paul Singer hit another bull's-eye with his Cabela's investment. Singer's Elliott Management bought an 11 percent stake in the hunting supply chain last October and pressed the Springfield, Mo.,...
By Radio.com Staff
Chris Brown has been accused of punching a photographer during an incident at the Tampa nightclub AJA Channelside early this morning.
Related: Chris Brown Responds to Addiction and Anger Issues Claims
The Tampa Police Department provided the following statement regarding the incident:
During an after party event, Mr. Brown and his crew came into the club for a ‘showing' for which he was paid. Mr. [Benny] Vines is a photographer for Club Aja. As he was taking photos, Vines reported Mr. Brown ‘sucker punched' him for allegedly taking photos. By the time officers were contacted and arrived, Mr. Brown left the scene. Mr. Vines wishes to prosecute for a minor laceration to his lip. Medical attention was refused. Investigation continues.
A statement posted to AJA Channelside's official Facebook page reads:
Incidents like the ones caused by Chris Brown and his team are very sad to see. As everyone witnessed he showed up to the club at around 1:30am. After only a few minutes of being there, Chris Brown himself and his team assaulted our club photographer and proceeded to walk out of the venue. AJA Channelside and our employees apologize for the inconvenience. Assault charges were pressed and we are dealing with the proper authorities accordingly. We appreciate your constant support!
Brown has yet to respond publicly to the allegations.
Shamrock Rovers have completed deals for Notts Country striker Graham Burke and former Charlton midfielder Sam Bone, with the latter returning to the game full-time after battling cancer over the last year.
Burke, who has been capped at underage level for the Republic of Ireland, started his professional career with Aston Villa before going on loan to Shrewsbury in 2013 and Notts County in 2015.
The Dubliner penned a permanent deal with the Meadow Lane side but has opted to return home, with first-team opportunities tough to come by under new County player-manager Kevin Nolan.
Bone has secured a deal on the back of a successful trial period with the Hoops.
The 19-year-old was part of Charlton's youth set-up until illness intervened, but is relishing the chance to reignite his career with Rovers.
“Signing for Rovers is something I've wanted a lot since I got the chance to try out with the team in the past three weeks,” Bone said.
“I originally came in to build up my fitness and my agent said the club were interested in signing me. I knew from week one that I wanted to sign here, so I'm absolutely thrilled to sign for the club.
“The fans have been excellent with their support to me on Twitter, they were as delighted as I was. They have been great to me especially with the cancer and everything, so I really do want to thank them for being there and want to impress them this season.”
Stephen Bradley's side face champions Dundalk at Oriel Park in their SSE Airtricity League opener on 24 February.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Ohio Governor John Kasich's budget includes a section addressing teachers and requirements to renew their license.
The budget item calls for educators to job shadow through a local chamber of commerce or business to gain workforce knowledge and skills needed so they can help students with career choice.
The job shadowing recommendation, which appears in House Bill 49 (page 1056), would count toward continuing education requirements for license renewal.
Sec. 3319.236. Beginning September 1, 2018, the state board of education's rules for the renewal of educator licenses shall require each applicant for renewal of a license to complete an on-site work experience with a local business or chamber of commerce as a condition of renewal. Work experience obtained pursuant to this section shall count toward any required continuing education. Each local professional development committee established under section 3319.22 of the Revised Code shall work with its teachers to identify local work experience opportunities that meet the requirements of this section.
Ohio Education Association President Becky Higgins told the Columbus Dispatch the association has concerns about the proposal saying that working in a business is unnecessary and they oppose the condition to be licensed to teach.
The Ohio House is reviewing the budget and the Senate will begin deliberating in the coming weeks. Kasich must approve and sign the budget by June 30.
Opened this past summer, The Four Seasons at Ten Trinity Square is a newcomer on London's hotel stage. How does it stack up to the 111-year-old Ritz? We investigated.
The lure
It's the Union Jack of hotels. The classic establishment in the West End is so quintessentially British, that the final scene of “Downton Abbey” was filmed in its historic restaurant.
The look
The 111 rooms and 23 suites are lavish and Versailles-lebel glam: Think chandeliers, settees and vanities. The shimmering detail on many of the walls is actual 24-karat gold leaf, maintained by a gilder who's worked at the hotel for a quarter-century.
The history
At 111 years old, The Ritz has played host and home to some of the world's most notable celebs, politicians and royalty: Prince Charles, Charlie Chaplin and the Rolling Stones among them. (Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher died in the hotel in 2013.)
Breakfast, lunch, dinner
The Ritz Restaurant, boasting floor-to-ceiling marble columns, posh table settings and pristine views of Green Park, is perfect for a filling English breakfast or Michelin-starred Beef Wellington. Just feet away, the Rivoli Bar serves decadent Champagne cocktails.
The luxe factor
The hotel lives up to its recently bestowed “royal warrant”: Descending the hotel's staircase into the long, red-carpeted lobby is a positively princely experience. Plus, the hotel is the origin of the word “ritzy.”
The letdown
The Ritz still enforces a dress code — men must wear a jacket and tie in the restaurants and stay “smart casual” everywhere else. Though it adds to the elegance, it can also heighten stress levels.
The lowdown
Best for an extremely special occasion or a well-endowed expense account, the Ritz brags a century of splendid service, extravagant atmosphere and delicious excess.
From $428
VS.
The lure
The reliably fabulous chain has established its latest London hotel just a stone's throw from the Tower of London for sightseers, and close to nearby business hubs for worker bees.
The look
It's a night at the museum! The public areas of the hotel (especially the white rotunda with artful nods to the city's maritime past) look straight out of the National Gallery, but the rooms are sleek and up-to-the-minute. If you feel like James Bond, that's because parts of “Skyfall” were filmed there.
The history
While it's a new Four Seasons, Ten Trinity Square is a London landmark. Built in 1922, it was once home to the Port of London Authority — the city's trade center. And a second-floor meeting room, which is still standing, played host to the inaugural assembly of the United Nations in 1946.
The layout
Even with 89 rooms and 11 suites, the Four Seasons manages to feel intimate, comfortable and remarkably unpretentious. Sitting in an armchair beneath the massive rotunda is both cozy and jaw-dropping.
Breakfast, lunch, dinner
Culinary star Anne-Sophie Pic, the only female French chef to hold three Michelin stars, makes her UK debut with La Dame de Pic, where she puts inventive spins on British classiques, like Dover sole with green apple and anise emulsion.
The luxe factor
The amenities — large showers and deep soaking tubs, centrally controlled lighting systems, every imaginable power outlet — are brand-spankin' new and geared towards the many needs of the 2017 traveler.
The letdown
Planning a late night out? Nighttime food options near the hotel are limited in the sleepy neighborhood, aside from a Pizza Express that stays open till 11 p.m. You'll have to make do with room service.
The lowdown
Perfect for the business traveler who wants to be pampered but enjoys a low-key stay with top-notch everything.
From $478
“I just said, ‘Get your hand off my ass before I punch you in the face.'”
“You are black and you are gay,” naysayers told the Tony winner, “and unless you change that, you will not work.”
After a night of white supremacist marches in Charlottesville, Va, one of the Nazis drove his car through a crowd of counter-protesters, killing one woman and injuring 19 others. In the wake of this tragedy, foreign leaders are giving better responses than our own president.
Not wanting to alienate his racist base of supporters, Donald Trump responded by weakly condemning the “many sides” responsible for this senseless act of violence. On Monday, a spokesman for German Chancellor Angela Merkel showed Trump how he should have responded.
According to Merkel spokesman Steffen Seibert, the German chancellor was shocked by the deadly white supremacist marches that took place in Virginia over the weekend and described the events as “evil” and “disgusting.”
“The scenes at the right-wing extremist march were absolutely repulsive — naked racism, anti-Semitism and hate in their most evil form were on display,” Siebert said. “Such images and chants are disgusting wherever they may be and they are diametrically opposed to the political goals of the chancellor and the entire German government,” he added.
White supremacists descended on Charlottesville Friday night to protest the removal of a Confederate statue. They carried tiki torches and chanted “we will not be replaced” while giving Nazi salutes. On Saturday, one of the white supremacists who had attended the rally drove his car through a crowd of counter-protesters, leaving one woman dead and 19 others injured.
Of course, Trump can't denounce this type of bullsh*t because these are the same people who voted him into the White House. It's a damn shame that he can't disavow Nazis but we really shouldn't be surprised. This is the same man who couldn't denounce David Duke. Trump has courted white supremacists from the very beginning of his campaign and now he has empowered them to take to the streets with their racism and hate.
Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images
0:28
UNC Tar Heels leave the court after NCAA tournament upset to Texas A&M
1:23
UNC's Theo Pinson speaks after loss to Texas A&M in NCAA tournament
0:51
Ademola Adeleke, who dumped APC, emerges PDP candidate for Osun senatorial bye-election
The younger brother of late Isiaka Adeleke, Demola, has emerged the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, for the Osun West Senatorial District bye-election. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that Mr. Adeleke, who had been cleared to contest for the primary on the platform of APC, defected to PDP on Tuesday evening. Mr. …
The post Ademola Adeleke, who dumped APC, emerges PDP candidate for Osun senatorial bye-election appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 120 "The burden now is on our local delegation," Macon-Bibb commissioner says Pause 215 'To treat a puppy that way,' judge tells dog killer, 'that scares me for you' 69 Heres someone who has a blast at work 114 He knocked on their doors, then sexually assaulted them, police say 58 NAACP: Navicent needs more black decision makers 77 Local football coach gets shot to become America's next Ninja Warrior 236 Cop Shop Podcast: Georgia DUI suspect pees his pants 101 8 free shows to see at Central City Park this year (including a human cannonball) 180 ‘Got to get us a place so we can be a family again' 50 North Macon pizza restaurant reopening after closing last year Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Macon-Bibb County Commissioner Al Tillman speaks to the media at an OLOST press conference Monday after noon at the Macon-Bibb County Government Center. Tillman along with commissioners Elaine Lucas, Larry Schlesinger and Virgil Watkins pleaded Monday for the local state leaders to agree on legislation that would enable residents to vote on a 1 percent other local option sales tax. Jason Vorhees The Telegraph
Macon-Bibb County Commissioner Al Tillman speaks to the media at an OLOST press conference Monday after noon at the Macon-Bibb County Government Center. Tillman along with commissioners Elaine Lucas, Larry Schlesinger and Virgil Watkins pleaded Monday for the local state leaders to agree on legislation that would enable residents to vote on a 1 percent other local option sales tax. Jason Vorhees The Telegraph
What kind of intrigues and romance goes on behind the scenes of a top circus? The new novel “Cirque du Phantastique” draws the reader into to answer this question.
Adelaide, Australia (PRUnderground) March 19th, 2018
The circus holds so much fascination for so many people, both young and old, presenting an astonishing image to the eye, but often pointing to something deeper and mysterious going on with all the fantastic characters behind the scenes. Author Claire Marie Clements uses this backdrop to set the stage for her hypnotic new book, “Cirque du Phantastique”, that tells the fictional tale of a circus tour laced with peril, adventure, hardship, and romance – taking the old declaration “the show must go on” to a whole new level. The book was recently released on The Light Network press and is available on Amazon.com.
“I've always been fascinated by the fantastic aspects of the circus and its performers,” commented Clements. “My new book allows me to tell a suspenseful, multi-layered tale, with the circus as its background, and I think readers are going to enjoy reading it as much as I did writing it.”
“Cirque du Phantastique” seductively draws the reader into the world inside and outside a seemingly cursed annual tour of a circus baring the title's name. Along the way they are forced to face the harshest of climates, the personal conflict led by the circus's authoritarian Ringmaster, outsiders who see the performers as freaks and untouchables, and a sinister threat that eventually threatens not just their lives, but also the lives of all those surrounding them.
Early reviews of the new novel have been extremely positive.
Emily S., from New Hampshire, recently said in a five-star review, “I was absolutely enamored with ‘ Cirque du Phantastique'. Author Claire Marie Clements painted such a vibrant picture of the life of the performers, and then the dangers they faced, I couldn't put it down. I hope she considers a sequel.”
For more information be sure to visit http://amzn.to/2p8oOZb.
About The Light Network
The Light Network is an exciting and innovative new publishing company aimed at empowering people and spreading light. Learn more at http://thelightnetwork.com.
St. Louis Cardinals winning pitcher Lance Lynn (with a dose of his customary sarcasm): “It's the biggest win possible you can have in April.”
More FOX Sports Midwest Videos Yeo on Blues win: ‘We know there's … more work to be done' Schwartz on Blues win: ‘We do a good job of being in the moment' Pietrangelo describes Allen as ‘fantastic' and ‘lights out' Parayko ‘just trying to get something towards the net' on Blues goal Allen ‘not fazed' by amount of Wild shots WATCH: Gyorko, Piscotty homer in Cardinals' loss to Yankees More FOX Sports Midwest Videos
Egyptian archaeologists say they have uncovered the tomb of an ancient royal official buried more than 4,000 years ago during the period known as the "Age of the Pyramids."
Egypt's Ministry of Antiquities announced the discovery of the tomb Saturday and said they believed the burial site belonged to a woman named "Hetpet," a high-ranking royal palace official.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Archaeologists discover 4,000-year-old Egyptian tomb 0:46 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The "Hetpet" tomb features "very distinguished" and well-preserved wall paintings depicting "Hetpet" standing in hunting and fishing scenes, or receiving offerings from her children. There are also wall paintings of monkeys, which were kept as domestic pets.
Officials said the tomb has a rare rectangular arcade which was lined with incenses and offering holders.
Images painted in the tomb of a royal palace official believed to be known as "Hetpet." Charlene Gubash / NBC News
The tomb was discovered during an excavation mission in the Giza western cemetery region, which has been known to house the burial sites of former royal palace officials. Archaeologists have been excavating the site for more than 170 years.
In a statement announcing the discovery, Egypt's Antiquities Ministry said the tomb's architecture and decorative style date back to the Fifth Dynasty during the period known as the Old Kingdom.
The archaeological mission was lead by Egypt's secretary general of antiquities, Dr. Mostafa Wazir.
Isa Nacewa, along with team-mate Richardt Strauss, will retire when Leinster's season concludes, and are among six summer departures this summer the Irish province has confirmed.
Team captain Nacewa will hang up his boots after a decorated time with Leinster, which has seen the 35-year-old accumulate three Heineken Cup medals, a Challenge Cup medal and a Pro12 title in two spells at the club, while European and Pro14 silverware could be added before he departs.
First capped in 2008, Nacewa has played 182 caps for Leinster, while hooker Strauss too will call time on his career.
The 32-year-old has made his debut in February 2010 and has won two Heineken Cups, a Challenge Cup and two Pro12 titles in his time with Leinster and has represented Ireland on 17 occasions including three appearances at the 2015 Rugby World Cup.
"It is hard to articulate the impact that both Isa and Richardt have had on this club since their arrival," head coach Leo Cullen said.
"Warriors on the pitch and wonderful men off it, they are, in my opinion, two of the best players to have ever worn the blue jersey. Their impact on this group of players will be felt for years to come."
Together with the recently retired Jamie Heaslip and the departing Jordi Murphy, six players in total will be acknowledged by the club at the end of season Awards Ball this evening as Cullen also confirmed that Cathal Marsh and Peadar Timmins would be leaving the club at the end of the season.
What it's like to raise a rock star The first time Hester Diamond saw her son, Michael Diamond, perform, he played drums for a sixth grade production of “Jesus Christ Superstar,” and was “very joyful doing it.” The...
Beastie Boys member speaks out against hate bias Adam “Ad-Rock” Horovitz took center stage before a crowd and urged city residents to make some noise against hate bias.
Swastikas, 'Go Trump' graffiti deface children's playground A Brooklyn park named after Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch was defaced with swastikas and the words “Go Trump.” The children's playground inside the Brooklyn Heights park was marred with the...
Beastie Boys' Mike D sells Brooklyn townhouse for $5.5M The days of No Sleep Till Brooklyn are long gone. Now Beastie Boys' Mike D and Tamra Davis, parents of two, have just sold their 3,200 square foot Cobble Hill...
Beastie Boys awarded $668K in legal fees A judge review of the band's legal bills suggests that the "Beastie Boys opted to pay for, and received, the 'Cadillac Escalade,' not the 'Honda Civic'" of legal representation.
Monster Energy loses Beastie Boys lawsuit, forced to pay up The Beastie Boys won $668,000 in attorney's fees from Monster Energy in addition to a $1.7 million jury award over the company's use of the iconic band's songs in a...
The 5 best songs on the ‘Clueless' soundtrack Would “Clueless” be as widely adored were it not for the soundtrack? As if! The classic teen comedy featuring Alicia Silverstone, Brittany Murphy, Stacey Dash and a young(ish) Paul Rudd...
6 crazy, sexy, true stories of NYC's early hip-hop scene In January 1980, Martha Cooper was a New York Post photographer assigned to cover a supposed riot in a Washington Heights subway station. When she arrived, “I asked the cops...
The Russian government reacted with “alarm” Saturday to a Trump administration plan to allow the use of “low-yield” nuclear weapons against non-nuclear attacks.
Russia's Foreign Ministry said a newly released Pentagon document on US nuclear policy is “confrontational.”
“We, of course, will have to take into account the approach enacted now in Washington and to take the needed measures to secure our own safety,” the ministry said.
The Russians were responding to the Pentagon's Nuclear Posture Review, a document released Friday that outlined an expansion of the US nuclear arsenal in the face of Russia's growing number of tactical nuclear weapons and a shift in the rules regarding their use.
The US will consider using such weapons to defend against “significant non- nuclear strategic attacks” on civilians or infrastructure — but only in “extreme circumstances.”
The Trump administration said the new policy would deter Russia from deploying its own low-yield nukes, which are about as powerful as the atomic bomb used on Hiroshima in 1945.
B.J. Armstrong, the former Chicago Bull and Derrick Rose's agent, still feels this Knicks group has a good future together despite their record, and he hopes his client is part...
NEWNAN, Ga. — A Georgia restaurant owner says he is investigating after an employee called 911 on an African-American family who had stopped for dinner during a vacation.
WSB-TV reports that Felicia and Othniel Dobson of North Carolina on Monday had stopped for dinner at a Subway in Newnan with their four children, ages 8 to 19, when a restaurant employee called police.
In the 911 call, the employee said there are “eight people in a van” who were going back forth to the bathroom and possibly putting soda in water cups.
The couple said the responding police officer and store owner apologized.
Felicia Dobson said the family did nothing wrong and “can't change our skin color.”
In a statement, Subway franchisee Rosh Patel said he has reiterated “the importance of making everyone feel welcome.”
The prison inmate on furlough who murdered two police officers and a bystander in Belgium killed a fourth person a day earlier — by bashing his brains in with a hammer, according to a report Wednesday.
“He also committed a murder the night before [the attack],” Interior Minister Jan Jambon told local broadcaster RTL about the killer, Benjamin Herman.
see also Prosecutors allege Belgium attack was 'terrorist murder' A Belgian federal magistrate says the Liege attacks, which left...
Herman, 36, had been let out of prison Monday night near Liège on temporary two-day release and used the opportunity to hunt down Michael Wilmet, a former inmate he'd done time with, and beat him to death with a hammer, according to RTL
“When I walked by his door, he was on his couch, his face unrecognizable, full of blood,” Sabrina Chasseur, a neighbor of Wilmet's, told the outlet.
Wilmet, a heroin addict who had been in the slammer for drug trafficking, completed his sentence in March.
The day after Wilmet's murder, Herman stabbed two policewomen — Soraya Belkacemi, 53, and Lucile Garcia, 45 — in the back, then stole one of their weapons to shoot them dead. He then gunned down Cyril Vangriecken, 22, who was in a parked car with his mother, and fled to a nearby school, where he took a woman hostage.
Witnesses and police sources told local media Herman shouted “Allahu Akbar!” — “God is great” in Arabic — while firing his weapon.
He was gunned down by police officers.
While prosecutors called the attack a terrorist act, Jambon suspected that Herman had acted alone.
“It's really an isolated case. He wasn't part of a network, he didn't receive instructions from anyone else, so there is no need to raise the terror threat alert level,” he said.
As questions mounted about why Herman was freed from prison, Justice Minister Koen Geens told RTBF radio he felt “responsible” for Tuesday's bloodshed.
“The question of whether this man should have been given leave is striking because he killed three completely innocent people with a wish to kill himself,” Geens said.
“I have to examine my own conscience.”
With Post wires
(AP Photo/Ben Margot). Tampa Bay Rays' Rob Refsnyder, right, is congratulated by C.J. Cron (44) and Wilson Ramos (40) after hitting a three-run home run off Oakland Athletics' Sean Manaea during the third inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 20...
(AP Photo/Ben Margot). Tampa Bay Rays' Rob Refsnyder follows through on a three-run home run off Oakland Athletics' Sean Manaea during the third inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif.
(AP Photo/Ben Margot). Tampa Bay Rays' Johnny Field watches his RBI double off Oakland Athletics' Sean Manaea during the second inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif.
(AP Photo/Ben Margot). Tampa Bay Rays pitcher Nathan Eovaldi works against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif.
(AP Photo/Ben Margot). Tampa Bay Rays pitcher Nathan Eovaldi works against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif.
By MICHAEL WAGAMAN
Associated Press
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) - Even though he knew it was the best move to make, Tampa Bay right-hander Nathan Eovaldi was not happy when Kevin Cash pulled him after six innings. He even had to be prodded to shake his manager's hand.
Coming off a second Tommy John surgery, Eovaldi understood why. He just didn't like it at the time.
Eovaldi pitched six innings of no-hit ball in his return to the majors, leading the Rays to a 6-0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday night.
"I didn't want to shake his hand," Eovaldi said. "I haven't gone seven innings in a really long time. So we played it safe and it was good. I would have liked to stay out there until I gave up a hit but I understand the situation as well."
Eovaldi (1-0) routinely clocked in the high 90s with his fastball and faced one over the minimum through six innings in his Tampa Bay debut. He threw 70 pitches and had four strikeouts. The only runner to reach base against him was Matt Chapman, who drew a one-out walk in the first.
Cash said he debated sending Eovaldi out for the seventh.
"It was tough, there was no doubt, but we have to do what's right by him," Cash said. "He wanted to stay but realistically he's not getting to the ninth inning. I'll just blame (pitching coach Kyle Snyder). I wanted to keep pitching him but Kyle told me to pull him."
Wilmer Font, acquired by the Rays from the A's last Friday, gave up Jed Lowrie's one-out single in the seventh for Oakland's only hit of the game. Vidal Nuno got the last three outs to finish the one-hitter.
Rob Refsnyder hit a three-run home run off A's starter Sean Manaea (5-6), and Johnny Field also homered for the Rays.
The game drew an announced crowd of 6,295, the smallest at the Coliseum since April 3, 2003.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, he underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when he was a junior in high school.
The 28-year-old missed the first month of this season after undergoing surgery March 30 to remove loose bodies in his elbow. Eovaldi made four rehab starts in the minors before being activated off the disabled list before Wednesday's game.
"It felt great being out there," Eovaldi said. "I was so focused on just getting that first out. After I got it, the emotions kind of got to me. I was a little nervous out there. Then I was able to regroup and slow back down."
Eovaldi, the 12th pitcher in major league history to start in the majors after having two Tommy John surgeries, induced seven groundouts and retired the final 17 batters he faced following the walk to Chapman.
"I think we pushed him about as much as we wanted to," Cash said.
Font then came in and retired Chapman on a liner to shortstop in the seventh before Lowrie pushed a single up the middle.
Nuno replaced Font in the ninth and gave up a leadoff walk to Chad Pinder, then retired the next three batters.
That was all the offense the A's could muster while being shut out by the Rays for the second time in three games.
"Honestly, those guys over there, they're pitching great," Oakland shortstop Chad Pinder said. "Those guys aren't a walk in the park, and they're locating and they're making all their pitches work. Hitting's hard enough as it is."
Oakland went into the game batting .216 in May, the second-lowest average in the majors.
STRUGGLING SEAN
Manaea allowed four runs in five innings. After going 4-1 with 1.00 ERA through his first six starts that included the majors' first no-hitter this season on Apri 21, the big left-hander has been in a tailspin.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Athletics: INF Marcus Semien was placed on the paternity leave list before the game. Pinder started at shortstop in Semien's absence. RHP Josh Lucas was called up from Triple-A Nashville. ... RHP Liam Hendriks began a rehab assignment with Triple-A Nashville.
UP NEXT
Tampa Bay RHP Ryne Stanek (1-0, 3.24 ERA) will make his second career start, three days after getting a win coming out of the bullpen. RHP Daniel Mengden (5-4, 2.85) goes for Oakland.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
KNOXVILLE, TENN. -
A Tennessee woman's video of her tearful son recounting being bullied at middle school has prompted a wave of support from athletes and entertainers.
Kimberly Jones said in a Facebook post Friday she had just picked up her son, Keaton, from school because he was too afraid to go to lunch.
In the video, Keaton said other students call him ugly, make fun of his nose and tell him he has no friends. He said milk was poured on him and ham was put down his clothes.
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton said. “What's the point of it? Why do they find joy in taking innocent people and find a way to be mean to them? It's not OK.
“People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. If you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you.”
The video had more than 18 million views as of Sunday, and a crowdsourcing page for Keaton's future education had raised more than $29,000.
“We all know how it feels to want to belong,” Jones said in her post, “but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere.”
On Twitter, Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker invited the Jones family to an upcoming game, while University of Tennessee wide receiver Tyler Byrd said he and several teammates plan to visit Keaton at school.
Country music star Kelsea Ballerini tweeted that the next time she comes home to her native Knoxville, she wants to be with Keaton to witness the bullies apologize.
Retired race car driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said on Twitter he wants Keaton to “add me to your long list of friends,” and Snoop Dogg said on Instagram that Keaton “has a friend for life” and that “love is the only way to beat hate.”
UN INSIDER
Kazakhstan Joins Security Council With New Foreign Minister
By J Nastranis
NEW YORK (IDN) - A few days ahead of Kazakhstan joining the Security Council on January 1 as a non-permanent member for two years, President Nursultan Nazarbayev appointed the Central Asian republic's Permanent Representative to the United Nations Kairat Abdrakhmanov as new Foreign Minister.
On December 28 he replaced Erlan Idrissov (57) who held the post from 1999 to 2002 and 2012 to 2016. He takes over as Ambassador to the UK, a post he held from 2002 to 2007. He was then ambassador to the United States from 2007 to 2012.
Abdrakhmanov (52) had been serving as his country's Permanent Representative in New York since 2013. During his tenure and Idrissov's as Foreign Minister, Kazakhstan campaigned for and was elected as a non-permanent member of the Security Council for 2017-2018.
Prior to his appointment as Permanent Representative to the UN, Abdrakhmanov was Ambassador to Austria, where he also represented his country at the international organizations based in Vienna 2011 onwards. From 2008 until 2011, he was Kazakhstan's Permanent Representative to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ((OSCE), chairing its Permanent Council in 2010.
Abdrakhmanov served an earlier term as Ambassador to Austria and Permanent Representative to international organizations in Vienna, from 2007 to 2008. He was Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs from 2006 to 2007 and served a previous stint, between 1999 and 2001.
In a distinguished Foreign Service career, Abdrakhmanov served as Ambassador to Israel from 2003 to 2006, and as Deputy Chief of Mission and Minister-Counsellor in the United Kingdom, beginning in 2001.
He was Director of the Foreign Ministry's Department of Bilateral Cooperation from 1998 to 1999, Deputy Chief and then Chief of the Asia Department between 1994 and 1998. During that period, he also served as Deputy Director of the Asia, Middle East and Africa Department, and Director of the Department of Europe and the Americas, having joined the Foreign Ministry in 1993 as a Third Secretary in the Europe Department.
Introducing newly appointed Foreign Minister Abdrakhmanov to the senior staff of the ministry, President Nazarbayev thanked Idrissov for his work as Foreign Minister over the past four years. He emphasised that in the face of perplexing global circumstances the foreign ministry faces new challenges that require new approaches.
Referring to the work in the Security Council, he said: "The fact that we were elected as its non-permanent member is a testament of respect from the global community towards our country. This is an important task that requires the global leadership of Kazakhstan in the movement for a nuclear weapons free world and other international issues.”
Analysing the reasons behind the reshuffle, Catherine Putz wrote in The Diplomat: "While Idrissov's resume demonstrates a specialty in relations with Western powers, Abdrakhmanov's background is rooted in international organizations."
Putz added: "It may be that the switch reflects Kazakhstan's emphasis on international organizations, rather than Western graces, to carry the country onward toward Nazarbayev's lofty goals. Abdrakhmanov's twin successes – scoring Astana the OSCE chairmanship in 2010 and the UNSC (Security Council) seat for 2017 – have elevated the country's global standing."
Within days of Abdrakhmanov's appointment as Foreign Minister, the Security Council unanimously adopted on December 31 a resolution supporting a Russia-Turkey brokered truce in Syria and jump-starting a political process.
The resolution accepted Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev's offer to host peace talks in the Kazakh capital between the conflicting parties in the Syrian conflict stating that it "looks forward to the meeting to be held in Astana". These are expected to take place mid-January ahead of the resumption of negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations in Geneva on February 8.
The Council reiterated its call on parties to allow humanitarian agencies “rapid, safe and unhindered” access throughout Syria, repeating that the only sustainable solution to the crisis was an inclusive, Syrian-led political process, based on the 2012 Geneva communiqué.
In the ensuing debate, delegates welcomed the Council's unanimous support for the ceasefire, stressing that it only increased the legitimacy of those efforts, and confidence in the Council's own ability to make important decisions.
Some asked for details on the participation of opposition groups in Astana, humanitarian access and the United Nations role in the Astana political process, with several noting that the Special Envoy for Syria must play a key role in those efforts.
The U.S. supported the resolution because it struck the right balance between cautious optimism and a realistic need to see how it would be implemented but expressed regret that annexes to the agreement had not been made available, and concern over reports of both a regime offensive supported by Hizbullah in the Wadi Barada village north-west of Damascus, and differences between regime and delegation documents. The U.S. Deputy Permanent Representative to the UN Michele Sison asked for an explanation of why those differences existed.
The United Kingdom's Deputy Permanent Representative to the UN Peter Wilson stressing that discrepancies between key texts must be resolved, said monitoring of the ceasefire would be crucial. Russia and Turkey must ensure any such measures were independent and coordinated with both the UN and the International Syria Support Group's ceasefire task force.
On that point, France's Deputy Permanent Representative to the UN Alexis Lamek said the Russian-Turkish agreement contained a number of “grey areas”, including whether the regime was genuinely committed to the ceasefire. The Council had not received the list of groups included in the agreement, and the level of commitment of all parties remained uncertain. He also expressed concern over which groups would be designated as terrorist groups.
At the same time, said Egypt's Permanent Representative Amr Abdellatif Aboulatta said it was critical to act rapidly and launch the diplomatic process. Real intentions focused on a final political solution were crucial. Military activity would never solve the crisis, he said, urging Syrian parties to act responsibly to find a Syrian solution, which would protect the country's territorial integrity.
Broadly speaking, Russia's Permanent Representative Vitaly Churkin said the resolution spoke to the need for a cessation of hostilities in Syria and a meeting in Astana where the Syrian Government and opposition would, for the first time, meet face-to-face.
“If you can't help and if you don't want to help, make sure you don't complicate things,” he said. The international community must be guided by the goals of achieving a political settlement in 2017, respecting the interests of the Syrian people and fostering stability in the region.
President Nazarbayev emphasised in meeting with the Foreign Ministry's senior staff on December 30 "the need for careful preparation for the upcoming talks on Syria in Astana".
According to the President, an important task for the Foreign Ministry is to maintain its work on the Eurasian Economic Union, taking into account the country's national interests.
“In the context of the global economic crisis, an economic dimension must remain the systemic element of paramount importance in the activity of the diplomatic service of the country. It's necessary to deal with issues of attracting investments and export of domestic goods," President Nazarbayev said.
He added: "In this regard, the work of the Foreign Ministry and embassies should be strengthened. Thorough work should be done on preparation of major international events scheduled next year in Astana – the SCO [Shanghai Cooperation Organisation] and the OIC [Organisation for Islamic Cooperation] summits." [IDN-InDepthNews – 02 January 2017]
Photo (centre to left): President Nazarbayev, outgoing Foreign Minister Idrissov, and new Foreign Minister Abdrakhmanov. Credit: The Astana Times.
IDN is the flagship of International Press Syndicate.
Adam West 'had no idea' he was dying, says 'Batman' co-star “I saw him a couple of weeks ago. We had breakfast before signing autographs all day long,” Ward said. “We walked to the stage, he walked so fast I could...
Bat-Signal to light up LA in honor of Adam West Mayor Eric Garcetti says the Bat-Signal will be lit at L.A.'s City Hall at 9 p.m. Thursday.
Aging Bonanno cap o Vinny Asaro got a walk for his role in the infamous 1978 Lufthansa air cargo heist when a Brooklyn jury acquitted him in 2015 — and Monday the turncoat cousin who ratted him out for the feds strolled out of court with just three years probation for the same robbery.
​​
Gaspare Valenti, who'd faced up to 20 years behind bars on racketeering charges, got the sweetheart deal after agreeing to turn government witness against Asaro and a steady stream of others since the trial for the iconic airport heist that would go on to be immortalized in Martin Scorsese's “Goodfellas.”
Valenti apologized Monday before he was sentenced by the same judge who oversaw the Lufthansa trial.
“I changed my life around and I have a lot of remorse for the crimes I committed, for the victims, for my family,” he told Brooklyn federal Judge Allyne Ross.
Ross — who recently sentenced Asaro to eight years in prison after he pleaded guilty to arson charges in an unrelated road-rage incident — agreed.
“I consider Mr. Valenti's cooperation to be extraordinary,” the judge said, before calling the former mobster “one of the most valuable cooperators in my 25 years on the bench.”
Valenti testified in 2015 about the JFK robbery, where some $6 million in cash and jewels were swiped from a cargo terminal, a heist first described in Nicholas Pileggi's 1985 book “Wiseguy“, which was adapted into the 1990 film starring Robert DeNiro, Joe Pesci and Ray Liotta.
Valenti also testified that his cousin Asaro had strangled mob associate Paul Katz, who Valenti admitted to helping bury.
Katz had a Queens warehouse that served as a holding area for items stolen by Lucchese associate and purported Lufthansa mastermind Jimmy “The Gent” Burke, on whom the DeNiro character was based.
After it was raided by agents, Burke suspected that Katz had talked to law enforcement and killed him with a dog chain with Asaro, Valenti testified.
Asst. US attorney Nicole Argentieri — who Asaro tried to have whacked last year — said Monday that Valenti's cooperation had offered relief for the Katz family, who didn't know for 10 years what became of their father.
Meanwhile, in the same courthouse, another Bonanno associate and Asaro relative, Ronald Giallanzo, pleaded guilty to loansharking, extortion and other charges.
“In each case there was an implied threat that if the money was not paid it would come to violence or other means,” Giallanzo told the court, dabbing his face with a tissue.
He faces yo to 20 years behind bars when sentenced.
Cocky sports brothers will regret dumping these WAGs The Murray brothers are back on the market. After former minor league infielder Josh Murray broke off his engagement to “Bachelorette” beauty Andi Dorfman earlier this month, his younger brother...
How 'Bachelorette' winner was outdone by his QB brother ST. JOSEPH, Mo. — Chiefs rookie Aaron Murray was tied up in meetings Monday night, at the same time millions of people were tuning into ABC to see whether his...
Some shockers in late run on QBs at NFL Draft With the exception of the Michael Sam watch, quarterbacks dominated the NFL's final-day storyline Saturday. A whopping nine passers were taken in rounds 4-7 as the NFL Draft wrapped up...
The Josh Hamilton saga has taken another strange twist. The embattled slugger and addict admitted having an alcohol and cocaine relapse this past offseason, and is currently rehabbing from shoulder...
GORAKHPUR, India: Indian health authorities on Monday delivered oxygen to a public hospital where 63 people have died of encephalitis in recent days, nearly half of them children, as it ran out of medical supplies because of unpaid bills, triggering public outrage.
The deaths of the children have again exposed India's underfunded and poorly managed public health care despite Prime Minister Narendra Modi government's vows to revamp the system.
Hundreds of people die each year in India of encephalitis, a mosquito-borne disease common during the monsoon season, and no medical official directly linked the recent deaths to a lack of oxygen.
But complaints that the hospital in the eastern city of Gorakhpur did not have enough supplies has stoked anger against the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party which governs Uttar Pradesh state.
“We now have adequate supplies of oxygen cylinders, there was a shortage last week... but I am not in a position to say whether they were the cause behind the deaths,” R.K. Sahai, a senior medical officer in the hospital, said.
Television images of parents emerging from the hospital carrying the bodies of infants and alleging they died because there they didn't get oxygen have led to a firestorm of criticism of chief minister Yogi Adityanath, a saffron-robed Hindu hard-liner who took office earlier this year.
Bipin Singh said his six-year-old daughter died on Thursday because of lack of oxygen and he had seen six other children die for the same reason.
“My daughter and other children were unable to breathe. We kept telling the nurses that they should call the doctors. The doctors said they have ordered for oxygen cylinders but we never saw them being used.”
Bahadur Nishad, who lost a four-year-old son suffering from encephalitis, said he was ready to pay for the oxygen cylinders himself.
“They told me there was a shortage of cylinders,” he said and turned his wrath on chief minister Yogi Adityanath whose electoral constituency is Gorakhpur.
Other parents spoke of desperately trying to arrange basic materials such as cotton gauze, glucose injections and blood supplies as their children struggled for life in the wards.
Patients continued to stream into the hospital over the weekend. Some 450 patients suffering from encephalitis were admitted on Saturday alone, of whom 200 were children under 12, hospital records showed.
Many were being treated on the floor and near toilets due to the shortage of beds.
Government expenditure on public health is about one percent of GDP, among the world's lowest. In recent years, Modi's government has increased health spending and vowed to make health care more affordable.
The Uttar Pradesh government fired the head of the hospital as well as the doctor who headed the paediatrics department to head off criticism from the opposition.
But Rajeev Misra, the sacked chief of the hospital, told reporters he had repeatedly written to the state administration to release funds to pay suppliers.
Sahai, the medical officer at the hospital, said authorities were investigating the reasons for the shortage of oxygen cylinders.
GORAKHPUR, India: Indian health authorities on Monday delivered oxygen to a public hospital where 63 people have died of encephalitis in recent days, nearly half of them children, as it ran out of medical supplies because of unpaid bills, triggering public outrage.
The deaths of the children have again exposed India's underfunded and poorly managed public health care despite Prime Minister Narendra Modi government's vows to revamp the system.
Hundreds of people die each year in India of encephalitis, a mosquito-borne disease common during the monsoon season, and no medical official directly linked the recent deaths to a lack of oxygen.
But complaints that the hospital in the eastern city of Gorakhpur did not have enough supplies has stoked anger against the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party which governs Uttar Pradesh state.
“We now have adequate supplies of oxygen cylinders, there was a shortage last week... but I am not in a position to say whether they were the cause behind the deaths,” R.K. Sahai, a senior medical officer in the hospital, said.
Television images of parents emerging from the hospital carrying the bodies of infants and alleging they died because there they didn't get oxygen have led to a firestorm of criticism of chief minister Yogi Adityanath, a saffron-robed Hindu hard-liner who took office earlier this year.
Bipin Singh said his six-year-old daughter died on Thursday because of lack of oxygen and he had seen six other children die for the same reason.
“My daughter and other children were unable to breathe. We kept telling the nurses that they should call the doctors. The doctors said they have ordered for oxygen cylinders but we never saw them being used.”
Bahadur Nishad, who lost a four-year-old son suffering from encephalitis, said he was ready to pay for the oxygen cylinders himself.
“They told me there was a shortage of cylinders,” he said and turned his wrath on chief minister Yogi Adityanath whose electoral constituency is Gorakhpur.
Other parents spoke of desperately trying to arrange basic materials such as cotton gauze, glucose injections and blood supplies as their children struggled for life in the wards.
Patients continued to stream into the hospital over the weekend. Some 450 patients suffering from encephalitis were admitted on Saturday alone, of whom 200 were children under 12, hospital records showed.
Many were being treated on the floor and near toilets due to the shortage of beds.
Government expenditure on public health is about one percent of GDP, among the world's lowest. In recent years, Modi's government has increased health spending and vowed to make health care more affordable.
The Uttar Pradesh government fired the head of the hospital as well as the doctor who headed the paediatrics department to head off criticism from the opposition.
But Rajeev Misra, the sacked chief of the hospital, told reporters he had repeatedly written to the state administration to release funds to pay suppliers.
Sahai, the medical officer at the hospital, said authorities were investigating the reasons for the shortage of oxygen cylinders.
Image copyright Portsmouth City Council Image caption An artist's impression of how the planned defences could look at Long Curtain Moat
People are being asked for their views on a planned £114.5m scheme to replace sea defences in Southsea.
Portsmouth City Council wants to renew the existing defences between Old Portsmouth and Eastney, which are up to 100 years old in some places.
The authority said about 8,077 homes and 704 businesses are at risk of flooding without new defences.
If the scheme is approved, work could start in 2019 and would be phased along the seafront, according to the council.
Image copyright Portsmouth City Council Image caption Southsea Common could be fully pedestrianised under the plans, which have gone out for consultation
The council said the defences on the 2.8-mile (4.5km) stretch of seafront are likely to fail within 10 years.
Temporary repairs have been made to plug holes and shore up several collapses in sections of the sea wall.
Work could feature a combination of higher vertical sea walls and some sloped stepped areas with wider promenades, the council said.
It estimated the last section would be completed by 2026.
The consultation on the scheme, which is being partly funded by a £5.9m grant from central government, runs until 5 August.
WASHINGTON — Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's colleagues are largely rallying around the amid the ongoing attacks from President Donald Trump.
The intra-party spat is forcing Republicans to take sides in a dispute that many members say is counter-productive and pointless. And it's further threatening an uneasy alliance between the White House and the Republican-led Congress that has frayed over a stalled agenda.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed GOP Divide: Behind the Trump, McConnell Health Care Fallout 1:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
After Trump suggested that McConnell, R-Ky., should step down from his leadership role on Thursday, the longest-serving Republican in the Senate, Orrin Hatch of Utah, tweeted his support for McConnell. Hatch is one of the presidents' biggest and most vocal supporters in the Senate but he is fiercely loyal to his party and Senate leader.
"@SenateMajLdr has been the best leader we've had in my time in the Senate, through very tough challenges. I fully support him." -Hatch pic.twitter.com/3vD5nFgE36 — Senator Hatch Office (@senorrinhatch) August 10, 2017
Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., one of the newer members, also pledged his support to the majority leader, as did Sen. Thom Tillis, R-N.C., who was elected in 2014.
.@SenateMajLdr does a tough job well. He has my support. — Jeff Flake (@JeffFlake) August 10, 2017
As a former Speaker in NC, I know how difficult it is to manage a diverse caucus with different viewpoints and push major legislation. (1/4) — Senator Thom Tillis (@SenThomTillis) August 11, 2017
Sens. Dean Heller, R-Nev., Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., and Susan Collins, R-Me., also announced their support for McConnell.
I look forward to @SenateMajLdr's leadership as we work to reduce Americans' taxes. — Dean Heller (@DeanHeller) August 10, 2017
We have more work to do, and we need @SenateMajLdr's leadership and a unified Republican party to continue delivering results to all. — Johnny Isakson (@SenatorIsakson) August 11, 2017
Majority Leader McConnell understands the Senate is a deliberative & diverse body. He enjoys broad support in our Caucus. — Sen. Susan Collins (@SenatorCollins) August 11, 2017
Sen. Jerry Moran, R-Kan., told NBC News at a town hall event in Kansas on Thursday that he has full confidence in McConnell.
"I think it's so difficult for any majority leader to herd members of the United States Senate," Moran said. "The pressure has been on to do something. My goal has been to make certain that doing something is actually to do something good. And, I look forward to continuing to work with my Republican colleagues, including Sen. McConnell, as well as my Democratic colleagues, trying to figure out how we do good."
And Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, who is also McConnell's deputy in the Senate, is standing by the leader.
Passing POTUS's legislative agenda requires a team effort . No one is more qualified than Mitch McConnell to lead Senate in that effort. — JohnCornyn (@JohnCornyn) August 11, 2017
The spat is tearing at GOP unity at the same time that election-year politics are heating up.
Both Flake and Heller are facing difficult re-elections in 2018 and both have primary challengers who are running in lockstep with Trump. Flake has been an outspoken critic of the president; in a new book he says Republicans should stand up to the president when necessary. Meanwhile, Trump's team has encouraged Flake's opponent, Kelli Ward, to run and top Trump donors are funding her campaign.
A pro-Trump super PAC had previously threatened to run ads against Heller in Nevada. Republican Senate leaders said they have expressed their displeasure with the White House for threatening the re-election chances of sitting senators.
McConnell has remained steadfast in his support of Flake and Heller in their re-election bids and a pro-McConnell super PAC, the Senate Leadership Fund, has pledged to financially support both candidates.
But not all members of the Senate GOP have come out to unequivocally back McConnell. Some members have been more muted in their support.
Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisc., stayed out of the fray, saying on CNN's "New Day" that he'll "let this president speak for himself and his tactics."
Johnson has been critical of McConnell after the Senate Republican campaign arm stopped helping Johnson's re-election campaign in 2016 because the group thought he wouldn't be able to win.
And Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., who has not been shy about criticizing the president, did say some of the blame for the GOP's legislative failures is on McConnell.
“I like Mitch, but for eight years we've been saying we're going to repeal and replace ObamaCare; it's not like we made this up over night," Graham said on Fox News Radio's "The Brian Kilmeade Show" on Wednesday.
The commission Mayor de Blasio appointed to study monuments dedicated to controversial historical figures like Christopher Columbus will hold its first meeting Tuesday at City Hall– the day after Columbus Day, sources said.
De Blasio gave the 18-member panel 90 days to submit its non-binding proposals when it was appointed a month ago.
The panel's existence has enraged New York City's Italian American civic leaders, who are fighting to block a growing anti-Columbus movement from taking hold in the Big Apple.
A few cities, including Los Angeles, have scrapped Columbus Day and renamed it in honor of “indigenous” people.
Italian American leaders questioning the timing of the panel's first meeting.
“Scheduling the first meeting the day after Columbus Day is a cowardly indication of the commission's intention to ignore the Italian-American community whose NY values were on display throughout the state,” said Philip Foglia, head of the Italian American Legal Defense Fund.
“Scheduling a meeting with little or no public notice does not inspire confidence the commission even has a clue as to New York values. Please take notice that nearly half of the commission members are not even native New Yorkers.“
De Blasio hastily announced he was setting up the panel following rioting by white supremacists opposing the removal of confederate statues in Charlottesville, Va.
He's gotten blow back from Italian American groups ever since.
Actor Chazz Palminerti told The Post that City Hall's failure to stand up for Columbus is the reason he skipped the mayor's Italian Heritage reception Thursday night to accept an honor.
“The Italian-American community is rightfully upset with the disrespect it is enduring by those challenging Columbus statues. I stand emphatically with my community and felt it inappropriate to give any legitimacy to those not supportive of Italian Americans on this important issue,” Palminteri said in a statement.
“Our founding fathers saw fit to name the capital district in Columbus honor and now a commission is going to decide if his statue is appropriate? Ridiculous!”
Amid the controversy, vandals have defaced the Columbus monuments at Columbus Circle and in Central Park, triggering 24-7 police protection of the statues.
De Blasio has tried to quell the controversy.
“I think there's been a misunderstanding of what options could be utilized,” the mayor said in late August.
He said contested monuments might get plaques with explanations instead of being removed.
His spokesman said there is “no plan to touch” the Columbus statue in Columbus Circle.
Italian-Americans revere Columbus for discovering the Americas, seeing him a symbol of pride and progress.
But critics, citing evidence of Columbus' atrocities committed against the Taino indians and other native people in the Caribbean, said he doesn't deserve to be put on a pedestal.
Activist groups will hold an anti-Columbus Day tour at the American Museum of Natural History on Monday urging the city to “end its love affair with Christopher Columbus by replacing Columbus Day with Indigenous Peoples' Day.“
The petition sponsored by Decolonize This Place has gathered over 6,000 signatures.
Former N.C. sheriff's deputy Joshua Franklin “Hoppy” Hopkins gained national fame on the reality show “Southern Justice.” He was acquitted on Monday of a murder charge in the fatal shooting of a belligerent farmer in the North Carolina mountains. Screengrab of Facebook photo of Joshua Franklin “Hoppy” Hopkins
Here's something meaty to chew on. In celebration of the third annual National Jerky Day on Thursday, a mouthwatering 1,600-pound model of Mount Rushmore covered in dry meat – appropriately...
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – The Cross Creek Mobil gas station in New Tampa was burglarized early Monday morning. The thief broke into the ATM and stole more than $20,000 from the store.
“When I saw this machine broken and as soon as I turned the alarm off, I look at this machine and I am out of the store. I was scared,” said Walid Aboroomi, store owner.
He's scared of the bandit who broke into his store, broke into the cash register and took thousands in beer and cigarettes.
While Walid Aboroomi is upset someone stole from him, he said this crime stems from a different issue.
Late last night Aboroomi said he got a phone call and was threatened.
“It was an American accent. One hundred percent American. He said ‘F, Muslims I will get you and I will get your kids,'” said Aboroomi
Aboroomi got off the phone and the man called back.
“'Go back to your country,' you know. I said ‘I believe in one God, my wife is Christian, she's American and I love everybody' and then he hung up.”
Aboroomi was scared and closed his store early and went home. Then, this morning, he went into his store and found a huge mess.
“It's a hate crime. One hundred percent. It's a hate crime,” he said.
Detectives say they're looking into that possibility and also looking into the threatening phone calls. Meanwhile, Aboroomi is certain the person who threatened him on the phone is the same person who broke into his store.
“I have a Quran right here. It was moved from here and thrown on the floor. I put it back. He threw it on the floor? It was on the floor opened, wide open. I put it up there because I love it.”
Aboroomi said he tries to love everybody, but after the threat and the break-in, he's had all he can take.
“I'm willing to sell the place for half price today. For my safety, that is the only thing,” he said.
Aboroomi is offering a $5,000 reward for anyone who has information that leads to an arrest.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>>BACK TO TOP STORIES
President Trump whisked a “little piece of dandruff” off French President Emmanuel Macron's suit Tuesday morning during a state visit at the White House.
Trump gushed about his friendship with Macron before leaning over and using his index finger to flick the French leader's jacket.
“They're all saying what a great relationship we have and they're actually correct. It's not fake news … But we do have a very special relationship,” Trump told reporters. “In fact, I'll get that little piece of dandruff off. We have to make him perfect. He is perfect.”
ALBANY – Gov. Cuomo said Wednesday that the law banning...
ALBANY – New York City's 5-cent bag fee has been sacked.
Gov. Cuomo on Tuesday signed a bill blocking the city from imposing the fee for at least a year, saying it makes more sense to come up with a program statewide.
“The law was drafted so that merchants keep the five cent fee as profit, instead of the money being used to solve the problem of plastic bags' environmental impact – essentially amounting to a $100 million per year windfall to merchants,” Cuomo said.
“A $100 million bonus to private companies is beyond the absurd. The windfall profit to private entities is unjustifiable and unnecessary.”
The city collects an average of 1,700 tons of plastic bags each week, costing $12.5 million annually in disposal costs. Statewide, New Yorkers use an estimated 23 billion plastic bags annually.
The bags pollute the state's waterways from the Adirondacks to Long Island and get stuck in trees on the Grand Concourse in the Bronx, Cuomo said.
“A statewide solution is the most appropriate way to address this issue,” he said.
The governor said he would create a task force to consider whether to ban plastic and paper carryout products, tax plastic bags or supply residents with reusable bags.
The “bag tax” bill passed the City Council 28-20, only to be blocked by the state legislature.
It was scheduled to take effect Wednesday.
Several state lawmakers, including Assemblyman Luis Sepulveda, a Bronx Democrat, Sen. Marisol Alcantara of Manhattan and Sen. Ruben Diaz of the Bronx, proposed a possible alternative.
They want to offer a 3-cent instant tax rebate to shoppers who use their own bags.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
106-year-old Afghan woman granted asylum in Sweden STOCKHOLM, Sweden — A Swedish administrative court says a 106-year-old Afghan woman who made a perilous journey to Europe in 2015 that involved her son and grandson carrying her through...
106-year-old Afghan woman faces deportation from Sweden HOVA, Sweden — A 106-year-old Afghan woman who made a perilous journey to Europe, carried by her son and grandson through mountains, deserts and forests, is facing deportation from Sweden...
Stockholm attack suspect was rejected asylum-seeker: cops STOCKHOLM — The Stockholm truck attack suspect from Uzbekistan was a rejected asylum-seeker who eluded authorities' attempts to deport him by giving police a wrong address, Swedish police said Sunday...
Accused bank hacker claims Russia offered him asylum He'd rather fight than switch! A 32-year-old American accused of pulling off the biggest bank hack in history decided he'd rather face the music here than work as a cyber...
Refugees in England say red doors are making them targets for racism Asylum-seekers in an English town are being made easy targets for racists because most are being housed in homes with red front doors, according to the refugees. The immigrants in...
German town bars refugees from pool after harassment complaints BORNHEIM, Germany — A western German town has barred adult male asylum seekers from its public indoor swimming pool after receiving complaints that some women were sexually harassed there. It...
Afghans so desperate for asylum they're buying fake Taliban threat letters KABUL, Afghanistan — Threatening letters from the Taliban, once tantamount to a death sentence, are now being forged and sold to Afghans who want to start a new life in...
Germany struggling to house asylum-seekers BERLIN — Twenty-three-year-old Leila, her husband and two small children spent their first week in Germany in a temporary shelter, an austere but desperately needed haven after a traumatic flight...
French president denies WikiLeaks' Assange asylum PARIS — WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has failed in a bid to win asylum in France. Assange wrote a letter to French President Francois Hollande published in Le Monde on...
From Lynchburg Police: Just after 10 AM on Saturday, March 17, the Lynchburg Police Department and Lynchburg Fire & EMS responded to the 3700 block of Campbell Avenue in reference to a hit and run involving a pedestrian. The suspect vehicle, possibly a white or silver Oldsmobile Alero with Virginia tags, had a black male driver and fled in the direction of Route 460.
Just prior to the crash, the suspect driver entered the Speedway gas station at 3732 Campbell Avenue. He was wearing a black zip hooded sweatshirt and a light colored ball cap. The suspect left the store and made a left turn onto Campbell Avenue heading toward Florida Avenue. The pedestrian was attempting to cross the road, heading in the direction of the store, when he was struck by the vehicle. The victim rolled onto the hood before being thrown off the vehicle into the street as the suspect quickly stopped. The suspect backed up and then drove around the victim, fleeing in the direction of Route 460.
Campbell Avenue was reduced to one southbound lane for a short period of time during the investigation. The pedestrian victim has been identified as Fred Wayne Donovan (72) of Lynchburg. Donovan sustained significant injuries during the crash and he was transported to Lynchburg General Hospital for medical treatment. He is currently listed in critical condition.
Photos of the suspect and the vehicle are attached in an attempt to identify and locate. Charges are pending further investigation by the Lynchburg Police Department.
A report from CNBC last month claimed that T-Mobile and Sprint were in talks of a merger. While a merger/buyout between the two carriers has been rumored for years, CNBC claimed that T-Mobile's parent company Deutsche Telekom would emerge as the majority owner of the new combined carrier. According to a new report from Bloomberg, negotiations between the two companies are almost complete.
The report claims that Sprint and T-Mobile are putting the finishing touches on the merger, which will likely be announced at the quarterly earnings report at the end of this month. Some of the current discussion topics include Sprint's valuation (estimated to be around $29 billion), the location of the combined company's headquarters, and appointments to the executive management team.
The merge is not expected to include a breakup/termination fee, meaning if one company backed out of the deal, there would be no financial penalty. This would align both companies to lobby government regulators for approval without any conflicts of interest. After AT&T called off its buyout of T-Mobile in 2011 due to government opposition, the company paid a $4 billion breakup fee to T-Mobile, which helped strengthen T-Mobile as a competitor.
The dates of T-Mobile and Sprint's quarterly earnings reports have not been set yet. Last year, T-Mobile's was on October 24, and Sprint's was the next day. Bloomberg reports that the deal may be pushed to a later date if the remaining details can't be worked out in time.
ITHACA, N.Y. — Matt Morgan scored 17 of his 28 points in the final 8 1/2 minutes and Joel Davis hit two free throws with 25 seconds left to help Cornell beat Dartmouth 86-85 on Friday night.
Davis finished with 16 points. Stone Gettings had 20 points, five rebounds and five assists, while Steven Julian added nine points and 10 rebounds for Cornell (8-10, 2-3 Ivy League).
Taylor Johnson made two free throws to give Dartmouth an 84-79 lead with a minute left. Morgan hit a jumper and, after Will Emery made 1 of 2 free throws on the other end, added a 3-pointer that pulled Cornell within one with 33 seconds to go. Davis made a steal, was fouled and hit two free throws eight seconds later to put the Big Red up 86-85. Johnson missed a jumper with four seconds to go and Cornell's Terrance McBride grabbed the rebound to seal it.
Johnson led Dartmouth (4-14, 0-5) with 25 points, Miles Wright scored 18 and Ian Sistare had a career-high 15 points. Wright now has 1,006 career points.
The Big Green has lost eight in a row.
Oh, it's marvellous to be treated as an adult and to be allowed to enjoy the sunny uplands of maturity by a television drama that looks directly at me and says: “This is going to hurt.”
Apple Tree Yard, whose final episodes are on Sunday and Monday (BBC1), has been piercing and painful and a rare example of a work of television fiction that is ruthlessly, excruciatingly honest about so many things; what can be the initial heady liberation of apparently no-strings adultery for a (cover your ears/look away now) middle-aged woman with much to lose. And, most importantly, the destructive consequences of a savage act.
I know I take this particular horse to water regularly, but it still must be said, loud and clear – if a drama involves the rape of a character (female or male) it has an absolute duty to spare us little. Apple Tree Yard has spared us nothing.
Its lead character Yvonne Carmichael (Emily Watson, who is just terrific) is a successful, respected geneticist, who starts a torrid affair with a stranger. They simply pick each other up after she's given evidence to a House of Commons select committee, and do the deed in a cupboard in the Crypt. Wey-hey! It's out of character for Yvonne, who seems to be happily married in an affluent suburb, with a lovely kitchen and a commendable recycling routine.
She secretly smiles to herself on the Tube, hugging her secret, and carries a new confidence as she's warmed like a sunflower by the attention of a thrillingly mysterious man whose name she doesn't know.
But Yvonne's life and spirit are destroyed when she's savagely sexually assaulted by a colleague at a leaving do, and this is where Apple Tree Yard takes us into territory that's rarely explored – consequences.
Because Apple Tree Yard is ALL consequences. It treats the attack, not just as a plot point or as a means of teaching Yvonne a medieval lesson (she's had an affair and she's married! PUNISH HER!) but as an action from which everything else springs, everything, right up to the closing moments of the very last episode.
Author Louise Doughty explored this magnificently in her original novel and adapter Amanda Coe has done a fine job of staying absolutely true to the spirit.
But what I really love about Apple Tree Yard is its constant challenges to us, the audience. What would you do? It wants to know. Would you happily be tupped by a stranger in a cupboard? Would you really take off your knickers in a pub toilet at the behest of your lover before a swift rogering in an alleyway?
It wonders, too, whether we are the kind of people who make judgements about rape victims. There's a chilling scene where a police officer informally talks to Yvonne about making an official complaint. “[Your] being drunk will be a gift for the defence.”
And you'll want to thump an odious little twerp who advises Yvonne about a court appearance: “You ladies don't make it easy for us.”
But it's a level of Apple Tree Yard's sophistication and maturity that it presents us with the unpalatable and then doesn't give us any answers. It's a thoroughly adult drama for the 21st century, though having said that I'm not sure even ten years ago a television drama would invite such excoriating self-examination from its audience. It's been a long time coming, but I'm glad we are being trusted to think the unthinkable for ourselves.
Wordpress Theme + This Landing Page
Wordpress Theme + This Landing Page Your product deserves the best presentation. And you can get it here!
This ultimate landing page you are current looking at is included in the Agency Pack. Feel free to create unlimited projects and impress your clients or audience. The Brut Wordpress Theme is included as well.
Image copyright PA Image caption Roger Giese is accused of sexually abusing a boy and is wanted for trial in California
An alleged paedophile who was on the FBI's most wanted list can be extradited to the USA, a judge has ruled.
US national Roger Giese, 42, is wanted for trial in California, charged with sexually abusing a boy under the age of 14 between 1998 and 2002.
His counsel had argued conditions in US prisons and an extended custody threat meant he should not be sent back.
The Secretary of State will now make a final decision on the case.
District judge Margot Coleman said she had thought a "great deal" about the case before ruling against Mr Giese at Westminster Magistrates' Court.
Image copyright FBI Image caption The FBI previously issued an appeal for information on Mr Giese's whereabouts
Mr Giese emptied his bank account and fled to the UK on the eve of his trial in 2007, leaving his family behind.
He is wanted in Orange County after allegedly befriending the child when working as a voice coach for the All-American Boys Chorus in 1998.
As well as child sex offences, US Federal authorities also issued a warrant for Mr Giese's arrest on a charge of "unlawful flight to avoid prosecution".
The married former choirmaster was eventually traced to a Hampshire village where he was living under a different name, working for a PR company, and cohabiting with a woman who knew nothing of his true identity.
Since 2014, a series of extradition battles have been fought after the Home Office certified a request from the US.
Mr Giese's removal was previously blocked by High Court judges on human rights grounds.
He now has 14 days to appeal against the decision.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Data gathered from Facebook was used to aid Donald Trump's election campaign
Politicians in the US, Europe and the UK are calling on Facebook to explain how data on millions of its users was harvested.
US senators have called on Mark Zuckerberg to testify before Congress about how it will protect users.
The head of the European Parliament said it would investigate to see if the data was misused.
A spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said she was "very concerned" about the revelations.
Over the weekend, the Guardian and the New York Times published stories which alleged that Facebook had not done enough to warn millions of users that data firm Cambridge Analytica had collected information about them.
Facebook blocked Cambridge Analytica's pages on its network while it investigated claims that the data grabbed by the firm was gathered inappropriately and had not been deleted.
The information was amassed via a personality quiz app created by a Cambridge Analytica subsidiary. The information gathered is believed to have been used to aid Donald Trump's 2016 election campaign.
Facebook and Cambridge Analytica both maintain that they have not acted improperly.
Election probe
In addition to calls from US politicians for explanations, Massachusetts' attorney general said it planned to look into the data grab. Other political figures urged the Federal Trade Commission to probe Facebook to assess how well it safeguarded user data.
Antonio Tajani, who heads the European Parliament, said it wanted to find out if data had been misused. He said Facebook had to take more responsibility for users' data and added that "allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights".
The European Commission is already believed to have made contact with Facebook about the probe.
The UK Prime Minster's spokesman echoed this call, saying: "It is essential that people can have confidence that their personal data will be protected and used in an appropriate way."
The UK's Information Commissioner said it would consider the information about the data grab as part of a larger probe into whether data culled from social media had been abused in British elections.
Facebook has not yet commented on the growing calls from politicians to explain its actions.
The weekend's events also prompted widespread criticism in the technology world. Editorials called on Facebook's leadership to act more decisively and on Tech Crunch, Josh Constine rehearsed Facebook's controversial decisions and policy changes over the last decade. He said it needed to address problems more comprehensively rather than "drag its feet".
Stock analyst Brian Wieser from the Pivotal Research Group told Reuters that regulatory oversight of Facebook was likely to get more intense.
"We think this episode is another indication of systemic problems at Facebook," he said.
The growing chorus of criticism prompted shares in Facebook to drop by more than 7% in early trading.
How to protect your data on Facebook
There are a few things to be aware of if you want to restrict who has access to your data.
Keep an eye on apps, especially those which require you to log in using your Facebook account - they often have a very wide range of permissions and many are specifically designed to pick up your data
Use an ad blocker to limit advertising
Look at your Facebook security settings and make sure you are aware of what is enabled. Check the individual app settings to see whether you have given them permission to view your friends as well as yourself.
You can download a copy of the data Facebook holds on you, although it is not comprehensive. There is a download button at the bottom of the General Account Settings tab. However bear in mind that your data may be less secure sitting on your laptop than it is on Facebook's servers, if your device is hacked.
You can of course, simply leave Facebook, but the campaign group Privacy International warns that privacy concerns extend beyond the social network.
"The current focus is on protecting your data being exploited by third parties, but your data is being exploited all the time," said a spokeswoman.
"Many apps on your phone will have permission to access location data, your entire phone book and so on. It is just the tip of the iceberg."
The celebrity chef believes New York City will witness 15-20% of it eateries close in the next two years.
Arsenal forced to quell Mesut Ozil transfer speculation
We've seen a lot of tweets about this, so to clarify…@MesutOzil1088 misses #AFCvCPFC due to illness pic.twitter.com/mrHON4I0mq — Arsenal FC (@Arsenal) January 1, 2017
Arsenal have posted a tweet to clarify Mesut Ozil's absence from the squad to face Crystal Palace today in an effort to ends rumours about his future.
With the Gunners star's name missing from the teamsheet, the January transfer window set to kick into action and Ozil still holding out over signing a new contract, many people started to put two and two together.
The north London club's official Twitter account were quick to claim that Ozil was missing due to illness.
The Washington Redskins blew a chance at the postseason. Who deserves the blame for the loss?
The Washington Redskins squandered a chance at a second consecutive postseason appearance by losing in a win-and-you're-in game against the New York Giants on Sunday. There were several causes for this loss, which was a contest that oddsmakers had them easily winning against a Giants team who had nothing to play for. Some of these were specific to the game itself. But others were a product of recurring issues the team had failed to address over the course of the season.
That said, there has to be some blame for what happens. Every team needs to figure out their major issues in the offseason, and the Redskins will be no different. With that in mind, here's a look at who to blame for the loss.
While Jay Gruden and Sean McVay deserve credit for the offense's success this season, they were primarily responsible for the team's failure against the Giants
Jay Gruden and his coaching staff deserve the first – and perhaps largest — share of culpability for the team's latest failure to control its own playoff destiny. The Redskins came out flat and listless, looking very much like a unit scoreboard-watching to determine who they'd be facing next week. Far from playing with the urgency needed in a one-and-done elimination game, they bought into the groundswell of public opinion that the Giants, with no stake in the outcome of the game, would simply play their regulars to maintain some rhythm and would let them take a seat no later than halftime.
More from Riggo's Rag
That, of course, didn't occur and it was far too late before the Redskins realized that they'd be facing Eli Manning and his usual supporting staff instead of Josh Johnson and others far down the Giants depth chart. Like a general expecting an overmatched foe to sue for peace, Gruden and the Redskins were convinced that conquest against an undermanned Giants squad wasn't just expected – it, in fact, was inevitable.
This gross miscalculation doomed the Redskins from the very start. Instead of forcing the Giants to consider benching their starters by scoring early, the Redskins made the Giants' decision to continue playing them easy by staking New York to a 10-0 halftime lead. The Redskins never recovered from its tepid start in a game punctuated by an assortment of errors and lack of discipline. Between Josh Norman's personal fouls and the inexplicable time management debacle to end the first half, the Redskins looked more like a team with nothing to lose than the Giants did.
Let's Keep How Much Blame To Assign To Cousins In Perspective
It's easy to blame Kirk Cousins for the team's failure to deliver in a game with clear playoff implications. Evaluation of his performance against the Giants will center on his two interceptions, both of which could have been avoided. The first was a result of Maurice Harris falling down. However, Cousins also missed a wide open Jamison Crowder for a touchdown on that play. That would've cut the Giants lead to one field goal and established momentum for an offense that clearly lacked it for most of the game.
Cousins' second pick was one eerily reminiscent of those he threw earlier in his career. On a late-game drive that could've extended the Redskins season, Cousins was avoiding pressure and stepping up in the pocket on a first-down play. Cousins' best option at that point was to run with the ball and gain some yardage on first down. That would've marched the team closer to a game-tying field goal or game-winning touchdown with plenty of time left on the clock. Instead, Cousins threw off his back foot and tried to force a pass he didn't have to. Giants cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, who already hit a contract incentive by intercepting an earlier Cousins pass, read Cousins eyes and stepped in front of Pierre Garcon to pick off a pass with little zip on it.
While Cousins could've done better in other aspects of his game, that he was pressed into winning the game in the first place is symptomatic of other glaring shortcomings the team has faced throughout the year. Indeed, it's often easy to assign fault to Cousins when he's the last one holding the ball when the team comes up short. However, Cousins, like this game, has been victimized by the optics of a quarterback who frequently is asked to remedy problems he didn't create.
The Absence Of A Running Game Continues To Plague The Redskins
One of these is the continuing lack of a viable running game, which featured a paltry 38 yards rushing yards, on 2.5 yards per carry. When the Redskins tried to achieve some run-pass balance by feeding Robert Kelley, he was only able to muster 33 yards on 12 carries. Kelley's failure to convert a third-and-inches early in the game was the first of several ineffective runs on his part. That forced several unfavorable downs-and-distances and, in turn, obvious passing plays. This allowed the Giants, who could afford to employ any gameplan they chose, to blitz and pressure Cousins on countless occasions.
The failed third-and-inches play was also illustrative of a poorly-planned offensive strategy that Gruden and McVay had implemented in prior games this year. And that was a flawed gameplan that sought to achieve some semblance of a run-pass balance with a running game that went nowhere. However much of an improvement that Kelley may be over Matt Jones, Kelley is still nothing more than, at most, an average back, at least as of now. Relying on him to forge some sense of parity to one of the league's leading aerial attacks didn't work tonight as it had not on many other instances this season.
On the other hand, when the Redskins abandoned the run and substituted it for short passes, the offense clicked. Cousins, who is often a rhythm passer, benefits from mixing in dink-and-dunk throws with other chunk yardage plays that lead him to shattering franchise records this season. This pass-first strategy not only formed the foundation for the team's record-setting passing game, it also set up runs to keep defenses honest and keyed play-action passes that the Redskins often turn to. By resorting to a run game for a balance that didn't work, though, the team once again forced Cousins into compensating for deficiencies few other quarterbacks can overcome.
Joe Barry And The Defense Also Were Key Contributors To The Giants Loss
Another prominent cause of the Redskins demise was a familiar culprit this season: Joe Barry and the defense. For one, the defense could not, yet again, stop the run. The Giants managed to register 161 yards on the ground, which was 10 yards less than Manning's passing totals tonight. While the Giants run game slowed towards the end, the Giants were able to control the ball nearly 60% of the time. In doing so, they kept the Redskins offense off the field for large swaths of time and robbed it of opportunities to establish consistency against the Giants defense.
Manning passed for a pedestrian 180 yards, but he made throws at key junctures of the game to either move the chains and lead what proved to be the winning drive for his team. Manning's low octane output wasn't surprising since he entered this game as a passer with happy feet and jittery confidence behind a spotty offensive line.
Instead of taking advantage of this by blitzing Manning, Barry was more than content to play coverage and allow Manning a virtually pressure-free day. This spotted the Giants to a 10-0 lead at halftime and the ability to sufficiently control the clock for nearly 36 minutes. And it was also reason enough to justify the Giants decision to keep Manning in for the entirety of the game.
Looking Forward, It's Important To Determine What's A Problem And What's Not
Like the end of last season, the Giants' loss will trigger some needed soul-searching to identify and fix problems for the upcoming season. Whatever they may be, one of them isn't Cousins himself, who the team forced to become the team's breadwinner for nearly every game in 2016. Cousins, who often had to cover for lapses in other phases of the Redskins offense and defense, had made his case as the team's franchise quarterback long before tonight's abrupt season-ending loss. The Redskins would be well-advised to quickly sign him to a long-term deal and continue to build a team around him.
The Redskins will have about $62 million in cap space this coming off-season. They can use this to sign Cousins, re-sign some others in-house and to search for free agents such as the Eagles' defensive tackle Bennie Logan, who will be a free agent this offseason. But the Redskins future begins by retaining a quarterback who nearly threw for 5,000 yards, a feat accomplished by only five other passers in League history. And that can begin as early as tomorrow.
This article originally appeared on
Melaye never evaded arrest, says media aide
Mr Gideon Ayodele, the Special Adviser (Media) to embattled senator representing Kogi West Senatorial District, Sen. Dino Melaye, said the lawmaker never evaded arrest by the police.
Ayodele in statement in Abuja on Tuesday said: “for the avoidance of doubt, Sen. Melaye had never evaded police invitation before now because there was none extended to him in the first place.
“Rather, what the Police Force Public Relations Officer Mr Jimoh Moshood had been doing was to summon the senator through media briefings, a practice unconventional.”
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Nigeria Police had on Monday laid siege at residence of the lawmaker.
However, a statement earlier on Tuesday quoted the police as saying that Melaye as law-abiding citizen voluntarily submitted himself to operatives of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) who laid siege to his private residence since around 3.35 p.m. of Monday, April 23, 2018.
The statement added that “he (Melaye), along with his lawyers and personal aides, were driven in his private car to the SARS office in Guzape district of Abuja, among numerous police vehicles earlier deployed to his house.
Read More: How Dino Melaye escaped from police custody
“With the media hype the whole saga generated especially his unwarranted travails in the hands of Immigration officials at Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja on Monday and the attendant but dramatic police siege to his private residence thereafter, it became necessary for Melaye to end the drama, hence his choice to appear before the police.”
Melaye's aide said “we are constrained to make the record straight sequel to avalanche of calls by well-meaning Nigerians and supporters.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Saudi FM Al-Jubeir: Qatar should pay for US troops in Syria
RIYADH: Qatar should pay for the presence of US military forces in Syria, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Al-Jubeir said in a statement carried by the Saudi Press Agency (SPA).
FM Jubeir's statement came following comments made by US President Donald Trump during a joint press conference with his French counterpart Emmanuel Macaron.
Jubeir stated that Qatar must send its military forces to Syria “before the American President cancels American protection of Qatar, which hosts a (US) military base on its lands”.
In his statement, the Saudi FM also said that if US does withdraw its protection - in the form of military base - “the (Qatari) regime would fall there in less than a week”.
Disgraced Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who abandoned his post in Afghanistan and was held prisoner by the Taliban for five years, is expected to plead guilty to desertion and misbehavior before the enemy.
Bergdahl's decision to admit his guilt rather than face trial marks another twist in a bizarre eight-year drama that caused the nation to wrestle with difficult questions of loyalty, negotiating with hostage takers and America's commitment not to leave its troops behind.
President Trump has called Bergdahl a “no-good traitor” who “should have been executed.”
It's unclear whether the Idaho native, 31, will be locked up or receive a lesser sentence that reflects the time the Taliban held him under brutal conditions.
He has said he was caged, kept in the dark, beaten and chained to a bed.
Bergdahl could face up to five years on the desertion charge and a life sentence for misbehavior.
Freed three years ago, Bergdahl had been scheduled for trial in late October.
He chose to let a judge rather than a military jury decide his fate, but a guilty plea later this month will spare the need for a trial.
Sentencing will start on Oct. 23, individuals with knowledge of the case told the Associated Press.
During sentencing, US troops who were seriously wounded searching for Bergdahl in Afghanistan are expected to testify, the sources said.
It was unclear whether prosecutors and Bergdahl's defense team had reached any agreement ahead of sentencing about how severe a penalty prosecutors will recommend.
Bergdahl's lawyer, Eugene Fidell, declined to comment on Friday. Maj. Justin Oshana, who is prosecuting the case, referred questions to the Army, which declined to discuss whether Bergdahl had agreed to plead guilty.
“We continue to maintain careful respect for the military-judicial process, the rights of the accused and ensuring the case's fairness and impartiality during this ongoing legal case,” said Paul Boyce, an Army spokesman.
Bergdahl was a 23-year-old private first class in June 2009 when, after five months in Afghanistan, he disappeared from his remote infantry post near the Pakistan border, triggering a massive search operation.
Videos soon emerged showing Bergdahl in captivity by the Taliban, and the US kept tabs on him with drones, spies and satellites as behind-the-scenes negotiations played out in fits and starts.
In May 2014, he was handed over to US special forces in a swap for five Taliban detainees at the Guantanamo Bay prison, fueling an emotional debate about whether Bergdahl was a hero or a deserter.
As critics questioned whether the trade was worth it, President Obama stood with Bergdahl's parents in the White House Rose Garden and defended the swap.
The US does not “leave our men or women in uniform behind,” Obama said, regardless of how Bergdahl came to be captured.
Trump, as a presidential candidate, was unforgiving of Bergdahl, who has been assigned to desk duty at a Texas Army base pending the outcome of his case.
At campaign events, Trump declared that Bergdahl “would have been shot” in another era, even pantomiming the pulling of the trigger.
“We're tired of Sgt. Bergdahl, who's a traitor, a no-good traitor, who should have been executed,” Trump said at a Las Vegas rally in 2015.
With AP
A man's body was discovered floating in the Hudson River off Manhattan on Tuesday morning, authorities said.
The badly decomposed body was found near Battery Park around 7:45 a.m., cops said.
Police were still working to identify the victim.
The city Medical Examiner's Office will determine the cause of death.
With Season 2 of “The Handmaid's Tale” just around the corner, the cast and crew are out there beating the promotional pavement. Deadline Hollywood reported select members of the Emmy-sweeping show gathered at PaleyFest with a grim forecast for Season 2. Not exactly surprising.
Show runner Bruce Miller indicated that death and chaos would be the order of the day as the Commanders of Gilead ratchet down on the errant Handmaids, led by Offred/June (Elisabeth Moss).
Will the cast as we know it survive the season? “Oh, no,” Miller said.
“Anyone could die,” said executive producer Warren Littlefield.
Yvonne Strahovski, who plays the barren Serena Joy, advised viewers to “expect the unexpected.”
New additions to the sprawling cast include Broadway actress Cherry Jones as June's mother, Bradley Whitford as a Gilead commander and Clea DuVall as Ofglen's wife (seen in flashbacks).
In what was already looking like a disastrous season, the Jets have brought Armageddon upon themselves in the form of Armagedon Draughn. Draughn, a 6-foot-4, 195-pound defensive back, was released...
Coulrophobes should steer clear of Burger King this Halloween.
The burger chain expecting lots and lots of clowns next week. The chain announced today in a video release that they will be offering free Whoppers to anyone dressed up like a clown for their Scary Clown Night. They also took some time in the video to make a few digs at one clown in particular.
According to Burger King's press release, “clowns are the third most sought after Halloween costume of 2017,” which prompted the brand to jump on the trend.
The video they released for Scary Clown Night starts with a kid biking through the streets at night when he is confronted by a clown bearing a striking likeness to McDonald's iconic mascot Ronald McDonald. The advertisement continues with clowns of all shapes and make-up following the bike to Burger King.
The video then ends with the Ronald McDonald-like clown demanding a Whopper.
The Home of the Whopper takes another jab with the final tag line: come as a clown, eat like a king.
This comes after a Burger King in Germany used the two-hour showing of “It” as one epic commercial, and after a Russian Burger King tried to ban the viewing of the film on grounds that it gave free promotion to McDonald's.
The fast food giant will be offering the deal to the first 500 guests that come into participating stores dressed as clowns between 7pm and 3am on October 31.
State Rep. Beverly Boswell was defeated in a bitter primary just weeks ago, but members of a new party want to make sure that she and other defeated candidates will be able to try again in November if they choose.
Those options could close if the legislature includes what's called a "sore loser" provision in an election law.
State law prevents candidates who lose primaries from running for the same office that same year as write-in candidates. The new proposal would extend the prohibition to defeated candidates running as members of the Green Party or Constitution Party. The Green Party won state recognition this year and the Constitution Party is expected to make it.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Members of the Constitution Party delivered petitions to the state elections board Wednesday with enough signatures, they said, to earn official recognition as the state's fifth party. The Constitution Party would join Democrats, Republicans, Libertarians, and Greens.
A Constitution Party officer also delivered the message that candidates will sue if a new state law prevents primary losers from running again this year.
Kevin Hayes, the Constitution Party vice-chairman, said passing the law for this year amounts to changing the rules after the process has started.
"If it goes through, it will be challenged in court," Hayes said. Legislators could change the proposal so it won't apply until next year, he said.
One defeated candidate, Greg Holt — a Craven County Republican who lost a county commissioner primary — has asked the Constitution Party to select him as a candidate for fall, party chairman Al Pisano said. The Constitution Party and the Green Party are holding conventions in June.
The provision won House committee approval Wednesday over the objection of some committee members.
Rep. Michael Speciale, a Craven County Republican, wanted the provision removed, and some Democrats agreed with his position.
"We're in the middle of an election cycle when new parties are being approved," Speciale said.
Rep. David Lewis, a Harnett County Republican, said the provision should stay because it was always the intent to treat new parties like the others.
Boswell, a one-term Republican from Dare County, says she's been talking to Constitution Party members about running again in November.
Rep. Beverly Boswell NC General Assembly
Boswell said she is a loyal Republican and has mixed feelings about running as a Constitution Party member.
"What I've heard so far — I'm open to options," she said.
Republicans worry she would split the Republican vote with GOP primary winner Bobby Hanig, she said. That would help the Democratic candidate.
Video
The Dead Sea is receding by more than 1m (3ft) a year.
It is leading to the formation of sinkholes which have caused the destruction of a major road and the loss of a tourist resort which was one of the Dead Sea's few public beaches.
But could the damage caused by the sinkholes be turned into something positive?
The BBC Travel Show's Jo Whalley finds out more.
If you are visiting the Dead Sea you do not need to worry about a sinkhole opening up under the beach as the affected areas are clearly signposted. Areas with sinkholes can be dangerous should not be entered without guidance from an expert.
Feds indict ex-congressman who had 'Downton Abbey' office PEORIA, Ill. — The Illinois congressman who resigned amid scrutiny of lavish spending — including remodeling his Capitol Hill office in the style of the television series “Downton Abbey” —...
Ex-congressman Aaron Schock might be missing CHICAGO — Where is Aaron Schock? An attorney for a campaign donor suing the former Illinois congressman has told a federal judge he can't locate the Republican who resigned in...
Congressman with 'Downton Abbey' office resigns amid spending scandal WASHINGTON — Republican Rep. Aaron Schock of Illinois, dogged about irregularities in his campaign finance and congressional spending accounts, suddenly announced on Tuesday that he would resign his House seat...
Congressman took staffers on lavish trip on taxpayers' dime A congressman — who last month had to repay the government $40,000 after it was revealed he used taxpayer money to decorate his DC office based on the sets in...
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. — Josey Jewell of Iowa has won the Lott IMPACT Trophy as the college defensive player having the biggest influence on his team.
The other finalists were Micah Kiser of Virginia, Harrison Phillips of Stanford and Minkah Fitzpatrick of Alabama.
Jewell received the award Sunday night from Ronnie Lott at the Pacific Club in Newport Beach. It goes to a player with strong academic work, community involvement and team leadership.
The senior linebacker from Decorah, Iowa, had 136 tackles, 13.5 tackles for losses and 11 passes broken up this season. He was an All-Big Ten selection and also was an academic All-Big Ten selection, with a 3.0 GPA as an environmental study major.
Iowa will receive $25,000 for its general scholarship fund.
The Hawkeyes play Boston College in the Pinstripe Bowl on Dec. 27.
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
The Government Communications Security Bureau (GCSB) will extend its Malware-Free Networks cyber defence initiative, minister Andrew Little has announced.
The decision to expand the programme follows a success pilot the GCSB carried out with Vodafone and some its consenting customers, Little says.
“The pilot showed the Malware-Free Networks (MFN) capability has the potential to disrupt a significant volume of malicious cybersecurity,” he says. “There was a substantial increase in the volume of activity detected and disrupted when the MFN information was used in conjunction with the network operator's existing cybersecurity capability.”
Little says the cost of the extending the MFN will be part of the GCSB's existing budget.
According to information on the GCSB website, the MFN service builds on the malware detection capability already provided by ISPs and it involves the GCSB sharing cyber threat information and technology with consenting organisations. The focus is on foreign-sourced malware “that is particularly advanced in terms of technical sophistication and/or persistence.”
MFN was developed as part of the CORTEX initiative, which provides an advanced cyber defence that goes beyond the capabilities of commercially available products and services. CORTEX protects again theft of intellectual property, loss of customer data, destruction or dissemination of private communications, holding data for ransom and damage to IT networks and services.
GCSB won't disclose what organisations are taking part in CORTEX and MFN, but they are identified through the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet, and include government departments, key economic generators, niche exporters, research institutions and operators of critical national infrastructure.
“I expect over the next two years a substantial number of New Zealand's nationally significant organisations will have engaged with the GCSB on Malware-Free Networks,” Little says.
The move to extend the MFN is part of a number of announcements made by the Government recently around Cybersecurity. Little is part of the Cabinet External Relations and Security Committee, which also includes Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, Deputy Prime Minister Winston Peters, Finance Minister Grant Robertson, Attorney General David Parker and Communications Minister Clare Curran.
Curran recently announced a refresh of the Cybersecurity Strategy and Action Plan, while in the budget $3.9 million of new operating funding over the next four years was provided to the Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT).
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A federal judge has ordered Kansas' top elections official to turn over a proposed change to federal voting rights laws that he took to a meeting with President Donald Trump.
After privately examining the documents, U.S. Magistrate James O'Hara ruled Monday that parts of documents from Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach are “unquestionably relevant” to a lawsuit challenging a state law requiring voters provide proof of their U.S. citizenship when registering.
The order also instructs Kobach to produce a related internal document about proposed changes to the National Voter Registration Act. The ruling allowed him to redact parts of the plan that did not involve the voting rights issues.
An Associated Press photo of that November meeting showed Kobach holding a paper outlining homeland security issues.
Provoking Thought Through Film
Established in 2001, The Bureau is a Bafta-winning and Oscar , Cesar and Academy Award® nominated Film Production and Sales Company. Producing from London and Paris, The Bureau has made almost 40 feature films to date.
The Bureau looked to Alphabet to re-imagine and refresh their brand identity, infusing their core values into a new look and feel. From Brandmark and Typography to Print and Digital Collateral, our aim was to create a brand that was confident but didn't overwhelm the content, and instead, let it shine.
The “Parks and Recreation” actor opened up to Details magazine about a quick stint he had at a burger joint. “I resigned in disgrace from Johnny Rockets after one day,” he recalls. “The guy was like, ‘All right, so here's where the fries are,' and then this fifties song came on the jukebox and he's like, ‘Oh, excuse me for a second,' and ran over to the waiters and busboys and they started singing and doing a little dance. And then he runs back and he's like, ‘Sorry— every time this song comes on, we all get together and sing!' And I was like, ‘If you'll excuse me for a second . . .' and I left. I was in uniform— a paper hat, the whole thing. Never picked that paycheck up.”
For more pics of Adam, go to x17online.com.
A new study being conducted in Morgantown is working to increase the effectiveness of addiction treatment, since as many as 20 percent of people addicted to opioids will not respond to the standard treatment of suboxone.
“I think this is essential for West Virginia due to the opioid crisis,” said Dr. Marina Galvez Peralta, Assistant Professor at the West Virginia University School of Pharmacy and the principal investigator of the study. “With this we can have a model so we can kind of extrapolate and compare data that of patients of West Virginia with other patients in other states that have different genetic background.”
Genetic background is one of several factors WVU and the West Virginia Clinical and Translation Science Institute will study to provide better more patient-specific addiction treatment.
“There are different variations in genes that different people carry around,” said Dr. Vince Setola, Assistant Professor at WVU's Department of Physiology, Pharmacology and Neuroscience and Behavioral Medicine and Psychiatry. “There are certain flavors if you will of genes that people have and some of those flavors cause them to be slow metabolizers of a particular drug or some of those flavors cause them to be rapid metabolizers of a particular drug.”
Right now the study is recruiting patients from WVU Medicine's Comprehensive Opioid Addiction Treatment (COAT) program to begin testing.
“We're looking at people who have unfortunately relapsed recently and some that have been more on the healthier side in terms of they haven't relapsed in a certain while,” said WVU Pharmacy Student and Researcher Mark Sarlo.
To test the genes takes only two to two and a half hours, meaning doctors could have the answer to how much suboxone will more effectively treat a patient to start the recovery process relatively quickly.
“The drop-out rate from treatment is about 90 percent with just detoxification without medication,” said WVU Medicine Addiction Psychologist and Medical Director at Chestnut Ridge Dr. James Berry “For those who are able to be on the medicine, if we're able to keep them on the medicine for about 90 days then the drop out rate is about 50 percent. For those we're able to keep on the medicine for um greater than 90 days and up to a year then the drop out rate goes to about 20 percent.”
Not only could this research keep patients in treatment, it also makes more patient-specific care.
“The implications are personalized medicine where physicians will be able to understand their patients genetic makeup and how that contributes to their being a receiver of the medicine that's being given, said Dr. Setola.
Jackie Tyrrell, former Kilkenny hurler
How did you become interested in NFL?
I lived with Kieran Murphy in College, he used to watch it so I started watching with him. I went to America on a few trips with Kilkenny and I started going to a few games, I just loved it and started following it in a big way.
I got more and more engrossed in it over time. It's a very technical sport, I probably still don't know all the rules though but I love the tactics and the different styles the teams have.
Do you support a team?
I follow the Dallas Cowboys, I've been to about ten games, I've been to Wembley and got to see the Cowboys there, I've been to the Giants Stadium a few times, I've been to Levi Stadium and their own stadium.
Whenever I go to America I always try tie in a couple of games. The buzz and the tailgating are brilliant, they market their games so well, the atmosphere in the stadium and the city are brilliant.
The athletes are at the top of their game, there are such colorful characters in it. It all adds up to a really great sport.
How will the game go?
It's hard to look past the Patriots but at the same time the Eagles have impressed so much this year. They tick all the boxes, they are a really well rounded team on defence and offence.
They have three or four key guys that are injured, if they had them then they probably (would) have a better chance.
I would say the Eagles will really need to start fast and get some scores on the board. I'm not expecting Tom Brady to run the ball a whole lot because of the Eagles' defensive line, their front four are very strong.
They are not as strong in the secondary so I expect them to go after that, particularly with Gronk (Rob Gronkowski).
I expect the Eagles to keep it simple with Nick Foles, they will probably run the ball give it to Jay Ajayi and (LaGarrette) Blount aswell and see what plays from there.
This is the Patriots we are talking about, I fully expect them to be in striking distance in the fourth quarter and if they are it's very hard to back against them.
Plans for watching it?
I'm planning on going to Dublin after the Kilkenny game and maybe going to somewhere like the Woolshed.
Verdict?
Patriots
Mossy Quinn, former Dublin footballer
How did you become interested in NFL?
I was in the States years ago, Summer of 2003. I was in New York and the NFL season started, I just started seeing a lot of it around then.
When I came home it coincided with the start of it being shown on Sky so it was much more accessible to us. I just really liked it.
Do you support a team?
I support the Tennessee Titans for my troubles, the reason I liked them back at the time was because everyone I knew was either a Patriots fan or else the Giants or the Jets.
The Titans quarter-back at the time was a guy called Steve McNair. He was brilliant and every time he came on telly he was making a play, I was always watching him at the time.
Their colours are the same as Dublin, they are blue and navy so it was an easy connection. I've been to about ten games in the states and a few in London too and I went to the Super Bowl a few years ago too when the Seahawks beat the Broncos.
How will the game go?
I'm leaning towards the Patriots because of what they did in the fourth-quarter against the Jaguars and the Tom Brady Bill Bilichick factor.
I think the Eagles have the tools, traditionally teams that beat the Patriots in the play-offs have a good defence and a strong running game and they can get pressure on Brady and the Eagles look like they can do all three.
I think it is going to be closer than people think. I think I might come down to that last drive and Brady with the ball in his hands.
Plans for watching the game?
I usually alternate between staying in and going out. There are some pretty good Super Bowl parties on around Dublin but I think I will stay in and watch on the couch so I can really take it all in.
Verdict
Patriots
Bauer launches $12.99 food magazine with zero ads Bauer Publishing may have hit on a unique formula to beat the ad crunch in the print world: Start a new magazine with zero advertising — but a sky-high cover...
Bauer Media to appeal Rebel Wilson defamation suit ruling Last month, Wilson won Australia's highest-ever defamation payout after successfully suing Bauer Media over a series of defamatory articles.
Rebel Wilson tells court Australian articles hurt career "It's not lucrative," she told the court. "The reason why I'm here today is to stand up for myself and to stand up for my family, who've been harassed."
BRUSSELS — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu urged the European Union on Monday to back a new U.S. peace initiative in the Middle East, after President Donald Trump's unilateral decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital met with widespread condemnation and triggered clashes in the Palestinian territories.
Netanyahu, making the first official visit by an Israeli premier to the EU's Brussels headquarters in 22 years, told reporters that recognizing Jerusalem merely stated the reality on the ground. He said he expected many European countries to follow Trump's lead.
But EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini, who chaired talks between Netanyahu and EU foreign ministers, said no European leaders plan to adopt the U.S. president's position.
Netanyahu insisted that, in recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital, “what President Trump has done is put facts squarely on the table. Peace is based on reality.
“Jerusalem is Israel's capital, no one can deny it. It doesn't obviate peace, it makes peace possible,” he said.
The Israeli leader added that he believed most European countries would now “move their embassies to Jerusalem, recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.”
Reacting to Netanyahu's remarks, Mogherini said EU ministers were concerned about Trump's move.
“We do not wish to see a discredited U.S. administration when it comes to the negotiations in the Middle East,” she said.
As far as EU member countries relocating their embassies in Israel, Mogherini was quick to disabuse Netanyahu of the idea.
“He can keep his expectations for others, because from the European Union member states' side, this move will not come,” she said.
Nevertheless, Mogherini and other ministers were impatient to hear details of any U.S. peace initiative in the pipeline. The EU's top diplomat said the time frame for any new plan and who might be involved do not appear to have been worked out.
“Both the horizon and the framework appear still to be determined,” Mogherini said.
French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said that “they've announced to us some kind of American initiative. We've been waiting for several months. If it's not the case, then perhaps the European Union should take the initiative, but it's too early to say.
“Everyone knows that the resolution of the Middle East crisis goes through negotiations and the recognition of two states,” he said.
Belgian Foreign Minister Didier Reynders said Jerusalem “could be the capital of Israel and a future Palestinian state, but that has to be negotiated between the two parties.”
Reynders said that as the biggest aid donor to the Palestinians and a major partner of Israel, the European Union has “a particular role to play” in encouraging a political solution to the conflict.
— with files from Raf Casert in Brussels
The wages of members of the Defence Forces have come under scrutiny in recent days with the news that the Newbridge family of a corporal serving overseas has been made homeless.
The man's family have run into difficulty after their landlord informed them he intended to sell their Newbridge house.
The corporal's income is so low that he and his partner qualify for a Housing Assistance Payment (HAP), which means they could afford approximately €1,200 a month.
The family have been searching for an alternative since the end of July.
They have a daughter with a rare medical condition who needs to be near their GP, and therefore wish to stay in the general Newbridge area.
However the WPDF (Wives and Partners of the Defence Forces) organisation reveals the couple cannot find suitable accommodation in Newbridge.
“They've gone to six viewings and things seem to go well until they mention HAP,” a spokesperson for WPDF told the Leader.
They say Defence Forces families are suffering from income poverty, food poverty and child poverty, and that they have had to turn to organisations such as St. Vincent de Paul, AWARE, Pieta House and even the Simon Community for support.
In the same week, Deputy Fiona O'Loughlin has said there is link between a failure by the Defence Forces to either grow its numbers or retain its current numbers and low pay and a lack of clear career paths for members.
She pointed out that with 20% of the families of Defence Forces personnel on Family Income Support, it was clear that they weren't being look after properly.
“If resources were put into providing good salaries and a clear career path for soldiers, and not just to cadets, then it would be easier to maintain numbers in the Defence Forces.
Speaking of the recruitment campaigns, she noted that there was “no point in recruiting them if we can't keep them.”
“It's great to see young people with ambition going into the Defence Forces, but they need a clear career path.
On the issue of women joining the forces, Deputy O'Loughlin who is Fianna Fáil's spokesperson on Equality, pointed out that of 7,254 Army personnel, only 476 are women.
“I am very concerned that female participation is so low, despite the money being pumped into advertising campaigns to encourage women to join,” she concluded.
WATCH: Seven young Kildare army recruits pass out at the Curragh
Hundreds of protesters flocked to Trump Tower on Sunday to decry what they called the president's woefully inadequate response to the violent rallies in Charlottesville over the weekend.
Hoards of sign-carrying protesters marched up Fifth Avenue — clogging traffic as they waived signs that read “The Trump/Pence Regime Must Go” while screaming “If we get no justice, they get no peace!”
The rally came a day after Trump tweeted, “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence, on many sides. On many sides. It's been going on for a long time in our country.”
At least three people were arrested for disorderly conduct, according to police sources.
His tweet was in response to white-supremacist riots in Virginia over the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee, which sparked counter-protests and the fatal mow-down of Heather Heyer by accused neo-Nazi James Fields Jr., 20.
“What happened [in Charlottesville] is awful, and we must make it known that it isn't welcomed anymore,” said Trump Tower protester Lilly Tobia, 19. “Our voices will be heard.”
Another city marcher, Jennifer Liu, 22, screamed, “I'm tired of Trump and how he supports these white supremists!
“We won't stop protesting until he's gone, and he won't be welcome back here!”
The shrieking and sign-waiving dissidents were cloistered across the street from the president's namesake building and kept behind police barriers.
Trump was originally slotted to return to Manhattan from his golf-club in Bedminster, NJ, on Sunday.
But Mayor de Blasio said Sunday that Trump would instead be arriving Monday. It was not clear why.
Additional reporting by Larry Celona
A United flight turned into a cat-astrophe for one allergic woman.
Donna Wiegel was booted from the friendly skies because she complained that she was seated too close to a cat, despite her health problems.
She first saw another passenger with the feline at the gate area in Baltimore as she waited for her flight to Chicago on March 4. She said she told an agent that she needed to be seated as far away from the feline as possible.
“I have a lot of respiratory problems and asthma,” she told NBC Chicago. “And cats are a trigger that I have to avoid at all costs.”
But once she got on the plane, the woman and her kitty were seated just a few rows away.
“I said, ‘Oh, that is way too close,'” she said, and was told to swap seats with another passenger in the back of the plane. “I still balked at that and said, ‘Why do I have to move? Why can't the cat move?'”
She said she was told the cat could not be moved, so she made her way to another seat but was confronted by three crew members.
“They said, ‘You'll have to come with us — the crew is not comfortable having you on the flight,'” she recalled. “I've never been kicked off a plane, and I was just so stunned that this would happen to me.”
She said her suitcase's handle was broken when it was wrestled from the overhead bin and that when she got to the gate area, TSA agents were waiting.
Crew members told her she couldn't stay on the flight because they feared she would have a medical emergency if she remained on board.
But she said she was most distressed by the treatment she received.
“You know, I'm hyperventilating at this point,” she said. “Almost in a full-blown asthma attack.”
Wiegel was eventually driven to Washington Dulles Airport, where she was put on a 10:30 p.m. United flight to Chicago.
see also Bloodied passenger settles with United The Kentucky doctor who sustained a broken nose, lost teeth...
She said United had not responded to her online complaint.
“We're disappointed anytime a customer has an experience that doesn't measure up to their expectations,” United told NBC in a statement. “We reached out to Ms. Wiegel today to apologize and find out more about what happened. We are working with our partner on this flight, GoJet Airlines, who operated this flight, to get more details.”
The news emerged shortly after the embattled airline reached a settlement with a Kentucky doctor who was injured after being violently dragged off his overbooked flight.
Dr. David Dao and United reached an “amicable” settlement for an undisclosed amount.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) _ The Charlottesville City Council will decide how it wants to remove the statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee from its downtown park. Media outlets report that on Monday the council will discuss whether to sell or donate the statue. The council voted 3-2 earlier this year for its removal. Councilor Wes Bellamy called for the removal of the statue in March 2016, citing residents who feel it is culturally offensive and a symbol of white supremacy. A community panel last fall suggested that the statue be moved from Lee Park to McIntire Park. Two councilors, however, said Friday that they're disinclined to this option. Also Monday, city officials will present to the council and public options for removing the statue. The council will also decide whether to rename both Lee and Jackson parks.
WASHINGTON — An appeals court on Wednesday upheld the structure of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, determining it is constitutional to bar the president from firing its director at will, even as the Trump administration works to weaken the regulator.
Wednesday's ruling overturns a November 2016 decision that had given presidents the power of dismissal over a CFPB director and marks the latest development in a complicated fight over leadership of the agency, which was established to crack down on predatory financial practices after the 2007-2009 financial crisis.
The ruling from the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia is part of a broader fight over the agency's structure, and comes amid a separate, more immediate controversy that emerged after President Donald Trump appointed Mick Mulvaney, an agency critic who also is director of the Office of Management and Budget, as its temporary head in November.
The CFPB had appealed the 2016 court decision that gave the president the power to fire the agency's director without proof of serious misconduct. The fight over the agency's structure is part of a continuing lawsuit between the agency and a mortgage servicer, PHH Corp.
Wednesday's ruling is separate from another legal fight over the leadership of the agency in which the CFPB's deputy director, Leandra English, is suing to bar Mulvaney from leading the agency in an acting capacity. That case is still pending before the same court.
"Congress's decision to provide the CFPB director a degree of insulation reflects its permissible judgment that civil regulation of consumer financial protection should be kept one step removed from political winds and presidential will," the court wrote in its Wednesday opinion.
The original ruling by a three-judge panel on the D.C. Circuit Court threatened to upend the CFPB, which was created as part of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law. There, judges ruled that it was unconstitutional to grant a single director, serving a five-year term, protection from presidential removal.
Wednesday's decision could be appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court by PHH, which did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The company did get a favorable portion of the ruling, as the court reinstated an earlier ruling throwing out the $109 million fine the CFPB levied against PHH that was the catalyst for the lawsuit. Judges previously determined the CFPB overstepped its bounds in assessing that fine.
Mulvaney's appointment to the job set off a controversy when English, chosen by outgoing CFPB director Richard Cordray as his replacement, filed suit to bar Mulvaney from taking the job. A federal judge ruled against English in November, leading to her appeal.
Novelist Anne Valente reads from her latest work. Her novel, Our Hearts Will Burn Us Down, was released in October from William Morrow, and follows a yearbook committee in the wake of a school shooting.
Anne Valente's first short-story collection, By Light We Knew Our Names, won the Dzanc Books Short Story Prize. Her fiction appears in One Story, The Kenyon Review, The Southern Review, and the Chicago Tribune, and her essays appear in The Believer and The Washington Post. Originally from St. Louis, she is a faculty member in the Creative Writing Department at Santa Fe University of Art and Design.
Wells Fargo chief defends his pay raise amid scandals Here's one bank bigwig who seems to be feeling the heat. Wells Fargo Chief Executive Tim Sloan blasted months-old comments from Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) and defended a 35 percent...
I'd read Lloyd Blankfein's book Lloyd Blankfein ought to write a book. But I'm sure he won't. The head of Goldman Sachs appears to be headed into retirement soon. And I'd pay to read all...
Banker quits finance job to become a sex toy tester A former banker who quit her high-powered finance job to become a professional sex toy tester says she halved her salary but is now “having twice as much fun.” British...
'Dante's Inferno' financier really a scammer named Largue He portrays himself as a sharp-dressed financier with slick-backed hair, an office across from the New York Stock Exchange and a podcast called “Dante's Inferno” that promises to “fire up...
Banker shells out big bucks to buy Golf Magazine Fore! Banker Howard Milstein is the new owner of Golf Magazine and its website, golf.com. Terms of the deal were not disclosed, but the price tag was estimated to be...
Feds probe if Russian banker sent NRA cash for Trump campaign The feds are investigating whether a shady Russian banker linked to the Kremlin illegally funneled cash to the National Rifle Association to help Donald Trump win the election, McClatchy news...
Hotshot broker served with SEC subpoena on Christmas Eve Talk about a Grinchy Christmas gift from the government. Guy Gentile — a hotshot stockbroker who got attention in October when his ex-girlfriend drove his Mercedes into his backyard swimming...
Hotshot banker thankful for ‘fantastic' decision on $17M SEC case Guy Gentile, the hotshot banker whose angry ex-girlfriend drove his Mercedes-Benz into the pool of his Bahamas home, beat a $17 million civil fraud case brought by the federal government...
Wall Street bonuses may jump this year, thanks to Trump Wall Street bonuses may climb as much as 10 percent this year, in the first meaningful jump for the industry since 2013, according to a closely watched report. Bankers who...
Islanders get Belmont Park site The New York Islanders will soon be putting their failed Brooklyn hockey experiment on ice — as state officials have approved a new arena at Belmont Park that will let...
Details on Belmont Park revamp plans revealed The New York City Football Club and New York Islanders squared off Sunday over their competing plans to redevelop parts of the Belmont Park racetrack into their home turf. Reps...
Isles owner shows off $7M practice facility to make arena case Jon Ledecky has figured out the NHL equation for a successful franchise, and he has figured out how to get the answer within his grasp. Now the Islanders co-owner and...
Wilpon donates to Cuomo campaign with eyes on new stadium Mets owner Fred Wilpon is picking a good time to get friendly with Gov. Andrew Cuomo — by giving him a $65,000 campaign contribution just before Wilpon's organization began seeking...
Islanders owner: Forget Nassau, we're focused on Belmont Park Jon Ledecky wanted to make something crystal clear, the hope being to quiet the questions surrounding his Islanders and their pending arena impasse. “We have a singular focus at playing...
NYCFC set to battle Islanders over Belmont Park site Two of New York's major league sports franchises are expected to duke it out for the right to build a new home at Belmont Park racetrack. New York City FC,...
Islanders' path back to Long Island is clearer than ever The window has opened, and it's only a matter of time before the Islanders submit their proposal for a new arena at Belmont Park. New York state announced its long-awaited...
Belmont Stakes betting guide: Field, odds and the winner is ... An inside look at how the 149th Belmont Stakes shapes up (morning-line odds in parentheses): 1. Twisted Tom (20-1) Current form: New player in the Triple Crown series brings a...
Hondo's off to the races The American League stars came through again for Hondo, showing their superiority to the Senior Circuiteers and elevating the earnings to 2,654 turcottes. Wednesday: Mr. Aitch is off to the...
The junior forward led the Chargers to one of their biggest wins of the season so far by knocking down five threes. He finished with a game-high 22 points to go along with six rebounds as B-E knocked off a now 16-4 Panthers team in a 59-55 contest.
“I think it was just one of those nights,” Strese said. “When I was shooting in warmups, I couldn't make anything. I'm starting to think whenever I shoot good in warmups, I don't shoot well in games it seems like. It's always fun playing here and the more fun it is, the easier it is to play.”
The Chargers (13-8) are looking to build a little momentum coming down the stretch as they prepare for what looks to be a wide open Section 6A playoffs. They have won three straight now, but Tuesday's victory came against a Parkers Prairie squad that came into the night as the top team in the 6A-South field in the Minnesota-scores.net QRF.
“The biggest thing is it improves our QRF and may move us up to a home game in the playoffs, which is something we want as a goal,” B-E head coach John Holsten said. “From that standpoint it's absolutely vital to win these games, but secondarily the way the kids hung in there was also very important for this group.”
The Chargers lost five games this season by single digits, but they have closed out two straight against good section opponents in Hillcrest Lutheran Academy (13-6) and the Panthers. Brandon-Evansville did it Tuesday by shooting 46 percent (17-37), including 9-of-16 from three.
The Chargers led 10-4 early before the Panthers rallied to take a 24-21 lead into the break. Senior guard Andrew Johnson paced them with eight of his team-high 14 points in the first 18 minutes, while sophomore forward Travis Yohnke finished with 13 points.
Strese kept the Chargers close during that opening stretch with three of his five threes.
“At halftime, I felt he played his best half,” Holsten said. “Then he topped it. Good for him. I'm glad for him. James is a good basketball player.”
Parkers Prairie played without junior forward Ryan Blake and struggled to get into a rhythm offensively. The Chargers eventually took advantage as Strese, junior guard Jake Hintermeister and junior post Darrin Wibstad all knocked down triples to give them a 45-41 advantage with almost six minutes left.
Wibstad has stepped up this season to provide another consistent scoring threat for B-E. He had 12 Tuesday and scored seven straight points, including his only three of the game, to give the Chargers a 49-42 lead with 4:40 left. They never gave the lead back.
“He comes out every game and gets 10, 15 points a game,” Strese said of Wibstad. “He's really gotten a lot better. He's just a real asset to our team having a post that can do multiple things like that. It's hard to guard that.”
The Panthers cut their deficit to a single possession late, but B-E's junior point guard Taylor Bitzan sank six straight free throws in the final 70 seconds. Strese went 1-of-2 during that stretch, and freshman forward Tanner Bitzan sank the second of two free throws with almost 10 seconds left to make it a two-possession game.
That free throw gave Tanner his only point in the game on a night when just four others scored for B-E. Taylor Bitzan had 15 points, eight rebounds and two assists and Hintermeister added nine points on 3-of-4 from beyond the arc.
Holsten liked what he got out of his four primary scorers on Tuesday, but lauded the effort of guys like Tanner Bitzan, Michael Schroeder, Kevin Campbell and Keagan Schiele.
“Look at Tanner's line most games,” Holsten said. “He's always leading us in rebounds. He's up there in assists. He knows how to play the game. Kevin makes plays that you don't see in the scorebook, and he makes them immediately when he comes on the floor. Keagan has a great basketball mind and he's getting better and better. Michael gave us a couple of great minutes in the first half to give Darrin and James a break.”
The longtime head coach knows good teams have guys who show up in more than just the scoring column.
“We're going to need to get those eight guys involved in everything we do,” Holsten said. “Everybody has their role. Sometimes that role changes from one game to the next, but for the most part everybody's role is to rebound and play defense. I think the kids are doing a pretty good job of that.”
Whichever team comes out of the Section 6A tournament is going to need that all-around effort from a lot of guys. Nine different teams between the north and south subsections have at least 12 wins already with more than three weeks left in the regular season.
“I'm excited for it,” Strese said. “I think it's going to be a lot of fun. A lot of good, close games throughout the entire tournament. I think it's going to be really fun.”
“Fun for the fans, sure,” Holsten said with a smile. “For the coaches, maybe not so much.”
The Chargers had fun on Tuesday with the outcome turning in their favor. Parkers Prairie and B-E both found out again what many are seeing on a nightly basis among these 6A teams.
“You better bring your ‘A' game,” Holsten said. “If you don't bring your ‘A' game, you're going to get out of here real early. That wouldn't be much fun.”
B-E 21 38 - 59
PARKERS PRAIRIE 24 31 - 55
B-E TOTALS - FG - 17-37; Three-point FG - 9-16; FT - 16-23; Assists - 12; Rebounds - 29; Steals - 7; Turnovers - 16
B-E - Strese - 22 points, 6 rebounds, 1 steal; Schroeder - 1 assist; Taylor Bitzan - 15 points, 2 assists, 8 rebounds; Wibstad - 12 points, 3 assists, 5 rebounds, 2 steals; Schiele - 1 assist, 2 steals; Hintermeister - 9 points, 1 assist, 3 rebounds, 1 steal; Tanner Bitzan - 1 point, 3 assists, 4 rebounds
PARKERS PRAIRIE SCORING - Johnson - 14; Yonke - 13; Harry Samuelson - 6; Hunter McDaniel - 5; Casey Peterson - 7; Trenton Hamilton - 5; Matt Ferley - 5
It looks like Jimmy Butler may want in on the most dramatic offseason in NBA history.
With LeBron James on his way to the Lakers in the Western Conference, the East is, in theory, wide open. But the Celtics' Kyrie Irving is looking to lock down the conference for years to come — and a new report suggests Butler may be looking to join him.
The Timberwolves star is “fed up” with his current teammates, according to the Chicago Sun-Times, and has been maneuvering to find a way to play with Irving, whether that be for the Celtics or another team in the East.
Boston could try to trade for Butler before the 2018-19 season begins, or the two players could team up next offseason when they hit free agency.
The Celtics have been thought to be involved in trade talks for Kawhi Leonard, who wants out from San Antonio. Butler could make for an intriguing alternative.
The Sun-Times report also adds a layer to the fountain of tension coming out of the Wolves' locker room, with Butler's frustration with his teammates' “nonchalant attitude,” particularly Karl Anthony-Towns, starting to boil over.
When Butler was traded from the Bulls last summer, expectations skyrocketed for the Wolves, who already had former No. 1 draft picks Towns and Andrew Wiggins on their roster — as well as highly regarded coach Tom Thibodeau.
But while Minnesota did break a 14-year playoff drought this season, it was dispatched in the first round by the Rockets, and it wasn't exactly smooth sailing off the court. As the season wound down and the Wolves gradually dropped from the third-seed to the eighth, players complained about Thibodeau's heavy workload and rigorous coaching style.
In June, the Sporting News reported Butler took issue with Wiggins' work ethic and subpar defense. Now, he's reportedly not happy with the Wolves' other young star.
Butler has stated he will not sign an extension with Minnesota this year (as Irving has also said about Boston), making it more enticing for Wolves management at least to explore the possibility of a trade. The Celtics, brimming with young players and assets, could be a potential partner.
This is not the first time Irving and Butler have apparently tried to play together. Last summer, before Irving was traded from the Cavaliers, he told several of his Team USA teammates that Butler's then-Bulls were on his wish list. Bulls management, believing it didn't have the assets to make a deal, opted instead to trigger a rebuild and trade Butler to Minnesota.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
PARRISH, Ala.— A stinking trainload of human waste from New York City is stranded in a tiny Alabama town, spreading a stench like a giant backed-up toilet — and the "poop train" is just the latest example of the South being used as a dumping ground for other states' waste.
In Parrish, Alabama, population 982, the sludge-hauling train cars have sat idle near the little league ball fields for more than two months, Mayor Heather Hall said. The smell is unbearable, especially around dusk after the atmosphere has become heated, she said.
"Oh my goodness, it's just a nightmare here," she said. "It smells like rotting corpses, or carcasses. It smells like death."
Containers that were loaded with tons of New York City sewage sludge in Parrish, Alabama on April 12, 2018. Jay Reeves / AP
All kinds of waste have been dumped in Georgia, Alabama and other Southern states in recent years, including toxic coal ash from power plants around the nation. In South Carolina, a plan to store radioactive nuclear waste in a rural area prompted complaints that the state was being turned into a nuclear dump.
In Parrish, townspeople are considering rescheduling children's softball games, or playing at fields in other communities to escape the stink.
Sherleen Pike, who lives about a half-mile from the railroad track, said she sometimes dabs peppermint oil under her nose because the smell is so bad.
"Would New York City like for us to send all our poop up there forever?" she said. "They don't want to dump it in their rivers, but I think each state should take care of their own waste."
Alabama's inexpensive land and permissive zoning laws and a federal ban on dumping New Yorkers' excrement in the ocean got the poop train chugging, experts say.
Related How recycled astronaut poop might sustain a mission to Mars
Nelson Brooke of the environmental group Black Warrior Riverkeeper, describes Alabama as "kind of open-door, rubber-stamp permitting place" for landfill operators.
"It's easy for them to zip into a rural or poor community and set up shop and start making a ton of cash," he said.
The poop train's cargo is bound for the Big Sky landfill, about 20 miles (30 kilometers) east of Parrish. The landfill has been accepting the New York sewage sludge since early 2017. Previously, it was transferred from trains to trucks in nearby West Jefferson, but officials there obtained an injunction to keep the sludge out of their town.
The sludge "smells of dead rotting animals as well as human waste," West Jefferson's attorney said in a lawsuit against Big Sky Environmental LLC. It also caused the community to become "infested with flies," the complaint states.
After West Jefferson went to court, the train stopped in late January in Parrish, which lacks the zoning regulations to block the train cars. It's sat there ever since.
"We're probably going to look at creating some simple zoning laws for the town of Parrish so we can be sure something like this does not happen again," the Parrish mayor said. Hall said she's optimistic the sludge will all be trucked to the landfill soon.
New York City has discontinued shipping it to Alabama for the time being, said Eric Timbers, a city spokesman. Its waste, recovered from the sewage treatment process and often called "biosolids," has been sent out of state partly because the federal government in the late 1980s banned disposal in the Atlantic Ocean.
In an earlier trash saga, a barge laden with 3,186 tons (2,890 metric tons) of non-toxic paper and commercial garbage from Long Island and New York City wandered the ocean for months in 1987, seeking a place to dump it after plans by a private developer to turn it into methane gas in North Carolina fell through. It was turned away by North Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Florida, Mexico, Belize and the Bahamas.
Brooke's Black Warrior Riverkeeper group last year opposed continued permits for the Big Sky landfill. Rural parts of Alabama are "prime targets" for landfills that accept out-of-state waste, it argued, meaning "that Alabama was becoming a dumping ground for the rest of the nation."
Big Sky officials did not return multiple email and phone messages from The Associated Press seeking comment.
Nationally, the waste and recycling industry generates more than $93 billion in gross revenue annually, said Brandon Wright, a spokesman for the National Waste & Recycling Association. Wright said there are many reasons waste is sometimes transported out of state. There might not be enough landfill space nearby "and the waste has to go somewhere, so it gets transported out of state," he said.
Alabama and other Southern states have a long history accepting waste from around the U.S.
A former state attorney general once described a giant west Alabama landfill as "America's Pay Toilet." It was among the nation's largest hazardous waste dumps when it opened in 1977. At its peak, the landfill took in nearly 800,000 tons of hazardous waste annually.
Plans to dump coal ash in Southern states have been particularly contentious. Each year, U.S. coal plants produce about 100 million tons of coal ash and other waste; more than 4 million tons of it wound up in an Alabama landfill following a 2008 spill in Tennessee.
In Parrish, the mayor hopes the material in the train cars is removed before the weather warms up.
"We're moving into the summer, and the summer in the South is not forgiving when it comes to stuff like this," she said.
Cheating Russians condemned while Bud Selig gets a pass Saturday's week-ending news: Hard evidence continues to mount that the 2012 and 2014 Russian Olympic teams were enabled by an “institutional conspiracy” to provide over 1,000 of its athletes in...
Was Trump's swipe at Army-Navy football mean or fair? He just couldn't help himself. The President-elect of the United States took a soft swipe at the quality of the football game he was watching in Baltimore on Saturday between...
Donald Trump raucously cheered at Army-Navy game President-elect Donald Trump was greeted with cheers and jumping cadets at the annual Army-Navy football game in Baltimore. The incoming president waved to the crowd from outside a private box as...
Army inspired by teammate who died in Sept. 11 crash Reminders of Brandon Jackson, a starting sophomore defensive back at Army who died in a single-car crash early on Sept. 11, are everywhere. There is the glistening gold helmet within...
It's a game they should win, but don't tell Army that They will throw the records away Saturday as they always do whenever Army and Navy tussle, regardless of sport, regardless of season. For the past 12 years, that has been...
It's official.
Giancarlo Stanton will be wearing Yankee pinstripes next season.
The Marlins formally announced the trade to send Stanton to New York for four-time All-Star second baseman Starlin Castro and prospects Jorge Guzmán, a right-handed pitcher and shortstop José Devers and cash considerations.
The trade was reportedly agreed upon Saturday in advance of the Major League Baseball Winter Meetings, which began Monday morning at the Disney World Dolphin and Swan resort.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
With the move, the Marlins will shed the bulk of Stanton's $295 million contract as multiple reports have stated the Yankees will assume responsibility for $265 million.
The teams are expected to hold a news conference discussing the move at the Winter Meetings at 2 p.m. Monday.
The 28-year old Stanton just hit 59 home runs and drove in an MLB-best 132 RBI last season to earn his first MVP award.
Stanton is the third reigning MVP to be traded and first since Alex Rodriguez was sent to the Yankees in 2003 from the Texas Rangers. The Philadelphia Athletics traded Eddie Collins to the Chicago White Sox after he won the AL MVP in 1914.
Stanton's career numbers in eight years with the Marlins: 267 home runs, 672 RBI and a .268 batting average in 3,577 at-bats (986 games).
The Marlins' new owners were eager to trade Stanton in order to lower payroll to about $90 million while rebuilding a farm system that ranks as one of the worst in the majors in terms of prospects.
But Stanton has said he doesn't want to remain during a rebuild that would likely entail more losing, and his no-trade clause gave him final say, allowing him to accept or veto any trade as he did with potential deals with the Giants and Cardinals.
The Marlins may try to trade Castro, who is owed $10 million next season and $11 million in 2019, at the Winter Meetings, as well as more of their own core players, such as Marcell Ozuna, who has reportedly drawn serious interest from the Cardinals and Dodgers.
Stanton pairs up with current Yankees right fielder Aaron Judge to form potentially one of the most powerful lineups in recent memory. New York will now have the home run leaders from both leagues, who combined for 111 homers in 2016, in the heart of its lineup.
The last two teammates who each hit more than 50 home runs in the same season were Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris in 1961.
Guzman was ranked as the No. 2 prospect in the New York-Penn League according to Baseball America, and rated as the Yankees' No. 9 prospect according to MiLB.com. Guzman, a 21-year-old right-hander from the Dominican Republic, went 5-3 with 88 strikeouts and a 2.30 ERA in 13 starts in Single-A ball last season.
Devers, an 18-year old lefty-hitting shortstop from the Dominican Republic and cousin of Red Sox prospect Rafael Devers, hit .245 with nine doubles, three triples, a home run with 16 RBI and 16 steals in his first season of pro baseball, split between the Dominican Summer League and Gulf Coast League Yankees.
Last week, a report from TechCrunch claimed that Apple was about to buy Shazam for an unknown amount. For the unacquainted, Shazam is a music-detection app, but the company behind it has been looking into AR and other technologies Apple could be interested in. The buyout has now been confirmed by Apple in a public announcement.
"We are thrilled that Shazam and its talented team will be joining Apple. Since the launch of the App Store, Shazam has consistently ranked as one of the most popular apps for iOS. Apple Music and Shazam are a natural fit, sharing a passion for music discovery and delivering great music experiences to our users," Apple said in a statement.
The exact amount that Apple paid has not been disclosed, but TechCrunch believes it was around $400 million. Snap Inc and Spotify were reportedly also interested in purchasing the company. No details about the future of the Android app is known at this time.
Paris Hackett (3) of Phillip O. Berry, drives the baseline and shoots the one hand runner during late first half action. Phillip O. Berry would host Ardrey Kell Friday February 2, 2018. Jonathan Aguallo
Aaron and Lauren Paul welcomed daughter Story Annabelle in February.
The couple announced they were expecting in September.
Bill Shorten has ignited a class war over his proposed reform on dividend imputation, but who are the real victims here? Satirist Ben Pobjie has taken his cues from recent emphatic reactions and broken down the numbers on Australia's most vulnerable.
CASE STUDY ONE
Image copyright Other Image caption Sarah Vincent changed her daughter's school when the rules suddenly got very strict
"Everyone will sit up extra straight, eyes front, looking at the teacher. You will follow their instructions first time, every time."
Pretty comfortable with that?
Parents may well agree that this excerpt from Great Yarmouth Charter Academy's school rules is no bad thing.
The rules also require pupils to read with a ruler and to wait for teacher's instructions before picking up a pen or anything else.
When they are not reading or writing they must sit up straight with their arms folded and they must "track the teacher" around the room.
"You never turn around - even if you hear a noise behind you. You don't look out of the window. You don't lose focus," the rules from new academy sponsors, Inspiration Trust, say.
Still reasonable?
Well, a group of parents did not think so and responded by contacting newspapers with claims children had wet themselves in class because they were not allowed to go to the toilet.
'Culture shock'
One upset parent, Sarah Vincent, said: "If we treated our children like that we would be reported to social services."
Her daughter, Summer, had become "withdrawn" and "miserable" after being repeatedly pulled up for uniform infringements, she said.
She was then given a demerit because she did not have her arms folded as per the school rules, Sarah added.
Others complained pupils were being isolated for as little as dropping a pencil, and parents of at least 16 children have applied to move them to other schools.
But the school, which the new academy trust is trying to turn around after it was rated inadequate, insists it is simply trying to enforce new, high standards of behaviour where they had been lacking.
Children were in school to learn, not look out of the window, a trust spokesman said.
"Setting out clear expectations means everyone knows what is expected and lessons start promptly and run efficiently, so that every pupil gets the most of their time in school."
Pupils had been getting out of their chairs and sometimes leaving classrooms and it was necessary now to enforce order, he said.
"It's very early days," he added.
"And there's been a culture shock from where the school was previously."
And some parents have been delighted with the change.
Image copyright Other
Parent Tanya McCormick said it had been "so far so good" for her daughter and that she thought parents might be "pleasantly surprised" by the effect of the new regime by the end of term.
But the case has certainly prompted parents, particularly those of children new to secondary school, to ask how strict is too strict.
David, an 11-year-old who has just started a very popular London boys' state school, describes all the things for which you can get a detention.
"For talking too loudly in the playground, for talking while you are lining up...
"You can get one if you don't take your bag off within five seconds of going inside, if you take more than 10 minutes to eat your lunch, or if you have a sweet wrapper in your pocket.
"It just feels like you're only really behaving because you are scared you will get a detention," he says.
'Dodged a bullet'
Christopher, a pupil at another successful boys' state school, says about 80% of the boys in his class had been given a detention in the first week.
He says his best friend crosses himself every time a detention is dished out in class, like he has "dodged a bullet".
But are these boys enjoying their new schools?
The answer's yes - they love them. But both think teachers should stop handing out quite so many detentions.
Jarlath O'Brien, director of schools with the Eden Academy Trust, says every September a slew of stories about parents horrified at the strictness of their new schools hits the headlines.
"No teacher would say 'we don't really care about bullying or the lessons being disrupted'," he says.
"My concern is when you have a set of rules which start to interfere with the flow of things."
Uniform 'obsession'
He gives the example of a school allowing short or long-sleeved shirts in its uniform, but not allowing rolled-up sleeves.
"A child might inadvertently roll his sleeves up, and then the lesson is disrupted because the teacher has to pick the child up on it."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Old school ties? Some schools specify how to tie them, as well as which to wear
There has been a tendency in recent times to equate smart uniform with high standards of behaviour, he says, but the two are not the same.
Being too strict to can "smack of professional insecurity", he says, adding that this can backfire when "kids find themselves getting into bother without even trying".
The government's behaviour tsar Tom Bennett says people outside the UK "marvel at our obsession with school uniform".
He says the media pander to it by reporting examples of entire forms being sent home for wearing the wrong shoes or some such.
But it can use as a way of fostering a sense of belonging, he says, and letting pupils know: "This is the way we do things around here."
The best behaviour policies balance a culture of discipline with lots of pastoral support, he says.
"You need to have the compassion within the school structure.
"If you have that, if you have the love as well as the discipline, then things can really sky-rocket."
